RISKS RELATING TO EDISON INTERNATIONAL

Edison International's liquidity and ability to pay dividends depends on its ability to borrow funds, access to bank and capital markets, monetization of tax benefits held by Edison International, and SCE's ability to pay dividends and tax allocation payments to Edison International.

Edison International is a holding company and, as such, it has no operations of its own. Edison International's ability to meet its financial obligations, make investments, and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of SCE and SCE's ability to make upstream distributions. If SCE does not make upstream distributions to Edison International and Edison International is unable to access the bank and capital markets on reasonable terms, Edison International may be unable to continue to pay dividends to its shareholders or meet its financial obligations.

Prior to paying dividends to Edison International, SCE has financial and regulatory obligations that must be satisfied, including, among others, debt service and preference stock dividends. Further, SCE and Edison International cannot pay dividends if California law requirements for the declaration of dividends are not met. For information on CPUC and California law requirements related to the declaration of dividends, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—SCE Dividends" in the MD&A. SCE may also owe tax-allocation payments to Edison International under applicable tax-allocation agreements.

Edison International's ability to obtain financing, as well as its ability to refinance debt and make scheduled payments of principal and interest, are dependent on numerous factors, including its levels of indebtedness, maintenance of acceptable credit ratings, financial performance, liquidity and cash flow, and other market conditions. In addition, the factors affecting SCE's business will impact Edison International's ability to obtain financing. Edison International's inability to borrow funds from time to time could have a material effect on Edison International's liquidity and operations.

See "Risks Relating to Southern California Edison Company" below for further discussion.

Edison International's business activities are concentrated in one industry and in one region.

Edison International business activities are concentrated in the electric utility industry. Its principal subsidiary, SCE, serves customers only in southern and central California. As a result, Edison International's future performance may be affected by events and economic factors unique to California or by regional regulation, legislation or judicial decisions. For example, California courts have applied strict liability to investor-owned utilities in wildfire and other litigation matters. See "Management Overview—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides" in the MD&A.

RISKS RELATING TO SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY

Regulatory and Legislative Risks

SCE's financial results depend upon its ability to recover its costs and to earn a reasonable rate of return on capital investments in a timely manner from its customers through regulated rates.

SCE's ongoing financial results depend on its ability to recover its costs from its customers, including the costs of electricity purchased for its customers, through the rates it charges its customers as approved by the CPUC and FERC. SCE's financial results also depend on its ability to earn a reasonable return on capital, including long-term debt and equity. SCE's ability to recover its costs and earn a reasonable rate of return can be affected by many factors, including the time lag between when costs are incurred and when those costs are recovered in customers' rates and differences between the forecast or authorized costs embedded in rates (which are set on a prospective basis) and the amount of actual costs incurred. The CPUC or the FERC may not allow SCE to recover costs on the basis that such costs were not reasonably or prudently incurred or for other reasons. Further, SCE may be required to incur expenses before the relevant regulatory agency approves the recovery of such costs. For example, SCE has, and continues to, incur costs to strengthen its wildfire mitigation and prevention efforts before it is clear whether such costs will be recoverable from customers. Also, the CPUC may deny recovery of uninsured wildfire-related costs incurred by SCE if the CPUC determines that SCE was not prudent. In addition, while SCE supports California's environmental goals, it may be prevented from fully executing on its strategy to support such goals by regulatory delay or lack of approval of cost-recovery for the costs of such strategic actions from the relevant regulatory agencies.

SCE's authorized return on investment is established by multiplying an authorized rate of return, determined by the CPUC in standalone cost of capital proceedings, by SCE's authorized CPUC rate base. SCE’s current CPUC-authorized cost of capital, which currently consists of cost of long-term debt of 4.74%, cost of preferred equity of 5.70% and a ROE of 10.3%, is subject to potential adjustment should interest rates move substantially in years between cost of capital proceedings. For further 

42

information on the cost of capital mechanism see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE" in the MD&A and "Business—SCE—Overview of Ratemaking Process."

SCE's capital investment plan, increasing procurement of renewable power and energy storage, increasing environmental regulations, currently leveling demand, and the cumulative impact of other public policy requirements, collectively place continuing upward pressure on customer rates. If SCE is unable to obtain a sufficient rate increase or modify its rate design to recover its costs (including an adequate return on capital) in rates in a timely manner, its financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected. For further information on SCE's rate requests, see "Management Overview—2021 GRC," "Management Overview—Wildfire Mitigation, Wildfire Insurance and Restoration Expenses" and "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Regulatory Proceedings" in the MD&A.

SCE is subject to extensive regulation and the risk of adverse regulatory and legislative decisions, delays in regulatory or legislative decisions, and changes in applicable regulations or legislation.

SCE operates in a highly regulated environment. SCE's business is subject to extensive federal, state and local energy, environmental and other laws and regulations. Among other things, the CPUC regulates SCE's retail rates and capital structure, and the FERC regulates SCE's wholesale rates. The NRC regulates the decommissioning of San Onofre in addition to the local and state agencies that require permits. The construction, planning, and siting of SCE's power plants and transmission lines in California are also subject to regulation by the CPUC and other local, state and federal agencies.

SCE must periodically apply for licenses and permits from these various regulatory authorities, including environmental regulatory authorities, and abide by their respective orders. Should SCE be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits or should these regulatory authorities initiate any investigations or enforcement actions or impose fines, penalties or disallowances on SCE, SCE may be prevented from executing its strategy and its business could be materially affected. The process of obtaining licenses and permits from regulatory authorities may be delayed or defeated by opponents and such delay or defeat could have a material effect on SCE's business.

To the extent the Wildfire Insurance Fund and other provisions of AB 1054 do not effectively mitigate the significant risk faced by California investor-owned utilities related to liability for damages arising from catastrophic wildfires where utility facilities are a substantial cause, not achieving a more comprehensive solution could have a detrimental effect on SCE's business and financial condition. The effectiveness of AB 1054 to mitigate the wildfire-related risk faced by SCE is conditioned in part on the performance of various entities formed under AB 1054 and related legislation to, among other things, administer the Wildfire Insurance Fund, approve WMPs, issue safety certifications, oversee and enforce compliance with wildfire safety standards, and develop metrics to reduce risk and measure compliance with risk reduction. In addition, CPUC approval is required to recover the costs SCE is incurring to strengthen its wildfire mitigation and prevention efforts described in SCE's WMPs. See "Management Overview—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides" and "Management Overview—Wildfire Mitigation, Wildfire Insurance Expenses and Restoration Expenses" in the MD&A.

In addition, existing regulations may be revised or re-interpreted and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to SCE, or its facilities or operations, in a manner that may have a detrimental effect on SCE's business or result in significant additional costs. In addition, regulations adopted via the public initiative or legislative process may apply to SCE, or its facilities or operations, in a manner that may have a detrimental effect on SCE's business or result in significant additional costs.

SCE's energy procurement activities are subject to regulatory and market risks that could materially affect its financial condition and liquidity.

SCE obtains energy, capacity, environmental credits and ancillary services needed to serve its customers from its own generating plants and through contracts with energy producers and sellers. California law and CPUC decisions allow SCE to recover, through the rates it is allowed to charge its customers, reasonable procurement costs incurred in compliance with an approved procurement plan. Nonetheless, SCE's cash flows remain subject to volatility primarily resulting from changes in commodity prices, including as a result of gas supply constraints. Additionally, significant and prolonged gas use restrictions may adversely impact the reliability of the electric grid if critical generation resources are limited in their operations. For further information, see "Business—SCE—Purchased Power and Fuel Supply." SCE is also subject to the risks of unfavorable or untimely CPUC decisions about the compliance with SCE's procurement plan and the reasonableness of certain procurement-related costs.

SCE may not be able to hedge its risk for commodities on economic terms or fully recover the costs of hedges through the rates it is allowed to charge its customers, which could materially affect SCE's liquidity and results of operations, see "Market Risk Exposures" in the MD&A.

43

Operating Risks

Damage claims against SCE for wildfire-related losses may materially affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations.

Prolonged drought conditions and shifting weather patterns in California resulting from climate change as well as, among other things, buildup of dry vegetation in areas severely impacted by years of historic drought and lack of adequate clearing of hazardous fuels by responsible parties have increased the duration of the wildfire season and the risk of severe wildfire events.

Severe wildfires and increased urban development in high fire risk areas in California have given rise to large damage claims against California utilities for fire-related losses alleged to be the result of utility practices and/or the failure of electric and other utility equipment. Catastrophic wildfires can occur in SCE's service territory even if SCE effectively implements its WMPs. California courts have previously found utilities to be strictly liable for property damage, regardless of fault, by applying the theory of inverse condemnation when a utility's facilities were determined to be a substantial cause of a wildfire that caused the property damage. The rationale generally stated by these courts for applying this theory to investor-owned utilities is that property losses resulting from a public improvement, such as the distribution of electricity, can be spread across the larger community that benefited from such improvement. However, in November 2017, the CPUC issued a decision denying an investor-owned utility's request to include in its rates uninsured wildfire-related costs arising from several 2007 fires, finding that the investor-owned utility did not prudently manage and operate its facilities prior to or at the outset of the 2007 wildfires. An inability to recover uninsured wildfire-related costs could materially affect SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, if SCE is found liable for damages related to catastrophic wildfires, including the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, and is unable to, or believes that it will be unable to, recover those damages through insurance, the Wildfire Insurance Fund (which is only available for fires ignited after July 12, 2019) or electric rates, or access the bank and capital markets on reasonable terms, SCE may not have sufficient cash or equity to pay dividends or may be restricted from declaring such dividends because it does not meet CPUC or California law requirements related to the declaration of dividends. For information on the California law requirements on the declaration of dividends, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—SCE Dividends" in the MD&A. See "Management Overview—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides" in the MD&A.

Edison International's and SCE's costs of accessing capital markets has increased due to the risks associated with wildfires in Southern California. Edison International's and SCE's access to the bank and capital markets could also be constrained and/or the costs of accessing those markets could increase further as a result of wildfire risk, including if Edison International's and/or SCE's credit ratings are downgraded, further downgraded or placed on negative watch due to concerns about Edison International and/or SCE's financial health as a result of wildfires.

SCE's insurance coverage for wildfires arising from its ordinary operations may not be sufficient.

Edison International has experienced increased costs and difficulties in obtaining insurance coverage for wildfires that could arise in connection with SCE's ordinary operations. Edison International, SCE and its contractors may experience coverage reductions and/or increased wildfire insurance costs in future years. No assurance can be given that losses will not exceed the limits of SCE's or its contractors' insurance coverage. SCE may not be able to recover uninsured losses and increases in the cost of insurance in electric rates. Losses which are not fully insured or cannot be recovered through the Wildfire Insurance Fund or electric rates could materially affect Edison International's and SCE's financial condition and results of operations. For more information on wildfire insurance risk, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides."

SCE may not effectively implement its wildfire mitigation plans.

SCE will face a higher likelihood of catastrophic wildfires in its service territory if it cannot effectively implement its WMPs. For example, SCE may not be able to effectively implement its WMPs if it experiences unanticipated difficulties relative to sourcing, engaging, training and retaining contract workers it needs to fulfill its mitigation obligations under the WMPs. In addition, if SCE does not have an approved WMP, SCE will not be issued a safety certification from the CPUC and will consequently not benefit from the presumption of prudency or the AB 1054 Liability Cap.

The CPUC may assess penalties on SCE if it finds that SCE has failed to substantially comply with its WMP. In addition, On a risk-informed basis, SCE is making efforts to reduce the frequency and impacts of PSPS in 2021 as compared to 2020, assuming that weather patterns in 2021 are similar to those experienced in 2020. SCE may be subject to mandated changes to, or restrictions on, its operational PSPS practices, regulatory fines and penalties, claims for damages and reputational harm if 

44

SCE does not execute PSPS in compliance with applicable rules and regulations or if it is determined that SCE has placed excessive reliance on PSPS.

SCE establishes the criteria under which it implements PSPS in its territory. To the extent SCE's criteria for implementing PSPS are not sufficient to mitigate the risk of wildfires during high wind events, SCE does not fully implement PSPS when criteria are met due to other overriding conditions or SCE's regulators or others mandate changes to, or restrictions on, its criteria or other operational PSPS practices, SCE will face a higher likelihood of catastrophic wildfires in its territory during high wind events.

For more information on AB 1054, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides—Recovery of Wildfire-Related Costs—2019 Wildfire Legislation."

SCE will not benefit from all of the features of AB 1054 if the Wildfire Insurance Fund is exhausted.

Catastrophic wildfires could rapidly exhaust the Wildfire Insurance Fund and SCE will not be reimbursed by the Wildfire Insurance Fund or benefit from the AB 1054 Liability Cap if the fund has been exhausted as a result of damage claims previously incurred by SCE or the other participating utilities. 

For more information on AB 1054, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides—Recovery of Wildfire-Related Costs—2019 Wildfire Legislation."

There are inherent risks associated with owning and decommissioning nuclear power generating facilities and obtaining cost reimbursement, including, among other things, insufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust funds, costs exceeding current estimates, execution risks, potential harmful effects on the environment and human health and the hazards of storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials. Existing insurance and ratemaking arrangements may not protect SCE fully against losses from a nuclear incident. 

SCE funds decommissioning costs with assets that are currently held in nuclear decommissioning trusts. Based on current decommissioning cost estimates, SCE believes that further contributions to the nuclear decommissioning trusts' assets may be required to pay the costs of decommissioning. If additional contributions to the nuclear decommissioning trust funds become necessary, recovery of any such additional funds through electric rates is subject to the CPUC's review and approval.

The costs of decommissioning San Onofre are subject to reasonableness reviews by the CPUC. These costs may not be recoverable through regulatory processes or otherwise unless SCE can establish that the costs were reasonably incurred. In addition, SCE faces inherent execution risks including such matters as the risks of human performance, workforce capabilities, public opposition, permitting delays, and governmental approvals. Decommissioning costs ultimately incurred could exceed the current estimates and cost increases resulting from contractual disputes or significant permitting delays, among other things, could cause SCE to materially overrun current decommissioning cost estimates and could materially impact the sufficiency of trust funds. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Decommissioning of San Onofre" in the MD&A.

Even though San Onofre is being decommissioned, the presence of spent nuclear fuel still poses a potential risk of a nuclear incident. Federal law limits public liability claims from a nuclear incident to the amount of available financial protection, which is currently approximately $13.8 billion for Palo Verde and $560 million for San Onofre. SCE and other owners of San Onofre and Palo Verde have purchased the maximum private primary insurance available of $450 million per site. In the case of San Onofre, the balance is covered by a US Government indemnity. In the case of Palo Verde, the balance is covered by a loss sharing program among nuclear reactor licensees. There is no assurance that the CPUC would allow SCE to recover the required contribution made pursuant to this loss sharing program in the case of one or more nuclear incidents with claims that exceeded $450 million at a nuclear reactor which is participating in the program. If this public liability limit of $13.8 billion is insufficient, federal law contemplates that additional funds may be appropriated by Congress. There can be no assurance of SCE's ability to recover uninsured costs in the event the additional federal appropriations are insufficient. For more information on nuclear insurance risk, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Nuclear Insurance."

SCE's anticipated new customer service system is subject to implementation and cost-recovery risks that could materially affect SCE's business and financial condition.

SCE is currently testing a new customer service system that it anticipates implementing in the second quarter of 2021. If the customer service system does not function as intended upon implementation, SCE could experience, among other things, 

45

delayed or inaccurate customer bills that lead to over- or under- collections and other customer service concerns or degradation. Further, the process of implementing new technologies like the new customer service system represents opportunity for cybersecurity attacks on SCE's information systems, which could lead to sensitive confidential personal and other data being compromised. Customer service degradation or the compromise of sensitive confidential personal and other data could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, material financial loss to SCE or to its customers, customer dissatisfaction, loss of confidence in SCE's security measures, and significant litigation and/or regulatory exposure, all of which could materially affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations and materially damage the business reputation of Edison International and SCE.

The expected cost of the new customer service system is significantly higher than SCE had originally projected. If the CPUC determines that any costs incurred by SCE to design, build, test and implement the customer service system were not reasonably or prudently incurred, SCE will not be able to recover such costs through electric rates.

Climate change exacerbated weather-related incidents and other natural disasters could materially affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations.

Weather-related incidents, including storms and events caused, or exacerbated, by climate change, such as wildfires and debris flows, and other natural disasters such as earthquakes can disrupt the generation and transmission of electricity, and can seriously damage the infrastructure necessary to deliver power to SCE's customers.

Climate change has caused, and exacerbated, extreme weather events and wildfires in southern California, and wildfires could cause, among other things, public safety issues, property damage and operational issues. In addition, the risk of debris flows occurring as a result of rain may be heightened. For example, the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events resulted in, among other things, loss of life, property damage and loss of service. For more information on the impact of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events on SCE and Edison International, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides."

Extreme heat events can lead to prolonged widespread outages due to, among other things, rotating outages or equipment failure. Extreme weather events can also lead to use of PSPS. Earthquakes and weather-related events, such as debris flows and melting of significantly higher than normal snow pack, can cause over-topping or failure at an SCE dam resulting in a rapid release of water that could cause, among other things, public safety issues, property damage and operational issues.

Weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can lead to lost revenue and increased expense, including higher maintenance and repair costs, which SCE may not be able to recover from its customers. These incidents can also result in regulatory penalties and disallowances, particularly if SCE encounters difficulties in restoring power to its customers on a timely basis or if fire-related losses are found to be the result of utility practices and/or the failure of electric and other utility equipment. In addition, these occurrences could lead to significant claims for damages, including for loss of life and property damage. These occurrences could materially affect SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations, and the inability to restore power to SCE's customers could also materially damage the business reputation of SCE and Edison International.

The generation, transmission and distribution of electricity are hazardous and involve inherent risks of damage to private property and injury to employees and the general public.

Electricity poses hazards for employees and the general public should they come in contact with electrical current or equipment, including through energized downed power lines or if equipment malfunctions. In addition, the risks associated with the operation of transmission and distribution assets and power generating facilities include public and employee safety issues and the risk of utility assets causing or contributing to wildfires.

Injuries and property damage caused by such events can subject SCE to liability that, despite the existence of insurance coverage, can be significant. No assurance can be given that future losses will not exceed the limits of SCE's or its contractors' insurance coverage. The CPUC has increased its focus on public safety with an emphasis on heightened compliance with construction and operating standards and the potential for penalties being imposed on utilities. Additionally, the CPUC has delegated to its staff the authority to issue citations to electric utilities, which can impose fines of up to $100,000 per violation per day (capped at a maximum of $8 million), pursuant to the CPUC's jurisdiction for violations of safety rules found in statutes, regulations, and the CPUC's General Orders. The CPUC also can issue fines greater than $8 million outside of the citation program. Such penalties and liabilities could be significant and materially affect SCE's liquidity and results of operations.

46

SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected if it is unable to successfully manage the risks inherent in operating and maintaining its facilities.

SCE's infrastructure is aging and could pose a risk to system reliability. In addition, as described above, wildfires in SCE's service territory can cause significant public safety issues, property damage and operational issues. In order to mitigate these risks, SCE is engaged in a significant and ongoing infrastructure investment program. This substantial investment program elevates operational risks and the need for superior execution in SCE's activities. SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected if it is unable to successfully manage these risks as well as the risks inherent in operating and maintaining its facilities, the operation of which can be hazardous. SCE's inherent operating risks include such matters as the risks of human performance, workforce capabilities, data and records accuracy, public opposition to infrastructure projects, delays, environmental remediation and mitigation costs, difficulty in estimating costs or in recovering costs that are above original estimates, system limitations and degradation, maintaining physical security of workforce and assets, and interruptions in necessary supplies.

SCE's distribution of water and propane gas on Catalina Island involves inherent risks of damage to private property and the environment and injury to employees and the general public.

SCE owns and operates the water distribution system that serves Catalina Island, California and a propane gas distribution system that serves the City of Avalon on Catalina Island, California. Production, storage, treatment and distribution of water for human use and the transportation, storage, distribution and use of gas can be hazardous, and can cause damage to private property and the environment and injury to employees and the general public if equipment fails or does not perform as anticipated. For example, the risks of operating a water distribution system include the potential for burst pipes and water contamination and the risks of operating gas distribution system include the potential for gas leaks, fire or explosion. The risks related to SCE's operation of its water distribution system may be exacerbated due to aging infrastructure. In addition, SCE may have to pay fines, penalties and remediation costs if it does not comply with laws and regulations in the operation of the water and gas distribution systems. An inability to recover costs associated with any such damages or injuries or any fines, penalties or remediation costs, from insurance or through rate payers, could materially affect SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations.

Financing Risks

As a capital-intensive company, SCE relies on access to the capital markets. If SCE were unable to access the capital markets or the cost of financing were to substantially increase, its liquidity and operations could be materially affected.

SCE regularly accesses the capital markets to finance its activities and is expected to do so by its regulators as part of its obligation to serve as a regulated utility. SCE's needs for capital for its ongoing infrastructure investment program are substantial. SCE's ability to obtain financing, as well as its ability to refinance debt and make scheduled payments of principal and interest, are dependent on numerous factors, including SCE's levels of indebtedness, maintenance of acceptable credit ratings, financial performance, liquidity and cash flow, and other market conditions. In addition, the actions of other California investor-owned utilities and legal, regulatory and legislative decisions impacting investor-owned utilities can affect market conditions and therefore, SCE's ability to obtain financing. SCE's inability to obtain additional capital from time to time could have a material effect on SCE's liquidity and operations.

Competitive and Market Risks

SCE's inability to effectively and timely respond to the changes that the electricity industry is undergoing, as a result of increased competition, technological advances, and changes to the regulatory environment, could materially impact SCE's business model, financial condition and results of operations.

Customers and third parties are increasingly deploying DERs, such as solar generation, energy storage, energy efficiency and demand response technologies. California's environmental policy objectives are accelerating the pace and scope of industry change. This change will require modernization of the electric distribution grid to, among other things, accommodate two-way flows of electricity and increase the grid's capacity to interconnect DERs. In addition, enabling California's clean energy economy goals will require sustained investments in grid modernization, renewable integration projects, energy efficiency programs, energy storage options and electric vehicle infrastructures. If SCE is unable to effectively adapt to these changes, its business model, its ability to execute on its strategy, and ultimately its financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted.

Customer-owned generation and load departures to CCAs or Electric Service Providers each reduce the amount of electricity that customers purchase from utilities and have the effect of increasing utility rates unless customer rates are designed to allocate the costs of the distribution grid across all customers that benefit from its use. For example, some customers in 

47

California who generate their own power are not currently required to pay all transmission and distribution charges and non-bypassable charges, subject to limitations, which results in increased utility rates for those customers who do not own their generation. If regulations aren't changed such that customers pay their share of transmission and distribution charges and non-bypassable charges or the demand for electricity reduces so significantly that SCE is no longer effectively able to recover such charges from its customers, SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially impacted.

In addition, the FERC has opened transmission development to competition from independent developers, allowing such developers to compete with incumbent utilities for the construction and operation of transmission facilities.

For more information. See "Business—SCE—Competition."

Cybersecurity and Physical Security Risks

SCE's systems and network infrastructure are targets for physical and cyber attacks, intrusions or other catastrophic events that could result in their failure or reduced functionality.

Regulators such as NERC and U.S. Government agencies, including the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security and Energy, have increasingly stressed that threat sources continue to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the U.S. national electric grid and other energy infrastructures, and that such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber, are highly sophisticated and dynamic. In 2020, several U.S. Government agencies have highlighted the increasing risks related to ransomware attacks and cybersecurity risks related to the electric sector, including its supply chains.

SCE's operations require the continuous availability of critical information technology systems, sensitive customer and employee data and network infrastructure and information, all of which are targets for malicious actors. New cyber and physical threats arise as SCE moves from an analog to a digital electric grid. For example, SCE's grid modernization efforts and the move to a network-connected grid increases the number of "threat surfaces" and potential vulnerabilities that an adversary can target.

SCE depends on a wide array of vendors to provide it with services and equipment. Malicious actors may attack vendors to disrupt the services they provide to SCE, or to use those vendors as a cyber conduit to attack SCE. Additionally, the equipment and material provided by SCE's vendors may contain cyber vulnerabilities. A compromise of equipment and/or exfiltration of SCE data, whether by physical or by electronic means, could result in loss or changes to confidential or sensitive electronic data, loss of intellectual property and interruption of business processes. While some of SCE's vendors have experienced cybersecurity incidents, such incidents have not, to SCE’s knowledge, resulted in a material impact to SCE to date.

SCE's systems have experienced, and will continue to experience, cybersecurity incidents involving attacks of malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and other illicit activities, but to SCE's knowledge it has not experienced a material cybersecurity or data breach to date. Though SCE actively monitors developments in this area and is involved in various industry groups and government initiatives, no security measures can completely shield its systems and infrastructure from cyber attacks, intrusions or other catastrophic events that could result in their failure or reduced functionality.

If SCE's information technology and operational technology systems' security measures were to be breached, or a critical system failure were to occur without timely recovery, SCE could be unable to fulfill critical business functions, such as delivery of electricity to customers, and/or sensitive confidential personal and other data could be compromised, which could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, material financial loss to SCE or to its customers, loss of confidence in SCE's security measures, customer dissatisfaction, and significant litigation and/or regulatory exposure, all of which could materially affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations and materially damage the business reputation of Edison International and SCE. 

RISKS RELATING TO EDISON INTERNATIONAL AND SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY

Edison International's and SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted by events, like the COVID-19 pandemic, that cause significant disruption to economies, societies or workforces on a regional, statewide, national or global basis.

Edison International and SCE could be materially and adversely impacted by events, such as the widespread outbreak of a communicable disease, that result in, among other things, significant disruption to economies, societies or workforces on a regional, statewide, national or global basis. The global spread of COVID-19, which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, has created significant uncertainty, volatility and disruption globally and has impacted the operations of Edison International and SCE. The total impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on Edison International and 

48

SCE are still emerging, and the extent to which the pandemic affects Edison International's and SCE's business, operations, cash flows, liquidity and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that Edison International and SCE are unable to accurately predict at this time, including, without limitation: the duration and scope of the pandemic; the availability, efficacy and use of vaccinations, governmental, business and individual actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity; and the impact of the pandemic on Edison International's and SCE's employees, customers, contractors, insurers and service providers.

Many of the risks and uncertainties identified in this Form 10-K are, and will be, exacerbated by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions being taken by governmental entities, businesses, individuals and others in response to the pandemic. Some examples follow. Similar to other companies in California, a large portion of Edison International's and SCE's workforce, including employees of their contractors, may be unable to perform their job functions effectively due to illness, family illness, quarantine requirements, social-distancing, telework requirements and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, as a result of actions being taken in response to the pandemic, SCE's supply chains have faced constraints and SCE has faced challenges from local permitting authorities. If a significant portion of SCE's workforce cannot effectively perform their job functions, SCE is unable to procure required materials, SCE does not timely obtain any required permits and/or local authorities prohibit SCE from conducting previously permitted work, SCE will likely be unable to effectively and timely complete planned work and projects, including its WMP and capital projects. Further, SCE may be unable to effectively execute its PSPS program due to, among other things, requests from local and State authorities not to shut off the power during the pandemic, and thereby may increase the risk of SCE equipment being associated with the ignition of wildfires.

In addition, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on SCE's customers and third parties could also result in SCE facing, among other things, significant reductions in demand for electricity and payment delays and/or defaults from customers which could result in significant under-collections. Edison International and SCE could also face payment delays and/or defaults from insurers and other counterparties. Furthermore, capital markets were impacted by the pandemic in early 2020 and, at the time, this did increase Edison International's and SCE's costs of accessing those markets. Edison International's and SCE's access to the bank and capital markets could also be constrained and/or the costs of accessing those markets could increase as a result of the pandemic, including if Edison International's and/or SCE's credit ratings are downgraded, or placed on negative watch due to concerns about Edison International and/or SCE's financial health as a result of the impacts of the pandemic. SCE may also incur significant incremental costs as a result of actions it is taking in response to the pandemic, including costs being incurred to maintain its operations and assist its employees who are required to telework or are otherwise impacted by the pandemic. SCE could also face delays in important legal and regulatory proceedings. These impacts, among others, could materially and adversely impact Edison International's and SCE's business, operations, cash flows, liquidity and financial results.

For more information on see "Management Overview—COVID-19" in the MD&A.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Information responding to this section is included in the MD&A under the heading "Market Risk Exposures."

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

49

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Edison International

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Edison International and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020, including the related notes and schedules of condensed financial information of parent as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020 and valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020 appearing under Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control - Integrated Framework 
(2013)

issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control - Integrated Framework 
(2013) issued by the COSO.

Change in Accounting Principle

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2019.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 

50

company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Contingent Liability - Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides

As described in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Thomas Fire, the Koenigstein Fire, the Montecito Mudslides and the Woolsey Fire (collectively, the "2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events") within the Company's service territory caused loss of life, substantial damage to both residential and business properties, and service outages for SCE customers in the Santa Barbara, Ventura, and Los Angeles Counties. Based on information available to management and consideration of the risks associated with litigation, management expects to incur a material loss in connection with the remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The Company is named as a defendant in multiple lawsuits filed related to both the wildfires and mudslides. Final determinations of liability for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, including determinations of whether the Company was negligent, would only be made during lengthy and complex litigation processes. Even when investigations are still pending or liability is disputed, an assessment of likely outcomes, including through future settlement of disputed claims, may require estimated losses to be accrued under accounting standards. As of December 31, 2020, management had paid $1.8 billion in settlements and had estimated losses of $4.4 billion, consisting of $2.2 billion subject to settlements executed after December 31, 2020 and $2.2 billion for remaining alleged and potential claims, and assets for remaining expected recoveries from insurance of $708 million and through FERC electric rates of $89 million related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. Each reporting period, management reviews its loss estimates for remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The process for estimating losses associated with alleged and potential wildfire related-claims requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors, including, but not limited to: estimates of known and expected claims by third parties based on currently available information, opinions of counsel regarding litigation risk, the status of and developments in the course of litigation, and prior experience litigating and settling wildfire litigation claims. In the third quarter of 2020, Edison International and SCE entered into an agreement (the "TKM Subrogation Settlement") under which all of the insurance subrogation plaintiffs' in the Thomas Fire, Koenigstein Fire and Montecito Mudslides litigation collective claims arising from the Thomas Fire, Koenigstein Fire or Montecito Mudslides have been resolved for a settlement amount of $1.2 billion. In January 2021, Edison International and SCE entered into an agreement (the "Woolsey Subrogation Settlement") under which all of the insurance subrogation plaintiffs' in the Woolsey Fire litigation collective claims arising from the Woolsey Fire have been resolved for a settlement amount of $2.2 billion. SCE has also entered into settlements with approximately one thousand individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation. In 2020 SCE entered into settlements with individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation under which it agreed to pay an aggregate of approximately $300 million to those individual plaintiffs. In light of the TKM Subrogation Settlement and increased settlement activity with individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide events litigation, management established a best estimate of expected potential losses for alleged and potential claims. As a result, management recorded a charge of $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2020 related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events and expected recoveries through FERC electric rates of $84 million. The resulting net pre-tax charge to earnings was $1.2 billion. 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events contingent liability is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when determining the probability of a loss being incurred and the best estimate of expected potential loss for these contingencies related to assumptions and subjective factors based on currently available information and assessments, opinions regarding litigation risk, and prior experience with litigating and settling other wildfire cases. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's conclusion related to these loss contingencies. 

51

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's evaluation of loss contingencies associated with wildfires and mudslides. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining and evaluating the letters of audit inquiry with internal and external legal counsel, assessing the reasonableness of management's assessment regarding whether it is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable that a loss has been incurred, evaluating the assumptions and methods used by management in developing the best estimate of expected potential losses, including currently available information and assessments, opinions regarding litigation risk, and prior experience with litigating and settling other wildfire cases, and testing damage claim settlements. When assessing the assumptions related to the best estimate of expected potential losses, the assumptions used were evaluated for reasonableness considering (i) past wildfire litigation history, and (ii) third-party source data.

Recoverability of Regulatory Assets That Are Not Currently Reflected In Rates

As described in Notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, including the accounting principles for rate-regulated enterprises, which reflect the ratemaking policies of the California Public Utility Commission ("CPUC") and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC"). Management applies authoritative guidance for rate-regulated enterprises to the portion of its operations in which regulators set rates at levels intended to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investments in assets, or rate base. Regulators may also impose certain penalties or grant certain incentives. Due to timing and other differences in the collection of electric utility revenue, these accounting principles require an incurred cost that would otherwise be charged to expense by a non-regulated entity to be capitalized as a regulatory asset if it is probable that the cost is recoverable through future rates. As disclosed by management, management assesses at the end of each reporting period whether regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as the current regulatory environment, the issuance of rate orders on recovery of the specific or a similar incurred cost of the Company or other rate-regulated entities, and other factors that would indicate that the regulator will treat an incurred cost as allowable for ratemaking purposes. As of December 31, 2020, $1.6 billion recorded in wildfire and drought restoration accounts, wildfire-related memorandum accounts, and COVID-19 related memorandum accounts represent wildfire, drought restoration and COVID-19 costs that are probable of future recovery from customers.

The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company's recoverability of regulatory assets that are not currently reflected in rates is a critical audit matter is the significant judgment by management in determining the costs probable of recovery and reported as an asset on the balance sheet. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's assessment of the recoverability of regulatory assets not currently reflected in rates.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company's regulatory accounting process, including controls over management's assessment of the probability of recovering regulatory assets not currently reflected in rates. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining the Company's correspondence with regulators, evaluating management's assessment regarding the probability of recovery of the regulatory assets at the balance sheet date, evaluating the accounting and disclosure implications, and calculating regulatory assets balances based on provisions outlined in the rate orders. This evidence included reference to historical precedence of similar items and accounting treatment utilized by comparable companies under similar regulatory jurisdictions as well as evaluating progress in discussions between management and the regulator.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

Los Angeles, California

February 25, 2021

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002.

52

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To

the

Board of Directors and Shareholders of Southern California Edison Company

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Southern California Edison Company and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020 appearing under Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Change in Accounting Principle

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2019.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Contingent Liability - Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides

As described in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Thomas Fire, the Koenigstein Fire, the Montecito Mudslides and the Woolsey Fire (collectively, the "2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events") within the Company's service territory caused loss of life, substantial damage to both residential and business properties, and service outages for SCE customers in the Santa Barbara, Ventura, and Los Angeles Counties. Based on information available to management and consideration of the risks associated with litigation, management expects to incur a material loss in connection with the remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The Company is named as a defendant in multiple lawsuits filed related to both the wildfires and mudslides. Final determinations of liability for the 

53

2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, including determinations of whether the Company was negligent, would only be made during lengthy and complex litigation processes. Even when investigations are still pending or liability is disputed, an assessment of likely outcomes, including through future settlement of disputed claims, may require estimated losses to be accrued under accounting standards. As of December 31, 2020, management had paid $1.8 billion in settlements and had estimated losses of $4.4 billion, consisting of $2.2 billion subject to settlements executed after December 31, 2020 and $2.2 billion for remaining alleged and potential claims, and assets for remaining expected recoveries from insurance of $708 million and through FERC electric rates of $89 million related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. Each reporting period, management reviews its loss estimates for remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The process for estimating losses associated with alleged and potential wildfire related-claims requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors, including, but not limited to: estimates of known and expected claims by third parties based on currently available information, opinions of counsel regarding litigation risk, the status of and developments in the course of litigation, and prior experience litigating and settling wildfire litigation claims. In the third quarter of 2020, Edison International and SCE entered into an agreement (the "TKM Subrogation Settlement") under which all of the insurance subrogation plaintiffs' in the Thomas Fire, Koenigstein Fire and Montecito Mudslides litigation collective claims arising from the Thomas Fire, Koenigstein Fire or Montecito Mudslides have been resolved for a settlement amount of $1.2 billion. In January 2021, Edison International and SCE entered into an agreement (the "Woolsey Subrogation Settlement") under which all of the insurance subrogation plaintiffs' in the Woolsey Fire litigation collective claims arising from the Woolsey fire have been resolved for a settlement amount of $2.2 billion. SCE has also entered into settlements with approximately one thousand individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation. In 2020 SCE entered into settlements with individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation under which it agreed to pay an aggregate of approximately $300 million to those individual plaintiffs. In light of the TKM Subrogation Settlement and increased settlement activity with individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide events litigation, management established a best estimate of expected potential losses for alleged and potential claims. As a result, management recorded a charge of $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2020 related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events and expected recoveries through FERC electric rates of $84 million. The resulting net pre-tax charge to earnings was $1.2 billion.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events contingent liability is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when determining the probability of a loss being incurred and the best estimate of expected potential loss for these contingencies related to assumptions and subjective factors based on currently available information and assessments, opinions regarding litigation risk, and prior experience with litigating and settling other wildfire cases. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's conclusion related to these loss contingencies.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's evaluation of loss contingencies associated with wildfires and mudslides. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining and evaluating the letters of audit inquiry with internal and external legal counsel, assessing the reasonableness of management's assessment regarding whether it is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable that a loss has been incurred, evaluating the assumptions and methods used by management in developing the best estimate of expected potential losses, including currently available information and assessments, opinions regarding litigation risk, and prior experience with litigating and settling other wildfire cases, and testing damage claim settlements. When assessing the assumptions related to the best estimate of expected potential losses, the assumptions used were evaluated for reasonableness considering (i) past wildfire litigation history, and (ii) third-party source data.

Recoverability of Regulatory Assets That Are Not Currently Reflected In Rates

As described in Notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, including the accounting principles for rate-regulated enterprises, which reflect the ratemaking policies of the California Public Utility Commission ("CPUC") and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC"). Management applies authoritative guidance for rate-regulated enterprises to the portion of its operations in which regulators set rates at levels intended to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investments in assets, or rate base. Regulators may also impose certain penalties or grant certain incentives. Due to timing and other differences in the collection of electric utility revenue, these accounting principles require an incurred cost that would otherwise be charged to expense by a non-regulated entity to be capitalized as a regulatory asset if it is probable that the cost is recoverable through future rates. As disclosed by management, management assesses at the end of each reporting period whether regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as the current regulatory environment, the issuance of rate orders on recovery of the specific or a similar incurred cost of the Company or other rate-regulated entities, and other factors that would indicate that the regulator will treat an incurred cost as allowable for 

54

ratemaking purposes. As of December 31, 2020 $1.6 billion recorded in wildfire and drought restoration accounts, wildfire-related memorandum accounts, and COVID-19 related memorandum accounts represent wildfire, drought restoration and COVID-19 costs that are probable of future recovery from customers.

The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company's recoverability of regulatory assets that are not currently reflected in rates is a critical audit matter is the significant judgment by management in determining the costs probable of recovery and reported as an asset on the balance sheet. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's assessment of the recoverability of regulatory assets not currently reflected in rates.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company's regulatory accounting process, including controls over management's assessment of the probability of recovering regulatory assets not currently reflected in rates. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining the Company's correspondence with regulators, evaluating management's assessment regarding the probability of recovery of the regulatory assets at the balance sheet date, evaluating the accounting and disclosure implications, and calculating regulatory assets balances based on provisions outlined in the rate orders. This evidence included reference to historical precedence of similar items and accounting treatment utilized by comparable companies under similar regulatory jurisdictions as well as evaluating progress in discussions between management and the regulator.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

Los Angeles, California

February 25, 2021

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002.

55

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Consolidated Statements of Income

Edison International

Years ended December 31,

(in millions, except per share amounts)

2020

2019

2018

Total operating revenue

$

13,578 

$

12,347 

$

12,657 

Purchased power and fuel

4,932 

4,839 

5,406 

Operation and maintenance

3,609 

3,018 

2,797 

Wildfire-related claims, net of insurance recoveries

1,328 

255 

2,669 

Wildfire Insurance Fund expense

336 

152 

— 

Depreciation and amortization

1,967 

1,730 

1,871 

Property and other taxes

438 

399 

395 

Impairment and other (income) expense 

(116)

184 

78 

Gain on sale of lease interest and other operating income

(133)

(5)

(7)

Total operating expenses

12,361 

10,572 

13,209 

Operating income (loss)

1,217 

1,775 

(552)

Interest expense

(902)

(841)

(734)

Other income

251 

193 

197 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

566 

1,127 

(1,089)

Income tax benefit

(305)

(278)

(739)

Income (loss) from continuing operations

871 

1,405 

(350)

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax

— 

— 

34 

Net income (loss)

871 

1,405 

(316)

Preferred and preference stock dividend requirements of SCE

132 

121 

121 

Other noncontrolling interests

— 

— 

(14)

Net income (loss) attributable to Edison International common shareholders

$

739 

$

1,284 

$

(423)

Amounts attributable to Edison International common shareholders:

Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax

$

739 

$

1,284 

$

(457)

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax

— 

— 

34 

Net income (loss) attributable to Edison International common shareholders

$

739 

$

1,284 

$

(423)

Basic earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Edison International

common shareholders:

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding

373 

340 

326 

Continuing operations

$

1.98 

$

3.78 

$

(1.40)

Discontinued operations

— 

— 

0.10 

Total

$

1.98 

$

3.78 

$

(1.30)

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share attributable to Edison

International common shareholders:

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, including effect of

dilutive securities

374 

341 

326 

Continuing operations

$

1.98 

$

3.77 

$

(1.40)

Discontinued operations

— 

— 

0.10 

Total

$

1.98 

$

3.77 

$

(1.30)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

56

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

Edison International

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

Net income (loss)

$

871 

$

1,405 

$

(316)

Other comprehensive income, net of tax:

Pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions:

Net loss arising during period plus amortization of net loss included in net income

— 

(9)

(3)

Other

— 

— 

(4)

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

— 

(9)

(7)

Comprehensive income (loss)

871 

1,396 

(323)

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests

132 

121 

107 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Edison International

$

739 

$

1,275 

$

(430)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

57

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Edison International

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

$

87 

$

68 

Receivables, less allowances of $188 and $
50 for uncollectible accounts at respective dates

1,130 

788 

Accrued unbilled revenue

521 

488 

Inventory

405 

364 

Insurance receivable

708 

— 

Income tax receivables

68 

118 

Prepaid expenses

281 

214 

Regulatory assets

1,314 

1,009 

Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions

323 

323 

Other current assets

224 

188 

Total current assets

5,061 

3,560 

Nuclear decommissioning trusts

4,833 

4,562 

Other investments

53 

64 

Total investments

4,886 

4,626 

Utility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation and amortization of $10,681 and $
9,958 at respective dates

47,653 

44,198 

Nonutility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation of $94 and $
86 at respective dates

186 

87 

Total property, plant and equipment

47,839 

44,285 

Regulatory assets

7,120 

6,088 

Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions

2,443 

2,767 

Operating lease right-of-use assets

1,088 

693 

Long-term insurance receivables

75 

1,715 

Other long-term assets

860 

648 

Total long-term assets

11,586 

11,911 

Total assets

$

69,372 

$

64,382 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

58

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Edison International

December 31,

(in millions, except share amounts)

2020

2019

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Short-term debt

$

2,398 

$

550 

Current portion of long-term debt

1,029 

479 

Accounts payable

1,980 

1,752 

Customer deposits

243 

302 

Regulatory liabilities

569 

972 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

215 

80 

Wildfire-related claims

2,231

— 

Other current liabilities

1,612 

1,388 

Total current liabilities

10,277 

5,523 

Long-term debt

19,632 

17,864 

Deferred income taxes and credits

5,368 

5,078 

Pensions and benefits

563 

674 

Asset retirement obligations

2,930 

3,029 

Regulatory liabilities

8,589 

8,385 

Operating lease liabilities

873 

613 

Wildfire-related claims

2,281

4,568 

Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities

2,910 

3,152 

Total deferred credits and other liabilities

23,514 

25,499 

Total liabilities

53,423 

48,886 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)

Common stock, no
 par value (
800,000,000
 shares authorized; 
378,907,147
 and 
361,985,133
 shares issued and outstanding at respective dates)

5,962 

4,990 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(69)

(69)

Retained earnings

8,155 

8,382 

Total Edison International's common shareholders' equity

14,048 

13,303 

Noncontrolling interests – preferred and preference stock of SCE

1,901 

2,193 

Total equity

15,949 

15,496 

Total liabilities and equity

$

69,372 

$

64,382 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

59

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Edison International

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income (loss)

$

871 

$

1,405 

$

(316)

Less: Income from discontinued operations

— 

— 

34 

Income (loss) from continuing operations

871 

1,405 

(350)

Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

2,029 

1,803 

1,940 

Allowance for equity during construction

(121)

(101)

(104)

Impairment and other (income) expense

(116)

184 

78 

Gain on sale of lease interest and other operating income

(133)

(5)

(7)

Deferred income taxes 

(296)

(284)

(527)

Wildfire Insurance Fund amortization expense

336 

152 

— 

Other

36 

34 

42 

Nuclear decommissioning trusts

(197)

(106)

(109)

Contributions to Wildfire Insurance Fund

(95)

(2,457)

— 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Receivables

(283)

(76)

(39)

Inventory

(43)

(83)

(49)

Accounts payable

87 

288 

(31)

Tax receivables and payables

113 

88 

32 

Other current assets and liabilities

4 

(13)

(79)

Regulatory assets and liabilities, net

(1,799)

(1,278)

(92)

Wildfire-related insurance receivable

932 

285 

(2,000)

Wildfire-related claims

(56)

(101)

4,669 

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities

(6)

(42)

(197)

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

1,263 

(307)

3,177 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Long-term debt issued, plus premium and net of discount and issuance costs of $23, $(
4) and $(
63) for the respective years

3,073 

3,696 

3,237 

Long-term debt repaid or repurchased

(1,099)

(82)

(654)

Short-term debt borrowed

2,994 

1,750 

— 

Short-term debt repaid

(1,126)

(1,750)

— 

Common stock issued

912 

2,391 

— 

Preferred and preference stock redeemed

(308)

— 

— 

Commercial paper and other short-term borrowing (repayments), net

304 

(172)

(1,611)

Dividends and distribution to noncontrolling interests

(118)

(121)

(121)

Dividends paid

(928)

(810)

(788)

Other

23 

1 

19 

Net cash provided by financing activities

3,727 

4,903 

82 

Cash flows from investing activities:

Capital expenditures

(5,484)

(4,877)

(4,509)

Proceeds from sale of nuclear decommissioning trust investments

5,927 

4,389 

4,340 

Purchases of nuclear decommissioning trust investments 

(5,730)

(4,283)

(4,231)

Proceeds from sale of San Onofre nuclear fuel

158 

11 

3 

Proceeds from sale of lease investment

132 

— 

— 

Other

26 

82 

158 

Net cash used in investing activities

(4,971)

(4,678)

(4,239)

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

19 

(82)

(980)

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year

70 

152 

1,132 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year

$

89 

$

70 

$

152 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

60

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

Edison International

Equity Attributable to Common Shareholders

Noncontrolling Interests

(in millions, except per share amounts)

CommonStock

AccumulatedOther
Comprehensive
Loss

RetainedEarnings

Subtotal

Other

Preferredand
Preference
Stock

TotalEquity

Balance at December 31, 2017

$

2,526 

$

(43)

$

9,188 

$

11,671 

$

2 

$

2,193 

$

13,866 

Net loss (income)

— 

— 

(423)

(423)

(11)

121 

(313)

Other comprehensive loss

— 

(2)

— 

(2)

— 

— 

(2)

Cumulative effect of accounting changes

— 

(5)

10 

5 

— 

— 

5 

Contribution from tax equity investor

— 

— 

— 

— 

24 

— 

24 

Common stock dividends declared ($2.4275 per share)

— 

— 

(791)

(791)

— 

— 

(791)

Dividends to noncontrolling interests ($1.020 - $
1.195 per share for preferred stock; $
62.500 - $
143.750 per share for preference stock)

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

(121)

(121)

Stock-based compensation

— 

— 

(20)

(20)

— 

— 

(20)

Noncash stock-based compensation

19 

— 

— 

19 

— 

— 

19 

Deconsolidation of SoCore Energy

— 

— 

— 

— 

(15)

— 

(15)

Balance at December 31, 2018

$

2,545 

$

(50)

$

7,964 

$

10,459 

$

— 

$

2,193 

$

12,652 

Net income

— 

— 

1,284 

1,284 

— 

121 

1,405 

Other comprehensive loss

— 

(9)

— 

(9)

— 

— 

(9)

Cumulative effect of accounting changes

— 

(10)

10 

— 

— 

— 

— 

Common stock issued, net of issuance cost 

2,421 

— 

— 

2,421 

— 

— 

2,421 

Common stock dividends declared ($2.4750 per share)

— 

— 

(849)

(849)

— 

— 

(849)

Dividends to noncontrolling interests ($1.020 - $
1.195 per share for preferred stock; $
62.500 - $
143.750 per share for preference stock)

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

(121)

(121)

Stock-based compensation

— 

— 

(27)

(27)

— 

— 

(27)

Noncash stock-based compensation

24 

— 

— 

24 

— 

— 

24 

Balance at December 31, 2019

$

4,990 

$

(69)

$

8,382 

$

13,303 

$

— 

$

2,193 

$

15,496 

Net income

— 

— 

739 

739 

— 

132 

871 

Common stock issued, net of issuance cost (Note 14)

942 

— 

— 

942 

— 

— 

942 

Common stock dividends declared ($2.5750 per share)

— 

— 

(965)

(965)

— 

— 

(965)

Dividends to noncontrolling interests ($0.757 - $
0.886 per share for preferred stock; $
62.500 - $
143.750 per share for preference stock)

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

(117)

(117)

Noncash stock-based compensation and other

30 

— 

(1)

29 

— 

1 

30 

Redemption of preferred and preference stock

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

(308)

(308)

Balance at December 31, 2020

$

5,962 

$

(69)

$

8,155 

$

14,048 

$

— 

$

1,901 

$

15,949 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

61

(This page has been left blank intentionally.)

62

Consolidated Statements of Income

Southern California Edison Company

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

Operating revenue

$

13,546 

$

12,306 

$

12,611 

Purchased power and fuel

4,932 

4,839 

5,406 

Operation and maintenance

3,523 

2,936 

2,702 

Wildfire-related claims, net of insurance recoveries

1,328 

255 

2,669 

Wildfire Insurance Fund expense

336 

152 

— 

Depreciation and amortization

1,965 

1,728 

1,867 

Property and other taxes

435 

396 

392 

Impairment and other (income) expense

(150)

159 

(12)

Other operating income

(1)

(4)

(7)

Total operating expenses

12,368 

10,461 

13,017 

Operating income (loss)

1,178 

1,845 

(406)

Interest expense

(768)

(739)

(673)

Other income

255 

195 

194 

Income (loss) before taxes

665 

1,301 

(885)

Income tax benefit

(277)

(229)

(696)

Net income (loss)

942 

1,530 

(189)

Less: Preferred and preference stock dividend requirements

132 

121 

121 

Net income (loss) available for common stock

$

810 

$

1,409 

$

(310)

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

Net income (loss)

$

942 

$

1,530 

$

(189)

Other comprehensive income, net of tax:

Pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions:

Net loss arising during period plus amortization of net loss included in net income

(2)

(11)

1 

Other

— 

— 

(5)

Other comprehensive loss, net of tax

(2)

(11)

(4)

Comprehensive income (loss)

$

940 

$

1,519 

$

(193)

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

63

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Southern California Edison Company

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

$

55 

$

24 

Receivables, less allowances of $188 and $
49 for uncollectible accounts at respective dates

1,126 

777 

Accrued unbilled revenue

521 

488 

Inventory

405 

364 

Insurance receivable

440 

— 

Insurance receivable from affiliate

268 

— 

Income tax receivables

69 

148 

Prepaid expenses

280 

213 

Regulatory assets

1,314 

1,009 

Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions

323 

323 

Other current assets

216 

184 

Total current assets

5,017 

3,530 

Nuclear decommissioning trusts

4,833 

4,562 

Other investments

37 

46 

Total investments

4,870 

4,608 

Utility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation and amortization of $10,681 and $
9,958 at respective dates

47,653 

44,198 

Nonutility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation of $86 and $
80 at respective dates

180 

83 

Total property, plant and equipment

47,833 

44,281 

Regulatory assets

7,120 

6,088 

Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions

2,443 

2,767 

Operating lease right-of-use assets

1,085 

689 

Long-term insurance receivables

75 

912 

Long-term insurance receivables due from affiliate

— 

803 

Other long-term assets

843 

595 

Total long-term assets

11,566 

11,854 

Total assets

$

69,286 

$

64,273 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

64

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Southern California Edison Company

December 31,

(in millions, except share amounts)

2020

2019

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

Short-term debt

$

2,268 

$

550 

Current portion of long-term debt

1,029 

79 

Accounts payable

1,983 

1,779 

Customer deposits

243 

302 

Regulatory liabilities

569 

972 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

214 

79 

Wildfire-related claims

2,231 

— 

Other current liabilities

1,294 

1,298 

Total current liabilities

9,831 

5,059 

Long-term debt

16,499 

15,132 

Deferred income taxes and credits

6,783 

6,451 

Pensions and benefits

144 

237 

Asset retirement obligations

2,930 

3,029 

Regulatory liabilities

8,589 

8,385 

Operating lease liabilities

871 

610 

Wildfire-related claims

2,281 

4,568 

Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities

2,708 

2,975 

Total deferred credits and other liabilities

24,306 

26,255 

Total liabilities

50,636 

46,446 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)

Preferred and preference stock

1,945 

2,245 

Common stock, no
 par value (
560,000,000
 shares authorized; 
434,888,104

 shares issued and outstanding at respective dates)

2,168 

2,168 

Additional paid-in capital

5,387 

3,939 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(41)

(39)

Retained earnings

9,191 

9,514 

Total equity

18,650 

17,827 

Total liabilities and equity

$

69,286 

$

64,273 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

65

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Southern California Edison Company

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income (loss)

$

942 

$

1,530 

$

(189)

Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

2,021 

1,798 

1,931 

Allowance for equity during construction

(121)

(101)

(104)

Impairment and other (income) expense

(150)

159 

(12)

Deferred income taxes

(263)

(243)

(552)

Wildfire Insurance Fund amortization expense

336 

152 

— 

Other

17 

17 

28 

Nuclear decommissioning trusts

(197)

(106)

(109)

Contributions to Wildfire Insurance Fund

(95)

(2,457)

— 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Receivables

(290)

(89)

(45)

Inventory

(43)

(83)

(50)

Accounts payable

63 

307 

(43)

Tax receivables and payables

141 

178 

(84)

Other current assets and liabilities

(7)

(15)

(91)

Regulatory assets and liabilities, net

(1,799)

(1,278)

(92)

Wildfire-related insurance receivable

932 

285 

(2,000)

Wildfire-related claims

(56)

(101)

4,669 

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities

(4)

(44)

(66)

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

1,427 

(91)

3,191 

Cash flows from financing activities:

Long-term debt issued, plus premium and net of discount and issuance costs of $26, $
6 and $(
58) for the respective years

2,676 

2,306 

2,692 

Long-term debt repaid or repurchased

(699)

(82)

(639)

Short-term debt borrowed

2,194 

750 

— 

Short-term debt repaid

(326)

(750)

— 

Capital contributions from Edison International Parent

1,432 

3,250 

— 

Preferred and preference stock redeemed

(308)

— 

— 

Commercial paper and other short-term borrowing (repayment), net

175 

(171)

(520)

Dividends paid

(1,450)

(521)

(909)

Other

5 

(11)

(8)

Net cash provided by financing activities

3,699 

4,771 

616 

Cash flows from investing activities:

Capital expenditures

(5,480)

(4,876)

(4,491)

Proceeds from sale of nuclear decommissioning trust investments

5,927 

4,389 

4,340 

Purchases of nuclear decommissioning trust investments 

(5,730)

(4,283)

(4,231)

Proceeds from sale of San Onofre nuclear fuel

158 

11 

3 

Other

31 

81 

79 

Net cash used in investing activities

(5,094)

(4,678)

(4,300)

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

32 

2 

(493)

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year

24 

22 

515 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year

$

56 

$

24 

$

22 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

66

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

Southern California Edison Company

(in millions, except per share amounts)

Preferredand
Preference
Stock

CommonStock

AdditionalPaid-in
Capital

AccumulatedOther
Comprehensive
Loss

RetainedEarnings

TotalEquity

Balance at December 31, 2017

$

2,245 

$

2,168 

$

671 

$

(19)

$

9,607 

$

14,672 

Net loss

— 

— 

— 

— 

(189)

(189)

Other comprehensive income

— 

— 

— 

1 

— 

1 

Cumulative effect of accounting change

— 

— 

— 

(5)

5 

— 

Dividends declared on common stock ($1.3245 per share)

— 

— 

— 

— 

(576)

(576)

Dividends declared on preferred stock ($1.020 - $
1.195 per share) and preference stock ($
62.500 - $
143.750 per share)

— 

— 

— 

— 

(121)

(121)

Stock-based compensation 

— 

— 

— 

— 

(11)

(11)

Noncash stock-based compensation

— 

— 

9 

— 

— 

9 

Balance at December 31, 2018

$

2,245 

$

2,168 

$

680 

$

(23)

$

8,715 

$

13,785 

Net income

— 

— 

— 

— 

1,530 

1,530 

Other comprehensive loss

— 

— 

— 

(11)

— 

(11)

Cumulative effect of accounting change

— 

— 

— 

(5)

5 

— 

Capital contribution from Edison International Parent

— 

— 

3,250 

— 

— 

3,250 

Dividends declared on common stock ($1.3797 per share)

— 

— 

— 

— 

(600)

(600)

Dividends declared on preferred stock ($1.020 - $
1.195 per share) and preference stock ($
62.500 - $
143.750 per share)

— 

— 

— 

— 

(121)

(121)

Stock-based compensation 

— 

— 

(3)

— 

(15)

(18)

Noncash stock-based compensation 

— 

— 

12 

— 

— 

12 

Balance at December 31, 2019

$

2,245 

$

2,168 

$

3,939 

$

(39)

$

9,514 

$

17,827 

Net income

— 

— 

— 

— 

942 

942 

Other comprehensive loss

— 

— 

— 

(2)

— 

(2)

Capital contribution from Edison International Parent 

— 

— 

1,432 

— 

— 

1,432 

Dividends declared on common stock ($2.6030 per share)

— 

— 

— 

— 

(1,132)

(1,132)

Dividends declared on preferred stock ($0.757 - $
0.886 per share) and preference stock ($
62.500 - $
143.750 per share)

— 

— 

— 

— 

(117)

(117)

Stock-based compensation 

— 

— 

(5)

— 

— 

(5)

Noncash stock-based compensation and other

— 

— 

14 

— 

(1)

13 

Redemption of preferred and preference stock 

(300)

— 

7 

— 

(15)

(308)

Balance at December 31, 2020

$

1,945 

$

2,168 

$

5,387 

$

(41)

$

9,191 

$

18,650 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

67

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1.    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Organization and Basis of Presentation

Edison International is the parent holding company of Southern California Edison Company ("SCE") and Edison Energy Group, Inc. ("Edison Energy Group"). SCE is an investor-owned public utility primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of southern California. Edison Energy Group is a holding company for Edison Energy, LLC ("Edison Energy") which is engaged in the competitive business of providing data-driven energy solutions to commercial, institutional and industrial customers. Edison Energy's business activities are currently not material to report as a separate business segment. These combined notes to the consolidated financial statements apply to both Edison International and SCE unless otherwise described. Edison International's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Edison International, SCE and other wholly owned and controlled subsidiaries. References to Edison International refer to the consolidated group of Edison International and its subsidiaries. References to "Edison International Parent and Other" refer to Edison International Parent and its competitive subsidiaries and "Edison International Parent" refer to Edison International on a stand-alone basis, not consolidated with its subsidiaries. SCE's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SCE and its wholly owned and controlled subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated from the consolidated financial statements. 

Edison International's and SCE's accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, including the accounting principles for rate-regulated enterprises, which reflect the ratemaking policies of the California Public Utility Commission ("CPUC") and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC"). SCE applies authoritative guidance for rate-regulated enterprises to the portion of its operations in which regulators set rates at levels intended to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investments in assets, or rate base. Regulators may also impose certain penalties or grant certain incentives. Due to timing and other differences in the collection of electric utility revenue, these principles require an incurred cost that would otherwise be charged to expense by a non-regulated entity to be capitalized as a regulatory asset if it is probable that the cost is recoverable through future rates; and conversely the principles require recording of a regulatory liability for amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and refundable to customers. In addition, SCE recognizes revenue and regulatory assets from alternative revenue programs, which enables the utility to adjust future rates in response to past activities or completed events, if certain criteria are met, even for programs that do not qualify for recognition of "traditional" regulatory assets and liabilities. SCE assesses, at the end of each reporting period, whether regulatory assets are probable of future recovery. See Note 11 for composition of regulatory assets and liabilities.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain prior year amounts have been conformed to the current year's presentation, including the presentation of long-term insurance receivables on the consolidated balance sheets of Edison International and Southern California Edison, previously presented as other long-term assets.

68

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

Cash equivalents include investments in money market funds. Generally, the carrying value of cash equivalents equals the fair value, as these investments have original maturities of three months or less. 
The cash equivalents were as follows:

Edison International

SCE

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2020

2019

Money market funds

$

62 

$

31 

$

38 

$

— 

Cash is temporarily invested until required for check clearing. Checks issued, but not yet paid by the financial institution, are reclassified from cash to accounts payable at the end of each reporting period as follows:

Edison International

SCE

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2020

2019

Book balances reclassified to accounts payable

$

69 

$

75 

$

69 

$

74 

The following table sets forth the cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash included in the consolidated statements of cash flows: 

(in millions)

December 31, 2020

December 31, 2019

Edison International: 

 Cash and cash equivalents

$

87 

$

68 

 Short-term restricted cash
1

2 

2 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

$

89 

$

70 

SCE:

 Cash and cash equivalents

$

55 

$

24 

 Short-term restricted cash
1

1 

— 

Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

$

56 

$

24 

1

    Reflected in "Other current assets" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets. 

Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts

The allowance for uncollectible accounts is recorded based on SCE's estimate of expected credit losses and adjusted over the life of the receivables as needed. Since the customer base of SCE is concentrated in Southern California and exposes SCE to a homogeneous set of economic conditions, the allowance is measured on a collective basis on the historical amounts written-off, assessment of customer collectibility and current economic trends, including unemployment rates and any likelihood of recession for the region. At December 31, 2020, this included the estimated impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The following table sets forth the changes in allowance for uncollectible accounts for SCE: 

Year ended December 31, 2020

(in millions)

Customers

All others

Beginning balance

$

35 

$

14 

Plus: current period provision for uncollectible accounts

  Included in operation and maintenance expenses

36 

9 

  Deferred to regulatory assets

120 

— 

Less: write-offs, net of recoveries

16 

10 

Ending balance

$

175 

$

13 

69

Inventory

SCE's inventory is primarily composed of materials, supplies and spare parts, and generally stated at weighted average cost. 

Emission Allowances and Energy Credits

SCE is allocated greenhouse gas ("GHG") allowances annually which it is then required to sell into quarterly auctions. GHG proceeds from the auctions are recorded as a regulatory liability to be refunded to customers. SCE purchases GHG allowances in quarterly auctions or from counterparties to satisfy its GHG emission compliance obligations and recovers such costs of GHG allowances from customers. GHG allowances held for use are classified as "Other current assets" on the consolidated balance sheets and are stated, similar to an inventory method, at the lower of weighted average cost or market. SCE had GHG allowances held for use of $
78 million and $
50 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. GHG emission obligations were $
64 million and $
50 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and are classified as "Other current liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets.

SCE is allocated low carbon fuel standard ("LCFS") credits which it sells to market participants. Proceeds from the sales, net of program costs, are recorded in a balancing account to be refunded to eligible customers. SCE's net proceeds from the sale of these LCFS credits were $176 million and $
184 million and are classified as "Regulatory liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

Property, Plant and Equipment

SCE plant additions, including eligible replacements and betterments, are capitalized. Direct material and labor and indirect costs such as construction overhead, administrative and general costs, pension and benefits, and property taxes are capitalized as part of plant additions. The CPUC authorizes a capitalization rate for each of the indirect costs which are allocated to each project based on either labor or total costs. 

Estimated useful lives authorized by the CPUC in the 2018 General Rate Case ("GRC") and weighted average useful lives of SCE's property, plant and equipment, are as follows:

Estimated Useful Lives

Weighted Average Useful Lives

Generation plant

10 years to 
55 years

36 years

Distribution plant

20 years to 
65 years

48 years

Transmission plant

45 years to 
65 years

54 years

General plant and other

5 years to 
60 years

25 years

Depreciation of utility property, plant and equipment is computed on a straight-line, remaining-life basis. SCE's depreciation expense was $1.8 billion, $
1.7 billion and $
1.7 billion for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Depreciation expense stated as a percent of average original cost of depreciable utility plant was, on a composite basis, 
3.6%, 
3.6% and 
3.7% for 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. The original costs of retired property are charged to accumulated depreciation. See Note 2 for further information.

Nuclear fuel for the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station ("Palo Verde") is recorded as utility plant (nuclear fuel in the fabrication and installation phase is recorded as construction in progress) in accordance with CPUC ratemaking procedures. Palo Verde nuclear fuel is amortized using the units of production method. 

Allowance for funds used during construction ("AFUDC") represents the estimated cost of debt and equity funds that finance utility-plant construction and is capitalized during certain plant construction. AFUDC is recovered in rates through depreciation expense over the useful life of the related asset. AFUDC equity represents a method to compensate SCE for the estimated cost of equity used to finance utility plant additions and is recorded as part of construction in progress. AFUDC equity was $121 million, $
101 million and $
104 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and is reflected in "Other income." AFUDC debt was $
53 million, $
63 million and $
44 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively and is reflected as a reduction of "Interest expense."

Major Maintenance

Major maintenance costs for SCE's power plant facilities and equipment are expensed as incurred.

70

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

Impairments of long-lived assets are evaluated based on a review of estimated future cash flows expected to be generated whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such investments or assets may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds expected future cash flows, undiscounted and without interest charges, an impairment loss is recognized in the amount of the excess of fair value over the carrying amount. Fair value is determined via market, cost and income-based valuation techniques, as appropriate. 

Accounting principles for rate-regulated enterprises also require recognition of an impairment loss if it becomes probable that the regulated utility will abandon a plant investment, or if it becomes probable that the cost of a recently completed plant will be disallowed, either directly or indirectly, for ratemaking purposes and a reasonable estimate of the amount of the disallowance can be made. 

Initial and annual contributions to the wildfire insurance fund established pursuant to California Assembly Bill 1054 (the "Wildfire Insurance Fund" and "AB 1054")

Edison International and SCE accounted for the contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund similarly to prepaid insurance. No period of coverage was provided in AB 1054, therefore expense is being allocated to periods ratably based on an estimated period of coverage. Edison International and SCE have a $2.4
 billion and $
2.8
 billion long-term asset at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively, and a $
323

 million current asset reflected as "Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions" in the consolidated balance sheets for the initial $
2.4 billion contribution made during the third quarter of 2019 and the present value of annual contributions SCE committed to make to the Wildfire Insurance Fund, reduced by amortization at both December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. A long-term liability of $
703
 million and $
785
 million have been reflected in "Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities" for the present value of unpaid contribution amounts, at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. Contributions were discounted to the present value at the date SCE committed to participate in the Wildfire Insurance Fund using US treasury interest rates. 

During 2020 a period of 10 years was used to amortize the asset. All expenses related to the contributions are being reflected in "Operation and maintenance" in the consolidated statements of income. Changes in the estimated period of coverage provided by the Wildfire Insurance Fund could lead to material changes in future expense recognition. In estimating the period of coverage Edison International and SCE used 

Monte Carlo 
simulations based on five years (2014 – 2018) of historical data from wildfires caused by electrical utility equipment to estimate expected losses. The details of the operation of the Wildfire Insurance Fund and estimates related to claims by SCE, Pacific Gas & Electric Company ("PG&E") and San Diego Gas & Electric ("SDG&E") against the fund have been applied to the expected loss simulations to estimate the period of coverage of the fund. The most sensitive inputs to the estimated period of coverage are the expected frequency of wildfire events caused by investor-owned utility electrical equipment and the estimated costs associated with those forecasted events. Edison International and SCE evaluate all inputs annually, or upon claims being made from the fund for catastrophic wildfires, and the expected life of the insurance fund will be adjusted as required. Based on information available in the first quarter of 2021 regarding catastrophic wildfires during 2019 and 2020, SCE reassessed its estimate of the life of the Wildfire Insurance Fund. Using 
7 years of historical data (2014 – 2020) of wildfires caused by electrical utility equipment to create

 Monte Carlo 
simulations of expected loss, resulted in the expected life of the Wildfire Insurance Fund increasing from 10 years to 
15 years from the date SCE committed to participate in the Wildfire Insurance Fund.

Edison International and SCE will assess the Wildfire Insurance Fund contribution assets for impairment in the event that a participating utility's electrical equipment is found to be the substantial cause of a catastrophic wildfire, based on the ability of SCE to benefit from the coverage provided by the Wildfire Insurance Fund in an amount equal to the recorded assets.

Goodwill 

Edison International assesses goodwill through an annual goodwill impairment test, at the reporting unit level as of October 1 of each year. Edison International updates its goodwill impairment test between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change such that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value. In June 2020, the goodwill associated with Edison Energy was fully impaired primarily from the economic impact of COVID-19. During the second quarter of 2020 and in the fourth quarter of 2019 and 2018, Edison International recorded an impairment of its Edison Energy reporting unit goodwill totaling $
34 million ($
25 million after-tax), $
25 million ($
18 million after-tax), $
19 million ($
13 million after-tax), respectively. At December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, Edison International had 
no remaining goodwill and $
34 million of goodwill, respectively, all of which is related to its Edison Energy reporting unit. 

71

Nuclear Decommissioning and Asset Retirement Obligations

The fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation ("ARO") is recorded in the period in which it is incurred, including a liability for the fair value of a conditional ARO, if the fair value can be reasonably estimated even though uncertainty exists about the timing and/or method of settlement. When an ARO liability is initially recorded, SCE capitalizes the cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. For each subsequent period, the liability is increased for accretion expense and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. 

SCE has not recorded an ARO for assets that are expected to operate indefinitely or where SCE cannot estimate a settlement date (or range of potential settlement dates). As such, ARO liabilities are not recorded for certain retirement activities, including certain hydroelectric facilities.

The following table summarizes the changes in SCE's ARO liability:

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

Beginning balance

$

3,029 

$

3,031 

Accretion
1

160 

166 

Revisions

(36)

4 

Liabilities settled

(223)

(172)

Ending balance

$

2,930 

$

3,029 

1
    An ARO represents the present value of a future obligation. Accretion is an increase in the liability to account for the time value of money resulting from discounting.

AROs related to decommissioning of SCE's nuclear power facilities are based on site-specific studies conducted as part of each Nuclear Decommissioning Cost Triennial Proceeding ("NDCTP") conducted before the CPUC. Revisions of an ARO are established for updated site-specific decommissioning cost estimates.

The ARO for decommissioning SCE's San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station ("San Onofre") and Palo Verde nuclear power facilities is $2.6 billion as of December 31, 2020. The liability to decommission SCE's nuclear power facilities is based on a 2017 decommissioning study that was filed as part of the 2018 NDCTP for San Onofre Units 1, 2 and 3, and a 2019 decommissioning study for Palo Verde. SCE revised the ARO for Palo Verde in 2020 and for San Onofre Units 1, 2 and 3 in 2018 to reflect updated decommissioning cost estimates.

SCE records an ARO regulatory liability as a result of timing differences between the recognition of costs and the recovery of costs through the ratemaking process. For further information, see Note 11.

Decommissioning of San Onofre Unit 1 began in 1999 and the transfer of spent nuclear fuel from Unit 1 to dry cask storage in the Independent Spent Fuel Storage Installation ("ISFSI") was completed in 2005. Major decommissioning work for Unit 1 has been completed except for certain underground work. Decommissioning of San Onofre Units 2 and 3 began in June 2013 and the spent nuclear fuel transfer from San Onofre Units 2 and 3 to dry cask storage in the ISFSI was completed in August 2020. In October 2019, the California Coastal Commission approved SCE's application for the Coastal Development Permit, the principal discretionary permit required to start major decommissioning activities at San Onofre. In August 2020, SCE commenced major decommissioning activities at San Onofre in accordance with the terms of the permit. 

Decommissioning costs, which are recovered through customer rates over the term of each nuclear facility's operating license, are recorded as a component of depreciation expense, with a corresponding credit to the ARO regulatory liability. Due to regulatory recovery of SCE's nuclear decommissioning expense, prudently incurred costs for nuclear decommissioning activities do not affect SCE's earnings. Amortization of the ARO asset (included within the unamortized nuclear investment) and accretion of the ARO liability are deferred as decreases to the ARO regulatory liability account, resulting in no impact on earnings.

SCE has collected in rates amounts for the future decommissioning of its nuclear assets and has placed those amounts in independent trusts. Amounts collected in rates in excess of the ARO liability are classified as regulatory liabilities.

Changes in the estimated costs, timing of decommissioning or the assumptions underlying these estimates could cause material revisions to the estimated total cost to decommission. SCE currently estimates that it will spend approximately $6.6 billion through 2079 to decommission its nuclear facilities. This estimate is based on SCE's decommissioning cost methodology used for ratemaking purposes, escalated at rates ranging from 
0.6% to 
7.5% (depending on the cost element) 

72

annually. These costs are expected to be funded from independent decommissioning trusts. SCE estimates annual after-tax earnings on the decommissioning funds of 1.3% to 
4.1% dependent on asset class. If the assumed return on trust assets is not earned or costs escalate at higher rates, SCE expects that additional funds needed for decommissioning will be recoverable through future rates, subject to a reasonableness review. See Note 10 for further information.

Due to regulatory recovery of SCE's nuclear decommissioning expense, prudently incurred costs for nuclear decommissioning activities do not affect SCE's earnings. SCE's nuclear decommissioning costs are subject to CPUC review through the triennial regulatory proceeding. SCE's nuclear decommissioning trust investments primarily consist of fixed income investments that are classified as available-for-sale and equity investments. Due to regulatory mechanisms, investment earnings and realized gains and losses have no impact on earnings. Unrealized gains and losses on decommissioning trust funds, including impairment, increase or decrease the trust assets and the related regulatory asset or liability and have no impact on electric utility revenue or decommissioning expense. SCE reviews each fixed income security for impairment on the last day of each month. If the fair value on the last day of the month is less than the amortized cost for that security, SCE impairs the disclosed amortized cost. If the fair value is greater or less than the carrying value for that security at the time of sale, SCE recognizes a related realized gain or loss, respectively.

Deferred Financing Costs

Debt premium, discount and issuance expenses incurred in connection with obtaining financing are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis. Under CPUC ratemaking procedures, SCE's debt reacquisition expenses are amortized over the remaining life of the reacquired debt or, if refinanced, the life of the new debt. SCE had unamortized losses on reacquired debt of $
133 million and $
142 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, reflected as long-term "Regulatory assets" in the consolidated balance sheets. In addition, Edison International and SCE had debt issuance costs related to issuances of long-term debt of $
131 million and $
117 million at December 31, 2020, respectively, and $
121 million and $
106 million at December 31, 2019, respectively, reflected as a reduction of "Long-term debt" on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to interest expense is as follows:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to interest expense 

$

32 

$

30 

$

30 

$

27 

$

26 

$

26 

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized by Edison International and SCE when a performance obligation to transfer control of the promised goods is satisfied or when services are rendered to customers. This typically occurs when electricity is delivered to customers, which includes amounts for services rendered but unbilled at the end of a reporting period.

SCE's Revenue from Contracts with Customers

Provision of Electricity

SCE principally generates revenue through supplying and delivering electricity to its customers. Rates charged to customers are based on tariff rates, approved by the CPUC and FERC. Starting with SCE's 2021 GRC, revenue will be authorized through quadrennial GRC proceedings, which are intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs and earn a return on its CPUC-jurisdictional rate base. The CPUC sets an annual revenue requirement for the base year and the remaining three years are set by a methodology established in the GRC proceeding. Revenue was previously authorized by the CPUC in triennial GRC proceedings. As described above, SCE also earns revenue, with no return, to recover costs for power procurement and other activities. 

Revenue is authorized by the FERC through a formula rate which is intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover transmission capital and operating costs that are prudently incurred, including a return on its FERC-jurisdictional rate base. Under the operation of the formula rate, transmission revenue is updated to actual cost of service annually.

For SCE's electricity sales for both residential and non-residential customers, SCE satisfies the performance obligation of delivering electricity over time as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the delivered electricity. 

73

Energy sales are typically on a month-to-month implied contract for transmission, distribution and generation services. Revenue is recognized over time as the energy is supplied and delivered to customers and the respective revenue is billed and paid on a monthly basis.

CPUC and FERC rates decouple authorized revenue from the volume of electricity sales and the price of energy procured so that SCE receives revenue equal to amounts authorized by the relevant regulatory agencies. As a result, the volume of electricity sold to customers and specific customer classes does not have a direct impact on SCE's financial results. See Note 7 for further information on SCE's revenue.

Sales and Use Taxes

SCE bills certain sales and use taxes levied by state or local governments to its customers. Included in these sales and use taxes are franchise fees, which SCE pays to various municipalities (based on contracts with these municipalities) in order to operate within the limits of the municipality. SCE bills these franchise fees to its customers based on a CPUC-authorized rate. These franchise fees, which are required to be paid regardless of SCE's ability to collect from the customer, are accounted for on a gross basis. SCE's franchise fees billed to customers were $131 million, $
122 million and $
133 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. When SCE acts as an agent for sales and use tax, the taxes are accounted for on a net basis. Amounts billed to and collected from customers for these taxes are remitted to the taxing authorities and are not recognized as electric utility revenue.

SCE's Alternative Revenue Programs

The CPUC and FERC have authorized additional, alternative revenue programs which adjust billings for the effects of broad external factors or compensate SCE for demand-side management initiatives and provide for incentive awards if SCE achieves certain objectives. These alternative revenue programs allow SCE to recover costs that SCE has been authorized to pass on to customers, including costs to purchase electricity and natural gas, and to fund public purpose, demand response, and customer energy efficiency programs. In general, revenue is recognized for these alternative revenue programs at the time the costs are incurred and, for incentive-based programs, at the time the awards are approved by the CPUC. SCE begins recognizing revenues for these programs when a program has been established by an order from either the CPUC or FERC that allows for automatic adjustment of future rates, the amount of revenue for the period is objectively determinable and probable of recovery and the revenue will be collected within 24 months following the end of the annual period.

Regulatory Proceedings

2018 General Rate Case

In May 2019, the CPUC approved a final decision in SCE's 2018 GRC. 

The revenue requirements in the 2018 GRC final decision are retroactive to January 1, 2018. SCE recorded the prior period impact of the 2018 GRC final decision in 2019 including:

•
An increase to earnings of $65 million attributable to 2018 from the application of the decision to revenue, depreciation expense and income tax expense. The reduction of revenue of $
289 million reflected the lower authorized revenue related to 2018. 

•
An impairment of utility property, plant and equipment of $170 million ($
123 million after-tax) related to disallowed historical capital expenditures, primarily the write-off of specific pole replacements the CPUC determined were performed prematurely.

2021 General Rate Case

In the 2021 GRC, SCE has requested a test year revenue requirement of $7.6 billion, an approximately $
1.3 billion increase over the 2020 revenue requirement authorized in the 2018 GRC as updated for post test-year ratemaking changes.

SCE believes that receiving a proposed decision on track 1 of the 2021 GRC in the first quarter of 2021 in line with the CPUC’s schedule for track 1 is unlikely. The CPUC has approved the establishment of a memorandum account making the authorized revenue requirement changes effective January 1, 2021. SCE cannot predict the revenue requirement the CPUC will ultimately authorize or forecast the timing of a final decision. SCE expects to recognize revenue based on the 2020 authorized revenue requirement until a GRC decision is issued.

74

Power Purchase Agreements

SCE enters into power purchase agreements ("PPAs") in the normal course of business. A power purchase agreement may be considered a variable interest in a variable interest entity ("VIE"). If SCE is the primary beneficiary in the VIE, SCE should consolidate the VIE. None of SCE's PPAs resulted in consolidation of a VIE at December 31, 2020 and 2019. See Note 3 for further discussion of PPAs that are considered variable interests.

A PPA may also contain a lease for accounting purposes. See "Leases" below and Note 12 and Note 13 for further discussion of SCE's PPAs, including agreements that are classified as operating and finance leases for accounting purposes. 

A PPA that does not contain a lease may be classified as a derivative which is recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. These PPAs may be eligible for an election to designate as a normal purchase and sale, which is accounted for on an accrual basis as an executory contract. See Note 6 for further information on derivative instruments.

PPAs that do not meet the above classifications are accounted for on an accrual basis.

Derivative Instruments

SCE records derivative instruments on its consolidated balance sheets as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value unless otherwise exempted from derivative treatment as normal purchases or sales. The normal purchases and sales exception requires, among other things, physical delivery in quantities expected to be used or sold over a reasonable period in the normal course of business. 

Realized gains and losses from SCE's derivative instruments are expected to be recovered from or refunded to customers through regulatory mechanisms and, therefore, SCE's fair value changes have no impact on purchased power expense or earnings. SCE does not use hedge accounting for derivative transactions due to regulatory accounting treatment.

Where SCE's derivative instruments are subject to a master netting agreement and certain criteria are met, SCE presents its derivative assets and liabilities on a net basis on its consolidated balance sheets. In addition, derivative positions are offset against margin and cash collateral deposits. The results of derivative activities are recorded as part of cash flows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. See Note 6 for further information on derivative instruments.

Leases

On January 1, 2019, Edison International and SCE adopted accounting standards updates that require lessees to recognize a lease on the balance sheet as a right-of-use ("ROU") asset and related lease liability and classify the lease as either operating or finance. A lease is defined as a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to control the use of identified assets for a period of time in exchange for consideration. An entity controls the use when it has a right to obtain substantially all of the benefits from the use of the identified asset and has the right to direct the use of the asset. SCE determines if an arrangement is a lease at contract inception. SCE includes both the lease and non-lease components as a single component and accounts for them as a lease for all classes of underlying assets, except energy storage underlying assets which were first contracted in 2020 and for which each component will be separately accounted for. Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. SCE calculates and uses the rate implicit in the lease if the information is readily available or if not available, SCE uses its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. Incremental borrowing rates are comprised of underlying risk-free rates and secured credit spreads relative to first mortgage bonds with like tenors of lease term durations. Lease ROU assets are based on the liability, subject to adjustments, such as lease incentives. The ROU assets also include any lease payments made at or before the commencement date. SCE excludes variable lease payments in measuring lease assets and lease liabilities, other than those that depend on an index or a rate or are in substance fixed payments. SCE's lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised. Operating leases are included in "Operating lease right-of-use assets," "Current portion of operating lease liabilities" and "Operating lease liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in "Utility property, plant and equipment," "Other current liabilities" and "Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets.

SCE enters into power purchase agreements that may contain leases. This occurs when a power purchase agreement designates a specific power plant, SCE obtains substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the plant and has the right to direct the use of the plant. SCE also enters into a number of agreements to lease property and equipment in the normal course of business, primarily related to vehicles, office space and other equipment. See Note 13 for further discussion of SCE's contracts that are classified as operating and finance leases.

75

Edison International Parent and Other's leases primarily relate to Edison Energy Group. The leases for Edison International Parent and Other are immaterial to Edison International.

Stock-Based Compensation

Stock options, performance shares, deferred stock units and restricted stock units have been granted under Edison International's long-term incentive compensation programs. For equity awards that are settled in common stock, Edison International either issues new common stock, or uses a third party to purchase shares from the market and deliver such shares for the settlement of the awards. The performance shares granted during 2018 that are earned, have been or will be settled solely in cash. The performance shares granted in 2019 and 2020 that are earned, will be settled in common stock. Stock options, deferred stock units and restricted stock units are settled in common stock. However, for awards that are otherwise settled entirely in common stock, Edison International substitutes cash awards to the extent necessary to satisfy applicable tax withholding obligations or government levies.

Stock-based compensation expense is recognized, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period based on estimated fair values. For equity awards paid in common stock, fair value is determined at the grant date. However, with respect to the portion of the performance shares payable in common stock that are subject to market and financial performance conditions defined in the grants, the number of performance shares expected to be earned is subject to revision and updated at each reporting period, with a related adjustment to compensation expense. Awards paid in cash are classified as share-based liability awards and fair value is remeasured at each reporting date with the related compensation cost adjusted. For awards granted to retirement-eligible participants, stock compensation expense is recognized on a prorated basis over the initial year. For awards granted to participants who become eligible for retirement during the requisite service period, stock compensation expense is recognized over the period between the date of grant and the date the participant first becomes eligible for retirement. Edison International and SCE estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest rather than account for forfeitures when they occur. Share-based payments may create a permanent difference between the amount of compensation expense recognized for book and tax purposes. The tax impact of this permanent difference is recognized in earnings in the period it is created. See Note 9 for further information.

SCE Dividends

CPUC holding company rules require that SCE's dividend policy be established by SCE's Board of Directors on the same basis as if SCE were a stand-alone utility company, and that the capital requirements of SCE, as deemed to be necessary to meet SCE's electricity service obligations, shall receive first priority from the Boards of Directors of both Edison International and SCE. In addition, the CPUC regulates SCE's capital structure which limits the dividends it may pay to its shareholders. 

Effective January 1, 2020, the common equity component of SCE's CPUC authorized capital structure was increased from 48% to 
52% on a weighted average basis over the January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022 compliance period. Under AB 1054, the impact of SCE's contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund are excluded from the measurement of SCE's CPUC-jurisdictional authorized capital structure. For further information, see Note 12.

In May 2020, the CPUC issued a decision on SCE's application to the CPUC for waiver of compliance with its equity ratio requirement, that allows SCE to exclude from its equity ratio calculations (i) net charges accrued in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events and (ii) debt issued for the purpose of paying claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events up to an amount equal to the net charges accrued in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The temporary exclusion will lapse on May 7, 2022 or when a determination regarding cost recovery for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events is made, whichever comes earlier. If the CPUC has not made a determination regarding cost recovery by May 7, 2022, SCE is permitted to file another application for a waiver of compliance with its equity ratio requirement. In the interim, SCE is required to notify the CPUC if an adverse financial event reduces SCE's spot equity ratio by more than one percent from the level most recently filed with the CPUC in the proceeding. The last spot equity ratio SCE filed with the CPUC in the proceeding did not exclude the then $
1.8 billion net charge and was 
45.2% as of December 31, 2018 (at the time the common equity component of SCE's CPUC authorized capital structure was required to remain at or above 
48% on a weighted average basis over the applicable 
37-month period). SCE’s spot equity ratio on December 31, 2018 would have been 
48.7% had the $
1.8 billion net charge at December 31, 2018 been excluded, therefore SCE will notify the CPUC if its spot ratio drops below 
47.7% in any quarter. For further information, see Note 12.

SCE monitors its compliance with the CPUC's equity ratio requirement based on the weighted average of the common equity component of SCE's CPUC authorized capital structure over the Capital Structure Compliance Period using its actual capital structure from the beginning of the Capital Structure Compliance Period through the reporting date together with forecasted 

76

performance and expected financing activities for the remainder of the Capital Structure Compliance Period. SCE expects to be compliant with its CPUC authorized capital structure at December 31, 2022.

As a California corporation, SCE's ability to pay dividends is also governed by the California General Corporation Law. California law requires that for a dividend to be declared: (a) retained earnings must equal or exceed the proposed dividend, or (b) immediately after the dividend is made, the value of the corporation's assets must exceed the value of its liabilities plus amounts required to be paid, if any, in order to liquidate stock senior to the shares receiving the dividend. Additionally, a California corporation may not declare a dividend if it is, or as a result of the dividend would be, likely to be unable to meet its liabilities as they mature. Prior to declaring dividends, SCE's Board of Directors evaluates available information, including when applicable, information pertaining to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, to ensure that the California law requirements for the declarations are met. On February 25, 2021, SCE declared a dividend to Edison International of $325 million.

The timing and amount of future dividends are also dependent on a number of other factors including SCE's requirements to fund other obligations and capital expenditures, its ability to access the capital markets, and generate operating cash flows and earnings. If SCE incurs significant costs related to catastrophic wildfires, including the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, and is unable to recover such costs through insurance, the Wildfire Insurance Fund (for fires after July 12, 2019), or from customers or is unable to access capital markets on reasonable terms, SCE may be limited in its ability to pay future dividends to Edison International and its preference shareholders.

Earnings Per Share

Edison International computes earnings per common share ("EPS") using the two-class method, which is an earnings allocation formula that determines EPS for each class of common stock and participating security. Edison International's participating securities are stock-based compensation awards, payable in common shares, which earn dividend equivalents on an equal basis with common shares once the awards are vested. See Note 9 and Note 14 for further information. 

77

EPS attributable to Edison International common shareholders was computed as follows:

Years ended December 31,

(in millions, except per share amounts)

2020

2019

2018

Basic earnings (loss) per share – continuing operations:

Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders

$

739 

$

1,284 

$

(457)

Participating securities dividends

— 

— 

— 

Income (loss) from continuing operations available to common shareholders

739 

1,284 

(457)

Weighted average common shares outstanding

373 

340 

326 

Basic earnings (loss) per share – continuing operations

1.98 

3.78 

(1.40)

Diluted earnings (loss) per share – continuing operations:

Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders

739 

1,284 

(457)

Participating securities dividends

— 

— 

— 

Income (loss) from continuing operations available to common shareholders

739 

1,284 

(457)

Income impact of assumed conversions

— 

— 

— 

Income (loss) from continuing operations available to common shareholders and assumed conversions

739 

1,284 

(457)

Weighted average common shares outstanding

373 

340 

326 

Incremental shares from assumed conversions
1

1 

1 

— 

Adjusted weighted average shares – diluted

374 

341 

326 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share – continuing operations

$

1.98 

$

3.77 

$

(1.40)

1
    Due to the loss reported for the year ended December 31, 2018, incremental shares were not included as the effect would be antidilutive.

In addition to the participating securities discussed above, Edison International also may award stock options, which are payable in common shares and are included in the diluted earnings per share calculation. Stock option awards to purchase 9,066,753, 
4,511,802 and 
8,852,706 shares of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, were outstanding, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been antidilutive.

Income Taxes 

Edison International and SCE estimate their income taxes for each jurisdiction in which they operate. This involves estimating current period tax expense along with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items (such as depreciation) for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Income tax expense includes the current tax liability from operations and the change in deferred income taxes during the year. Interest income, interest expense and penalties associated with income taxes are generally reflected in "Income tax expense" on the consolidated statements of income. 

Edison International's eligible subsidiaries are included in Edison International's consolidated federal income tax and combined state tax returns. Edison International has tax-allocation and payment agreements with certain of its subsidiaries. Pursuant to an income tax-allocation agreement approved by the CPUC, SCE's tax liability is computed as if it filed its federal and state income tax returns on a separate return basis.

Subsequent Events

In February 2021, SCE Recovery Funding LLC, a bankruptcy remote, wholly owned special purpose subsidiary of SCE, issued $338 million of Senior Secured Recovery Bonds, Series 2021-A, in three tranches of $
138 million, 
0.86% due 2033, $
100 million, 
1.94% due 2040, and $
100 million, 
2.51% due 2045 ("Recovery Bonds") and used the proceeds to acquire SCE's right, title and interest in and to non-bypassable rates and other charges to be collected from certain existing and future 

78

customers in SCE's service territory, associated with the AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures ("Recovery Property"). The Recovery Bonds were payable only from and secured by the Recovery Property. SCE Recovery Funding LLC is considered a VIE and will be consolidated by SCE for financial reporting purposes, however, the Recovery Bonds do not constitute a debt or other legal obligation of, or interest in, SCE or any of its affiliates, except for SCE Recovery Funding LLC. SCE used the proceeds it received from the sale of Recovery Property to reimburse itself for previously incurred AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures, including the retirement of related debt.

New Accounting Guidance

Accounting Guidance Adopted 

In June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued an accounting standards update to require the use of the current expected credit loss model to measure impairment of financial assets measured at amortized cost, including trade and other receivables, and the use of an allowance to record estimated credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities. Edison International and SCE adopted this guidance on January 1, 2020 using the prospective adoption approach to available-for-sale debt securities and the modified retrospective approach to all other financial assets. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on Edison International's and SCE's financial position or result of operations. See "Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts" and "Nuclear Decommissioning and Asset Retirement Obligations" above and Note 10 for further information.

In August 2018, the FASB issued an accounting standards update which aligns the requirement for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing costs incurred to develop or obtain internal use software. The guidance also clarified presentation requirements for reporting implementation costs in the financial statements. Edison International and SCE adopted the standard on January 1, 2020 using the prospective adoption approach. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on Edison International's and SCE's financial position or result of operations.

In March 2020, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference London Inter-Bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. In January 2021, the FASB issued an update to this standard to clarify that certain optional expedients and exceptions for contract modifications and hedge accounting apply to derivatives that are affected by the reference rate transition. Edison International and SCE have adopted the standard as of April 1, 2020 prospectively. SCE generally does not use hedge accounting for derivative transactions. SCE has a term loan with a variable interest rate based on LIBOR. In addition, both Edison International and SCE have revolving credit facilities with a variable interest rate based on LIBOR. These agreements contain provisions that require an amendment if LIBOR can no longer be used. SCE also has certain preference stocks, for which the distributions will be payable at a floating rate referenced to LIBOR from 2022. As of December 31, 2020, both Edison International and SCE have not utilized any of the expedients and therefore there is no impact on adoption of the guidance, however, if contract amendments are made where LIBOR is no longer valid, both Edison International and SCE expect to utilize the expedients through the allowed period of December 31, 2022.

In August 2018, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to remove, modify and add certain disclosure requirements related to employer-sponsored defined benefit pension or other postretirement plans. The guidance removes disclosure requirements that are no longer considered cost beneficial, clarifies certain specific disclosure requirements and adds disclosure requirements identified as relevant. The modifications only affect annual period disclosures and must be applied on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. Edison International and SCE have adopted this guidance for the year ending December 31, 2020. The adoption of this guidance did not materially affect the annual disclosures related to employer-sponsored defined benefit pension or other postretirement plans. See Note 9 for further information. 

Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted 

In August 2020, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to simplify the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. The amendments in this update affect entities that issue convertible instruments indexed to or potentially settled in an entity's own equity. This guidance also simplifies an entity's application of the derivatives scope exception for contracts in its own equity and amend
s certain aspects of the EPS guidance. The guidance is effective January 1, 2022 with early adoption permitted after January 1, 2021. Edison International and SCE do not expect the adoption of this standard will materially affect 
Edison International's and SCE's

 financial position or result of operations.

79

Note 2.    Property, Plant and Equipment

SCE's property, plant and equipment included in the consolidated balance sheets is composed of the following:

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

Distribution

$

28,663 

$

26,929 

Transmission

15,669 

14,720 

Generation

3,709 

3,664 

General plant and other

5,129 

4,583 

Accumulated depreciation

(10,681)

(9,958)

42,489 

39,938 

Construction work in progress

5,033 

4,131 

Nuclear fuel, at amortized cost

131 

129 

Total utility property, plant and equipment

$

47,653 

$

44,198 

Capitalized Software Costs

SCE capitalizes costs incurred during the application development stage of internal use software projects to property, plant and equipment. SCE amortizes capitalized software costs ratably over the expected lives of the software, primarily ranging from 5 to 
7 years and commencing upon operational use. Capitalized software costs, included in general plant and other above, were $
1.2 billion and $
1.0 billion at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and accumulated amortization was $
0.6 billion and $
0.4 billion, at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Amortization expense for capitalized software was $
218 million, $
190 million and $
198 million in 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. At December 31, 2020, amortization expense is estimated to be $
213 million, $
168 million, $
136 million, $
82 million and $
30 million for 2021 through 2025, respectively.

Jointly Owned Utility Projects

SCE owns undivided interests in transmission and generating assets for which each participant provides its own financing. SCE's proportionate share of these assets is reflected in the consolidated balance sheets and included in the above table. SCE's proportionate share of expenses for each project is reflected in the consolidated statements of income. 

The following is SCE's investment in each asset as of December 31, 2020:

(in millions)

Plant in Service

Construction Work in Progress

AccumulatedDepreciation

Nuclear Fuel (at amortized cost)

Net Book Value

OwnershipInterest

Transmission systems:

Eldorado

$

324 

$

74 

$

39 

$

— 

$

359 

79 

%

Pacific Intertie

346 

— 

74 

— 

272 

50 

%

Generating station:

Palo Verde (nuclear)

2,113 

53 

1,609 

131 

688 

16 

%

Total

$

2,783 

$

127 

$

1,722 

$

131 

$

1,319 

In addition, SCE has ownership interests in jointly owned power poles with other companies.

80

Note 3.    Variable Interest Entities

A VIE is defined as a legal entity that meets one of two conditions: (1) the equity owners do not have sufficient equity at risk, or (2) the holders of the equity investment at risk, as a group, lack any of the following three characteristics: decision-making rights, the obligation to absorb losses, or the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity. The primary beneficiary is identified as the variable interest holder that has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE. Commercial and operating activities are generally the factors that most significantly impact the economic performance of such VIEs. Commercial and operating activities include construction, operation and maintenance, fuel procurement, dispatch and compliance with regulatory and contractual requirements.

Variable Interest in VIEs that are not Consolidated

Power Purchase Agreements

SCE has PPAs that are classified as variable interests in VIEs, including agreements through which SCE provides the natural gas to fuel the plants and fixed price contracts for renewable energy. SCE has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs since it does not control the commercial and operating activities of these entities. Since payments for capacity are the primary source of income, the most significant economic activity for these VIEs is the operation and maintenance of the power plants.

As of the balance sheet date, the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in SCE's consolidated balance sheets that relate to involvement with VIEs result from amounts due under the PPAs. Under these contracts, SCE recovers the costs incurred through demonstration of compliance with its CPUC-approved long-term power procurement plans. SCE has no residual interest in the entities and has not provided or guaranteed any debt or equity support, liquidity arrangements, performance guarantees or other commitments associated with these contracts other than the purchase commitments described in Note 12. As a result, there is no significant potential exposure to loss to SCE from its variable interest in these VIEs. The aggregate contracted capacity dedicated to SCE from these VIE projects was 5,103 megawatts ("MW") and 
4,497 MW at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and the amounts that SCE paid to these projects were $
744 million and $
833 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These amounts are recoverable in customer rates, subject to reasonableness review. 

Unconsolidated Trusts of SCE

SCE Trust II, Trust III, Trust IV, Trust V and Trust VI were formed in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, for the exclusive purpose of issuing the 5.10
%, 
5.75
%, 
5.375
%, 
5.45
% and 
5.00
% trust preference securities, respectively ("trust securities"). The trusts are VIEs. SCE has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as it does not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses or the right to receive the expected residual returns of the trusts. SCE Trust II, Trust III, Trust IV, Trust V and Trust VI issued to the public trust securities in the face amounts of $
400 million, $
275 million, $
325 million, $
300 million and $
475 million (cumulative, liquidation amounts of $
25

 per share), respectively, and $
10,000

 of common stock each to SCE. The trusts invested the proceeds of these trust securities in Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K and Series L Preference Stock issued by SCE in the principal amounts of $
400 million, $
275 million, $
325 million, $
300 million and $
475 million (cumulative, $
2,500

 per share liquidation values), respectively, which have substantially the same payment terms as the respective trust securities.

The Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K and Series L Preference Stock and the corresponding trust securities do not have a maturity date. Upon any redemption of any shares of the Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K or Series L Preference Stock, a corresponding dollar amount of trust securities will be redeemed by the applicable trust (see Note 14 for further information). The applicable trust will make distributions at the same rate and on the same dates on the applicable series of trust securities if and when the SCE board of directors declares and makes dividend payments on the related Preference Stock. The applicable trust will use any dividends it receives on the related Preference Stock to make its corresponding distributions on the applicable series of trust securities. If SCE does not make a dividend payment to any of these trusts, SCE would be prohibited from paying dividends on its common stock. SCE has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment of the trust securities and trust distributions, if and when SCE pays dividends on the related Preference Stock.

In September 2020, SCE Trust II redeemed $180 million of its trust securities from the public. The Trust II balance sheets as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 consisted of investments of $
220 million and $
400 million in the Series G Preference Stock, respectively, $
220 million and $
400 million of trust securities, respectively, and $
10,000 each of common stock. The Trust III, Trust IV, Trust V and Trust VI balance sheets as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 

81

consisted of investments of $275
 million, $
325
 million, $
300
 million, and $
475
 million in the Series H, Series J, Series K and Series L Preference Stock, respectively, $
275
 million, $
325
 million, $
300
 million, and $
475
 million of trust securities, respectively, and $
10,000

 each of common stock. 

The following

table provides a summary of the trusts' income statements:

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

Trust II

Trust III

Trust IV

Trust V

Trust VI

2020

Dividend income

$

20 

$

16 

$

17 

$

16 

$

24 

Dividend distributions

20 

16 

17 

16 

24 

2019

Dividend income

$

20 

$

16 

$

17 

$

16 

$

24 

Dividend distributions

20 

16 

17 

16 

24 

2018

Dividend income

$

20 

$

16 

$

17 

$

16 

$

24 

Dividend distributions

20 

16 

17 

16 

24 

Note 4.    Fair Value Measurements

Recurring Fair Value Measurements

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (referred to as an "exit price"). Fair value of an asset or liability considers assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about nonperformance risk. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, nonperformance risk was not material for Edison International and SCE.

Assets and liabilities are categorized into a three-level fair value hierarchy based on valuation inputs used to determine fair value.

Level 1 – The fair value of Edison International's and SCE's Level 1 assets and liabilities is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are available at the measurement date for identical assets and liabilities. This level includes exchange-traded equity securities, U.S. treasury securities, mutual funds and money market funds. 

Level 2 – Edison International's and SCE's Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, primarily consisting of U.S. government and agency bonds, municipal bonds and corporate bonds, and over-the-counter derivatives. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using a market approach by obtaining quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the instrument.

The fair value of SCE's over-the-counter derivative contracts is determined using an income approach. SCE uses standard pricing models to determine the net present value of estimated future cash flows. Inputs to the pricing models include forward published or posted clearing prices from an exchange (Intercontinental Exchange) for similar instruments and discount rates. A primary price source that best represents trade activity for each market is used to develop observable forward market prices in determining the fair value of these positions. Broker quotes, prices from exchanges or comparison to executed trades are used to validate and corroborate the primary price source. These price quotations reflect mid-market prices (average of bid and ask) and are obtained from sources believed to provide the most liquid market for the commodity. 

Level 3 – The fair value of SCE's Level 3 assets and liabilities is determined using the income approach through various models and techniques that require significant unobservable inputs. This level includes derivative contracts that trade infrequently such as congestion revenue rights ("CRRs"). Edison International Parent and Other does not have any Level 3 assets and liabilities.

Assumptions are made in order to value derivative contracts in which observable inputs are not available. In circumstances where fair value cannot be verified with observable market transactions, it is possible that a different valuation model could produce a materially different estimate of fair value. Modeling methodologies, inputs, and techniques are reviewed and assessed as markets continue to develop and more pricing information becomes available and the fair value is adjusted when 

82

it is concluded that a change in inputs or techniques would result in a new valuation that better reflects the fair value of those derivative contracts. See Note 6 for a discussion of derivative instruments. 

SCE

The following table sets forth assets and liabilities of SCE that were accounted for at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy:

December 31, 2020

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting

and

Collateral
1

Total

Assets at fair value

Derivative contracts

$

— 

$

6 

$

120 

$

(18)

$

108 

Other

39 

23 

— 

— 

62 

Nuclear decommissioning trusts:

Stocks
2

1,908 

— 

— 

— 

1,908 

Fixed Income
3

519 

2,113 

— 

— 

2,632 

Short-term investments, primarily cash equivalents

447 

52 

— 

— 

499 

Subtotal of nuclear decommissioning trusts
4

2,874 

2,165 

— 

— 

5,039 

Total assets

2,913 

2,194 

120 

(18)

5,209 

Liabilities at fair value

Derivative contracts

— 

10 

12 

(22)

— 

Total liabilities

— 

10 

12 

(22)

— 

Net assets

$

2,913 

$

2,184 

$

108 

$

4 

$

5,209 

83

December 31, 2019

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Netting

and

Collateral
1

Total

Assets at fair value

Derivative contracts

$

— 

$

19 

$

83 

$

(15)

$

87 

Other

4 

14 

— 

— 

18 

Nuclear decommissioning trusts:

Stocks
2

1,765 

— 

— 

— 

1,765 

Fixed Income
3

738 

2,024 

— 

— 

2,762 

Short-term investments, primarily cash equivalents

98 

48 

— 

— 

146 

Subtotal of nuclear decommissioning trusts
4

2,601 

2,072 

— 

— 

4,673 

Total assets

2,605 

2,105 

83 

(15)

4,778 

Liabilities at fair value

Derivative contracts

— 

11 

5 

(15)

1 

Total liabilities

— 

11 

5 

(15)

1 

Net assets 

$

2,605 

$

2,094 

$

78 

$

— 

$

4,777 

1
    Represents the netting of assets and liabilities under master netting agreements and cash collateral.

2    
Approximately 71% and

72% of SCE's equity investments were located in the United States at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

3
    Includes corporate bonds, which were diversified and included collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities of $29 million and $
46 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

4

    Excludes net payables of $206 million and $
111 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which consist of interest and dividend receivables as well as receivables and payables related to SCE's pending securities sales and purchases.

Edison International Parent and Other

Edison International Parent and Other assets measured at fair value and classified as Level 1 consisted of money market funds of $24 million and $
31 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Edison International Parent and Other assets measured at fair value and classified as Level 2 consisted of short-term investments of $
5 million at December 31, 2020. Edison International Parent and Other had 
no short-term investments as of December 31, 2019.

SCE Fair Value of Level 3

The following table sets forth a summary of changes in SCE's fair value of Level 3 net derivative assets and liabilities:

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

Fair value of net assets at beginning of period

$

78 

$

141 

Purchases

8 

6 

Sales

(5)

(5)

Settlements

(117)

(60)

Total realized/unrealized gains (losses) 
1,2

144 

(4)

Fair value of net assets at end of period

$

108 

$

78 

1
    Due to regulatory mechanisms, SCE's realized and unrealized gains and losses are recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities.

2
    There were no material transfers into or out of Level 3 during 2020 and 2019.

84

The following table sets forth SCE's valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used to determine fair value for significant Level 3 assets and liabilities:

Fair Value (in millions)

Significant

Range (per MWh)

Weighted Average (per MWh)

Assets

Liabilities

Valuation Technique

Unobservable Input

Congestion revenue rights

December 31, 2020

$

120 

$

12 

Auction prices

CAISO CRR auction clearing prices

$(9.67) - $
300.47

$2.75

December 31, 2019

83 

5 

Auction prices

CAISO CRR auction clearing prices

(3.59) - 
25.32

1.97

Level 3 Fair Value Uncertainty

For CRRs, increases or decreases in CAISO auction price would result in higher or lower fair value, respectively.

Nuclear Decommissioning Trusts

SCE's nuclear decommissioning trust investments include equity securities, U.S. treasury securities and other fixed income securities. Equity and treasury securities are classified as Level 1 as fair value is determined by observable market prices in active or highly liquid and transparent markets. The remaining fixed income securities are classified as Level 2. The fair value of these financial instruments is based on evaluated prices that reflect significant observable market information such as reported trades, actual trade information of similar securities, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, bids, offers and relevant credit information. There are no securities classified as Level 3 in the nuclear decommissioning trusts.

SCE's investment policies and CPUC requirements place limitations on the types and investment grade ratings of the securities that may be held by the nuclear decommissioning trust funds. These policies restrict the trust funds from holding alternative investments and limit the trust funds' exposures to investments in highly illiquid markets. With respect to equity and fixed income securities, the trustee obtains prices from third-party pricing services which SCE is able to independently corroborate as described below. The trustee monitors prices supplied by pricing services, including reviewing prices against defined parameters' tolerances and performs research and resolves variances beyond the set parameters. SCE corroborates the fair values of securities by comparison to other market-based price sources obtained by SCE's investment managers. Differences outside established thresholds are followed-up with the trustee and resolved. For each reporting period, SCE reviews the trustee determined fair value hierarchy and overrides the trustee level classification when appropriate.

Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements

Edison International assesses goodwill at the reporting unit level. The fair value of the Edison Energy reporting unit is classified as Level 3 and is estimated using the income approach. During the second quarter of 2020 and fourth quarter of 2019, Edison International evaluated the recoverability of goodwill and recorded impairment charges of Edison Energy's goodwill totaling $34 million ($
25 million after-tax) and $
25 million ($
18 million after-tax), respectively. See Note 1 for further details.

Fair Value of Debt Recorded at Carrying Value

The carrying value and fair value of Edison International's and SCE's long-term debt (including current portion of long-term debt) are as follows:

December 31, 2020

December 31, 2019

(in millions)

Carrying

Value
1

Fair

Value
2

Carrying

Value
1

Fair

Value
2

Edison International

$

20,337 

$

23,824 

$

18,343 

$

20,137 

SCE

17,204 

20,365 

15,211 

16,892 

1 
    Carrying value is net of debt issuance costs. 

2
    The fair value of Edison International's and SCE's long-term debt is classified as Level 2.

85

Note 5.    Debt and Credit Agreements

Long-Term Debt

The following table summarizes long-term debt (rates and terms are as of December 31, 2020) of Edison International and SCE:

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

Edison International Parent and Other:

Debentures and notes:

2022 – 2028 (2.40% to 
5.75%)

$

3,150 

$

3,150 

Current portion of long-term debt

— 

(400)

Unamortized debt discount/premium and issuance costs, net

(17)

(18)

Total Edison International Parent and Other

3,133 

2,732 

SCE:

First and refunding mortgage bonds:

2022 – 2050 (1.20% to 
6.05%)

16,843 

14,272 

Pollution-control bonds:

2023 (2.63%)

135 

752 

Debentures and notes:

2029 – 2053 (5.06% to 
6.65%)

306 

306 

Other long-term debt 
1
:

324 

— 

Current portion of long-term debt

(1,029)

(79)

Unamortized debt discount/premium and issuance costs, net

(80)

(119)

Total SCE

16,499 

15,132 

Total Edison International

$

19,632 

$

17,864 

1
Subsequent to December 31, 2020, SCE issued first and refunding mortgage bonds which were used to partially pay down its commercial paper balance, see "Debt Financing Subsequent to December 31, 2020" for more information. Accordingly, SCE included the pay down amount of $324 million in other long-term debt.

Edison International and SCE long-term debt maturities over the next five years are as follows:

(in millions)

Edison International 

SCE

2021

$

1,029 

$

1,029 

2022

1,064 

364 

2023

1,435 

1,035 

2024

500 

— 

2025

1,300 

900 

Liens and Security Interests

Almost all of SCE's properties are subject to a trust indenture lien. SCE has pledged first and refunding mortgage bonds as collateral for borrowed funds obtained from pollution-control bonds issued by government agencies. SCE has a debt covenant that requires a debt to total capitalization ratio to be less than or equal to 0.65 to 1. At December 31, 2020, SCE's debt to total capitalization ratio was 
0.51 to 1 and was in compliance with all other financial covenants that affect access to capital. Edison International Parent's credit facility requires a consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio as defined in the applicable agreements of less than or equal to 
0.70 to 1. At December 31, 2020, Edison International consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio was 
0.59 to 1.

86

Credit Agreements and Short-Term Debt

The following table summarizes the status of the credit facilities at December 31, 2020:

(in millions, except for rates)

Execution date

Termination date

LIBOR plus (bps)

Use of proceeds

Commitment

Outstanding borrowings

Outstanding letters of credit

Amount available

Edison International Parent 

June 2019

May 2024

128 

Support commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes 
1, 4

$

1,500 

$

130 

$

— 

$

1370 

Total Edison International Parent:

$

1,500 

$

130 

$

— 

$

1,370 

SCE 

March 2020

March 2021

65

Finance a portion of the AB 1054 Capital Expenditures 
2

$

800 

$

495 

$

— 

$

305 

May 2020

May 2021

150

Undercollections related to COVID-19 and general corporate purposes

1,500 

— 

— 

1,500

June 2019

May 2024

108 

Support commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes 
3, 4

3,000 

725 

159 

2,116

Total SCE:

$

5,300 

$

1,220 

$

159 

$

3,921 

Total Edison International:

$

6,800 

$

1,350 

$

159 

$

5,291 

1
At December 31, 2020 Edison International Parent had $130 million outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, at a weighted-average interest rate of 
0.42%. At December 31, 2019 Edison International Parent did 
no
t have any outstanding commercial paper.

2
This credit facility may be extended for two 364-day periods, at the lenders' discretion. The aggregate maximum principal amount may be increased up to $1.1 billion provided that additional lender commitments are obtained.

3
At December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, SCE had $725 million and $
550 million outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, at a weighted-average interest rate of 
0.43% and 
2.24%, respectively. As of December 31, 2020, $
324 million outstanding commercial paper was classified as long-term debt due to subsequent refinancing. See "Debt Financing Subsequent to December 31, 2020" for more information. 

4
The aggregate maximum principal amount under the SCE and Edison International Parent revolving credit facilities may be increased up to $4.0 billion and $
2.0 billion, respectively, provided that additional lender commitments are obtained. 

Term loan and other short-term debt

The following table summarizes the status of SCE's term loan and other short-term debt as of December 31, 2020:

(in millions, except for rates)

Issuance Date

Maturity

LIBOR plus (bps)

Use of Proceeds

Issuance Amount

Term loan 

March 2020

March 2021

60

Fund a portion of the AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures

$

475 

Floating rate first and refunding mortgage bonds

December 2020

December 2021

27

Partial repayment of AB 1054 credit facility and commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes

900 

In March 2020, Edison International Parent borrowed $800 million under a term loan agreement due in March 2021 with a variable interest rate based on LIBOR plus 
1.125%. The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. In May 2020, Edison International repaid the outstanding balance of the term loan using the proceeds from issuance of common stock in a registered direct offering. Refer to Note 14 for details of the common stock issuance. 

87

Debt Financing Subsequent to December 31, 2020 

In January 2021, SCE issued $750 million of 
2.95% first and refunding mortgage bonds due in 2051 and $
150 million of 
2.25% first and refunding mortgage bonds due in 2030. The proceeds were primarily used to repay SCE's commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes.

Note 6.    Derivative Instruments

Derivative financial instruments are used to manage exposure to commodity price risk. These risks are managed in part by entering into forward commodity transactions, including options, swaps and futures. To mitigate credit risk from counterparties in the event of nonperformance, master netting agreements are used whenever possible and counterparties may be required to pledge collateral depending on the creditworthiness of each counterparty and the risk associated with the transaction. 

Commodity Price Risk

Commodity price risk represents the potential impact that can be caused by a change in the market value of a particular commodity. SCE's electricity price exposure arises from energy purchased from and sold to wholesale markets as a result of differences between SCE's load requirements and the amount of energy delivered from its generating facilities and PPAs. SCE's natural gas price exposure arises from natural gas purchased for the Mountainview power plant and peaker plants, qualifying facilities contracts where pricing is based on a monthly natural gas index and PPAs in which SCE has agreed to provide the natural gas needed for generation, referred to as tolling arrangements.

Credit and Default Risk

Credit and default risk represent the potential impact that can be caused if a counterparty were to default on its contractual obligations and SCE would be exposed to spot markets for buying replacement power or selling excess power. In addition, SCE would be exposed to the risk of non-payment of accounts receivable, primarily related to the sales of excess power and realized gains on derivative instruments.

Certain power and gas contracts contain master netting agreements or similar agreements, which generally allow counterparties subject to the agreement to offset amounts when certain criteria are met, such as in the event of default. The objective of netting is to reduce credit exposure. Additionally, to reduce SCE's risk exposures counterparties may be required to pledge collateral depending on the creditworthiness of each counterparty and the risk associated with the transaction.

Certain power and gas contracts contain a provision that requires SCE to maintain an investment grade rating from each of the major credit rating agencies, referred to as a credit-risk-related contingent feature. If SCE's credit rating were to fall below investment grade, SCE may be required to post additional collateral to cover derivative liabilities and the related outstanding payables. The net fair value of all derivative liabilities with these credit-risk-related contingent features was less than $1 million and $
1 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, for which SCE has posted 
no
 collateral to its counterparties at the respective dates for its derivative liabilities and related outstanding payables for both periods. If the credit-risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements were triggered on December 31, 2020, SCE would be required to post $
3 million of additional collateral, all of which is related to outstanding payables.

88

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments

SCE presents its derivative assets and liabilities on a net basis on its consolidated balance sheets when subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements. Derivative positions are also offset against margin and cash collateral deposits. In addition, SCE has provided collateral in the form of letters of credit. Collateral requirements can vary depending upon the level of unsecured credit extended by counterparties, changes in market prices relative to contractual commitments and other factors. See Note 4 for a discussion of fair value of derivative instruments. The following table summarizes the gross and net fair values of SCE's commodity derivative instruments:

December 31, 2020

Derivative Assets

Derivative Liabilities

Net Asset

(in millions)

Short-Term
1

Long-Term
2

Subtotal

Short-Term
3

Long-Term

Subtotal

Commodity derivative contracts

Gross amounts recognized

$

103 

$

23 

$

126 

$

16 

$

6 

$

22 

$

104 

Gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheets

(12)

(6)

(18)

(12)

(6)

(18)

— 

Cash collateral posted
4

— 

— 

— 

(4)

— 

(4)

4 

Net amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets

$

91 

$

17 

$

108 

$

— 

$

— 

$

— 

$

108 

December 31, 2019

Derivative Assets

Derivative Liabilities

Net Asset

(in millions)

Short-Term
1

Long-Term
2

Subtotal

Short-Term
3

Long-Term

Subtotal

Commodity derivative contracts

Gross amounts recognized

$

94 

$

8 

$

102 

$

14 

$

2 

$

16 

$

86 

Gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheets

(13)

(2)

(15)

(13)

(2)

(15)

— 

Cash collateral posted
4

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

Net amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets

$

81 

$

6 

$

87 

$

1 

$

— 

$

1 

$

86 

1
Included in "Other current assets" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets.

2
Included in "Other long-term assets" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets.

3
Included in "Other current liabilities" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets.

4
At December 31, 2020, SCE posted $17 million of cash, of which $
4 million was offset against derivative liabilities and $
13 million was reflected in "Other current assets" on the consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2019, SCE posted $
24 million of cash, all of which was not offset against net derivative liabilities and was reflected in "Other current assets" on the consolidated balance sheets.

Financial Statement Impact of Derivative Instruments

SCE recognizes realized gains and losses on derivative instruments as purchased power expense and expects that such gains or losses will be part of the purchased power costs recovered from customers. As a result, realized gains and losses do not affect earnings, but may temporarily affect cash flows. Due to expected future recovery from customers, unrealized gains and losses are recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities and therefore also do not affect earnings. The remaining effects of derivative activities and related regulatory offsets are reported in cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.

89

The following table summarizes the components of SCE's economic hedging activity:

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

Realized gains (losses)

$

87 

$

(7)

$

26 

Unrealized gains (losses) 

17 

(74)

82 

Notional Volumes of Derivative Instruments

The following table summarizes the notional volumes of derivatives used for SCE economic hedging activities:

Economic Hedges

Unit of

December 31,

Commodity

Measure

2020

2019

Electricity options, swaps and forwards

GWh

1,581

3,155

Natural gas options, swaps and forwards

Bcf

34

43

Congestion revenue rights

GWh

41,151

48,170

Note 7.    Revenue

•
Earning activities – representing revenue authorized by the CPUC and FERC, which is intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs and earn a return on its net investment in generation, transmission and distribution assets. The annual revenue requirements are comprised of authorized operation and maintenance costs, depreciation, taxes and a return consistent with the capital structure. Also, included in earnings activities are revenues or penalties related to incentive mechanisms, other operating revenue and regulatory charges or disallowances.

•
Cost-recovery activities – representing CPUC- and FERC- authorized balancing accounts, which allow for recovery of specific project or program costs, subject to reasonableness review or compliance with upfront standards. Cost-recovery activities include rates which provide recovery, subject to reasonableness review of, among other things, fuel costs, purchased power costs, public purpose related-program costs (including energy efficiency and demand-side management programs) and certain operation and maintenance expenses. SCE earns no return on these activities.

The following table is a summary of SCE's revenue:

Years ended December 31,

2020

2019

2018

(in millions)

Earning Activities

Cost- Recovery Activities

Total Consolidated

Earning Activities

Cost- Recovery Activities

Total Consolidated

Earning Activities

Cost-Recovery Activities

Total Consolidated

Revenues from contracts with customers
1,2

$

6,920 

$

5,539 

$

12,459

$

6,512 

$

4,655 

$

11,167

$

6,519 

$

5,611 

$

12,130

Alternative revenue programs and other operating revenue
3

548

539

1,087

166

973

1,139

41

440

481

Total operating revenue

$

7,468 

$

6,078 

$

13,546 

$

6,678 

$

5,628 

$

12,306 

$

6,560 

$

6,051 

$

12,611 

1    
In the absence of a 2018 GRC decision, SCE recognized CPUC revenue in 2018 and first quarter of 2019 based on the 2017 authorized revenue requirements adjusted mainly for the July 2017 cost of capital decision and Tax Reform. SCE recorded the impact of the 2018 GRC final decision in the second quarter of 2019, including a $289 million reduction in revenue related to 2018.

These revenue adjustments are included in "Revenues from contracts with customers." See "Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies—Revenue Recognition—Regulatory Proceedings—2018 General Rate Case" for further information. 

2    
At December 31, 2020 and 2019, SCE's receivables related to contracts from customers were $1.5 billion and $
1.1 billion, which included accrued unbilled revenue of $
521 million and $
488 million, respectively.

3    
Includes differences between amounts billed and authorized levels for both the CPUC and FERC.

90

Note 8.    Income Taxes 

Current and Deferred Taxes

The components of income tax (benefit) expense by location of taxing jurisdiction are: 

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Current:

Federal

$

13 

$

— 

$

(57)

$

12 

$

— 

$

(51)

State

(22)

6 

(155)

(26)

14 

(93)

(9)

6 

(212)

(14)

14 

(144)

Deferred:

Federal

(230)

(243)

(386)

(207)

(206)

(354)

State

(66)

(41)

(141)

(56)

(37)

(198)

(296)

(284)

(527)

(263)

(243)

(552)

Total continuing operations

(305)

(278)

(739)

(277)

(229)

(696)

Discontinued operations
1

— 

— 

(34)

— 

— 

— 

Total

$

(305)

$

(278)

$

(773)

$

(277)

$

(229)

$

(696)

1     
In the fourth quarter of 2018, Edison International and SCE recognized tax benefits related to a settlement with the California Franchise Tax Board for tax years 1994 
–

 2006. See further discussion in Tax Disputes below. 

91

The components of net accumulated deferred income tax liability are:

Edison International

SCE

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2020

2019

Deferred tax assets:

Property

$

590 

$

478 

$

540 

$

435 

Wildfire-related
1

1,134 

847 

1,134 

847 

Nuclear decommissioning trust assets in excess of nuclear ARO liability

515 

449 

515 

449 

Loss and credit carryforwards
2

1,991 

1,515 

683 

253 

Regulatory asset

841 

739 

841 

739 

Pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions, net

163 

170 

35 

40 

Other

513 

408 

527 

416 

Sub-total

5,747 

4,606 

4,275 

3,179 

Less: valuation allowance
3

35 

35 

— 

— 

Total

5,712 

4,571 

4,275 

3,179 

Deferred tax liabilities:

Property

8,879 

8,244 

8,871 

8,234 

Regulatory liability

1,111 

570 

1,111 

570 

Nuclear decommissioning trust assets

515 

449 

515 

449 

Other

514 

320 

499 

310 

Total

11,019 

9,583 

10,996 

9,563 

Accumulated deferred income tax liability, net
4

$

5,307 

$

5,012 

$

6,721 

$

6,384 

1     
Relates to accrued estimated losses for wildfire-related claims, net of expected recoveries from insurance and FERC customers, and contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund. For further information, see Note 12 and Note 1.

2     
As of December 31, 2020, deferred tax assets for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are reduced by unrecognized tax benefits of $270 million and $
190 million for Edison International and SCE, respectively.

3     
As of December 31, 2020, Edison International has recorded a valuation allowance of $31 million for non-California state net operating loss carryforwards, and $
4 million for California capital losses generated from sale of SoCore Energy in 2018, which are estimated to expire before being utilized. 

4     

Included in "Deferred income taxes and credits" on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Net Operating Loss and Tax Credit Carryforwards

The amounts of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards (after-tax) are as follows:

Edison International

SCE

December 31, 2020

(in millions)

Loss Carryforwards

Credit Carryforwards

Loss Carryforwards

Credit Carryforwards

Expire in 2021

$

4 

$

— 

$

4 

$

— 

Expire between 2022 to 2025

31 

— 

26 

— 

Expire between 2029 to 2042

1,192 

515 

380 

50 

No expiration date
1

509 

10 

413 

— 

Total

$

1,736 

$

525 

$

823 

$

50 

1
Under Tax Reform, federal net operating losses generated

after December 31, 2017 can carryforward indefinitely.

Edison International consolidates for federal income tax purposes, but not for financial accounting purposes, a group of wind projects referred to as Capistrano Wind. The amount of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards recognized as part of 

92

deferred income taxes includes $218 million and $
212 million related to Capistrano Wind for 2020 and 2019, respectively. Under a tax allocation agreement, Edison International has recorded a corresponding liability as part of other long-term liabilities related to its obligation to make payments to Capistrano Wind of these tax benefits when realized.

Effective Tax Rate

The table below provides a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at the federal statutory income tax rate to the income tax provision:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes

$

566 

$

1,127 

$

(1,089)

$

665 

$

1,301 

$

(885)

Provision for income tax at federal statutory rate of 21%

119 

237 

(229)

140 

273 

(186)

Increase in income tax from:

Items presented with related state income tax, net:

State tax, net of federal benefit

(61)

(22)

(168)

(52)

(13)

(155)

Property-related

(320)

(303)

(275)

(320)

(303)

(275)

Change related to uncertain tax positions
1

(15)

— 

(66)

(19)

— 

(71)

Deferred tax re-measurement
2

— 

(88)

— 

— 

(88)

— 

2018 GRC Final Decision

— 

(80)

— 

— 

(80)

— 

Corporate-owned life insurance cash surrender value

(8)

(8)

(8)

(8)

(8)

(8)

Other

(20)

(14)

7 

(18)

(10)

(1)

Total income tax benefit from continuing operations

$

(305)

$

(278)

$

(739)

$

(277)

$

(229)

$

(696)

Effective tax rate

(53.9)

%

(24.7)

%

(67.9)

%

(41.7)

%

(17.6)

%

(78.6)

%

1    
In 2020, Edison International and SCE recognized tax expense and benefit, respectively, primarily due to the re-measurement of uncertain tax positions related to the 2010 – 2012 California state tax filings currently under audit. In 2018, Edison International and SCE recognized tax benefits related to a settlement with the California Franchise Tax Board for tax years 1994 – 2006. See further discussion in Tax Disputes below.

2     
Relates to changes in the allocation of deferred tax re-measurement between customers and shareholders as a result of a CPUC resolution issued in February 2019. The resolution determined that customers are only entitled to excess deferred taxes which were included when setting rates, while other deferred tax re-measurement belongs to the shareholders.

The CPUC requires flow-through ratemaking treatment for the current tax benefit arising from certain property-related and other temporary differences which reverse over time. Flow-through items reduce current authorized revenue requirements in SCE's rate cases and result in a regulatory asset for recovery of deferred income taxes in future periods. The difference between the authorized amounts as determined in SCE's rate cases, adjusted for balancing and memorandum account activities, and the recorded flow-through items also result in increases or decreases in regulatory assets with a corresponding impact on the effective tax rate to the extent that recorded deferred amounts are expected to be recovered in future rates. For further information, see Note 11.

Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes

Authoritative guidance related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes requires an enterprise to recognize, in its financial statements, the best estimate of the impact of a tax position by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not, based solely on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. The guidance requires the disclosure of all unrecognized tax benefits, which includes both the reserves recorded for tax positions on filed tax returns and the unrecognized portion of affirmative claims.

93

Unrecognized Tax Benefits

The following table provides a reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits for continuing and discontinued operations:

Edison International

SCE

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Balance at January 1,

$

370 

$

338 

$

432 

$

282 

$

249 

$

331 

Tax positions taken during the current year:

Increases

55 

46 

41 

56 

47 

42 

Tax positions taken during a prior year:

Increases
1

274 

6 

— 

4 

6 

— 

Decreases
2

(20)

(20)

(108)

(22)

(20)

(121)

Settlements with taxing authorities
3

— 

— 

(27)

— 

— 

(3)

Balance at December 31,

$

679 

$

370 

$

338 

$

320 

$

282 

$

249 

1

Edison International recorded favorable tax positions in 2020 in connection with the Edison Mission Energy ("EME") bankruptcy that required a revaluation of the reserve for uncertain tax positions.

2 
     Decrease in 2018 was related to re-measurement as a result of a settlement with the California Franchise Tax Board for tax years 1994 – 2006.

3
     In 2018, Edison International reached a settlement with the California Franchise Tax Board for tax years 1994 – 2006.

As of December 31, 2020, if recognized, $446 million of unrecognized tax benefits would impact Edison International's effective tax rate and $
87 million of the unrecognized tax benefits would impact SCE's effective tax rate.

Tax Disputes

Tax years that remain open for examination by the IRS and the California Franchise Tax Board are 2016 – 2019 and 2013 – 2019, respectively. Tax years 2007 – 2012 are currently subject to a settlement proceeding with the California Franchise Tax Board. Edison International does not expect to resolve these tax years within the next 12 months. Any impacts cannot be reasonably estimated until further progress is made.

In the fourth quarter of 2018, Edison International recorded the impacts of a settlement reached with the California Franchise Tax Board for tax years 1994 – 2006 that resulted in a $65 million refund of tax and interest. This refund was received in the second quarter of 2019. 

Accrued Interest and Penalties

The total amount of accrued interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities for continuing and discontinued operations are:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2020

2019

Accrued interest and penalties

$

52 

$

56 

$

23 

$

29 

The net after-tax interest and penalties recognized in income tax expense (benefit) for continuing and discontinued operations are:

Edison International

SCE

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Net after-tax interest and penalties tax expense (benefit)

$

4 

$

4 

$

(62)

$

6 

$

3 

$

(25)

94

Note 9.    Compensation and Benefit Plans

Employee Savings Plan

The 401(k) defined contribution savings plan is designed to supplement employees' retirement income. The employer contributions were as follows:

Edison International

SCE

(in millions)

Years ended December 31,

2020

$

93 

$

92 

2019

82 

81 

2018

74 

74 

Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions

Pension Plans

Noncontributory defined benefit pension plans (some with cash balance features) cover most employees meeting minimum service requirements. Employees hired by the Participating Companies on or after December 31, 2017 will no longer be eligible to participate in the Plan. In lieu of that, an additional non-contributory employer contribution will be deposited into the Edison 401(k) Savings Plan. SCE recognizes pension expense for its nonexecutive plan as calculated by the actuarial method used for ratemaking. The expected contributions (all by the employer) for Edison International and SCE are approximately $55 million and $
31 million, respectively, for the year ending December 31, 2021. Annual contributions made by SCE to most of SCE's pension plans are anticipated to be recovered through CPUC-approved regulatory mechanisms. 

The funded position of Edison International's pension is sensitive to changes in market conditions. Changes in overall interest rate levels significantly affect the company's liabilities, while assets held in the various trusts established to fund Edison International's pension are affected by movements in the equity and bond markets. Due to SCE's regulatory recovery treatment, a regulatory asset has been recorded equal to the unfunded status. See Note 11 for further information.

95

Information on pension plan assets and benefit obligations for continuing and discontinued operations is shown below.

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2020

2019

Change in projected benefit obligation

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year

$

4,139 

$

3,880 

$

3,662 

$

3,431 

Service cost

121 

114 

117 

110 

Interest cost

124 

155 

110 

138 

Actuarial loss 

323 

240 

292 

199 

Benefits paid

(231)

(250)

(197)

(216)

Projected benefit obligation at end of year

$

4,476 

$

4,139 

$

3,984 

$

3,662 

Change in plan assets

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

$

3,755 

$

3,321 

$

3,541 

$

3,124 

Actual return on plan assets

584 

611 

551 

576 

Employer contributions

62 

73 

45 

57 

Benefits paid

(230)

(250)

(197)

(216)

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

4,171 

3,755 

3,940 

3,541 

Funded status at end of year

$

(305)

$

(384)

$

(44)

$

(121)

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of 
1
:

Current liabilities

(24)

(19)

(2)

(2)

Long-term liabilities

(281)

(365)

(42)

(119)

$

(305)

$

(384)

$

(44)

$

(121)

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of:

Prior service cost

$

(1)

$

(1)

$

— 

$

— 

Net loss
1

96 

95 

16 

17 

95 

94 

16 

17 

Amounts recognized as a regulatory asset

12 

87 

12 

87 

Total not yet recognized as expense

$

107 

$

181 

$

28 

$

104 

Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year

$

4,238 

$

3,968 

$

3,776 

$

3,529 

Pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets:

Projected benefit obligation

4,476 

4,139 

3,984 

3,662 

Accumulated benefit obligation

4,238 

3,968 

3,776 

3,529 

Fair value of plan assets

4,171 

3,755 

3,940 

3,541 

Weighted average assumptions used to determine obligations at end of year:

Discount rate

2.38 

%

3.11 

%

2.38 

%

3.11 

%

Rate of compensation increase

4.00 

%

4.10 

%

4.00 

%

4.10 

%

1    
The SCE liability excludes a long-term payable due to Edison International Parent of $139 million and $
133 million at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, related to certain SCE postretirement benefit obligations transferred to Edison International Parent. SCE's accumulated other comprehensive loss of $
16 million and $
17 million

at December 31, 2020 and 2019, excludes net losses of $41 million and $
37 million related to these benefits, respectively.

For Edison International and SCE, respectively, the 2020 actuarial losses are primarily related to $339 million and $
305 million in losses from a decrease in the discount rate (from 
3.11% as of December 31, 2019 to 
2.38% as of 

December 31, 2020), partially offset by
 $117 million and $
124 million in gains from other economic assumption changes; the 2019 actuarial losses are primarily related to $
401 million and $
373 million in losses from a decrease in the discount rate (from 
4.19% as of 

96

December 31, 2018 to 3.11% as of December 31, 2019), partially offset by $
157 million and $
177 million in gains from other economic assumption changes. 

Net periodic pension expense components for continuing operations are:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Service cost

$

121 

$

114 

$

126 

$

119 

$

111 

$

123 

Non-service cost

  Interest cost

124 

155 

140 

114 

143 

128 

  Expected return on plan assets

(215)

(205)

(228)

(203)

(194)

(214)

  Amortization of prior service cost

2 

2 

3 

1 

2 

3 

  Amortization of net loss

10 

7 

9 

7 

5 

6 

  Regulatory adjustment (deferred)

16 

(3)

15 

16 

(3)

15 

Total non-service benefit

(63)

(44)

(61)

(65)

(47)

(62)

Total expense recognized

$

58 

$

70 

$

65 

$

54 

$

64 

$

61 

Other changes in pension plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive loss for continuing operations:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Net loss

$

11 

$

19 

$

5 

$

9 

$

21 

$

5 

Amortization of net loss

(10)

(7)

(9)

(7)

(5)

(6)

Total recognized in other comprehensive loss

1 

12 

(4)

2 

16 

(1)

Total recognized in expense and other comprehensive loss

$

59 

$

82 

$

61 

$

56 

$

80 

$

60 

In accordance with authoritative guidance on rate-regulated enterprises, SCE records regulatory assets and liabilities instead of charges and credits to other comprehensive income (loss) for the portion of SCE's postretirement benefit plans that are recoverable in utility rates. 

Edison International and SCE used the following weighted average assumptions to determine pension expense for continuing operations:

Years ended December 31,

2020

2019

2018

Discount rate

3.11

%

4.19

%

3.46

%

Rate of compensation increase

4.10

%

4.10

%

4.10

%

Expected long-term return on plan assets

6.00

%

6.50

%

6.50

%

Interest crediting rate for cash balance account

Starting rate

3.61

%

4.46

%

4.36

%

Ultimate rate

5.00

%

5.75

%

5.75

%

Year ultimate rate is reached

2025

2022

2022

97

The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are expected to be paid:

(in millions)

Edison International

SCE

2021

$

294 

$

254 

2022

297 

259 

2023

298 

262 

2024

299 

266 

2025

302 

268 

2026 
–
 2030

1,403 

1,317 

Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions ("PBOP(s)")

Employees hired prior to December 31, 2017 who are retiring at or after age 55 with at least 
10 years of service may be eligible for postretirement healthcare benefits. Eligibility for a company contribution toward the cost of these benefits in retirement depends on a number of factors, including the employee's years of service, age, hire date, and retirement date. Employees hired on or after December 31, 2017 are no longer eligible for retiree healthcare benefits. In lieu of those benefits, the Company will provide a health reimbursement account of $
200 per month available only after meeting certain age and service year requirements. Under the terms of the Edison International Welfare Benefit Plan ("PBOP Plan"), each participating employer (Edison International or its participating subsidiaries) is responsible for the costs and expenses of all PBOP Plan benefits with respect to its employees and former employees that exceed the participants' share of contributions. A participating employer may terminate the PBOP Plan benefits with respect to its employees and former employees, as may SCE (as PBOP Plan sponsor), and, accordingly, the participants' PBOP Plan benefits are not vested benefits. 

The expected contributions (substantially all of which are expected to be made by SCE) for PBOP benefits are $9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Annual contributions related to SCE employees made to SCE plans are anticipated to be recovered through CPUC-approved regulatory mechanisms and are expected to be, at a minimum, equal to the total annual expense for these plans. 

SCE has three voluntary employees' beneficiary association trusts ("VEBA Trusts") that can only be used to pay for retiree health care benefits of SCE and its subsidiaries. Once funded into the VEBA Trusts, neither SCE nor Edison International can subsequently recover remaining amounts in the VEBA Trusts. Participants of the PBOP Plan do not have a beneficial interest in the VEBA Trusts. The VEBA Trust assets are sensitive to changes in market conditions. Changes in overall interest rate levels significantly affect the company's liabilities, while assets held in the various trusts established to fund Edison International's other postretirement benefits are affected by movements in the equity and bond markets. Due to SCE's regulatory recovery treatment, the unfunded status is offset by a regulatory asset.

98

Information on PBOP Plan assets and benefit obligations is shown below:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2020

2019

Change in benefit obligation

Benefit obligation at beginning of year

$

2,083 

$

1,986 

$

2,074 

$

1,977 

Service cost

38 

30 

37 

30 

Interest cost

63 

77 

63 

77 

Actuarial (gain) loss

(46)

70 

(45)

70 

Plan participants' contributions

29 

29 

29 

29 

Benefits paid

(94)

(109)

(94)

(109)

Benefit obligation at end of year

$

2,073 

$

2,083 

$

2,064 

$

2,074 

Change in plan assets

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

$

2,465 

$

2,133 

$

2,464 

$

2,133 

Actual return on assets

309 

401 

309 

401 

Employer contributions

8 

11 

8 

10 

Plan participants' contributions

29 

29 

29 

29 

Benefits paid

(94)

(109)

(93)

(109)

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

2,717 

2,465 

2,717 

2,464 

Funded status at end of year

$

644 

$

382 

$

653 

$

390 

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of:

Long-term assets

$

663 

$

393 

$

663 

$

402 

Current liabilities

(10)

(11)

(10)

(12)

Long-term liabilities

(9)

— 

— 

— 

$

644 

$

382 

$

653 

$

390 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of:

    Net loss

$

1 

$

2 

$

— 

$

— 

Amounts recognized as a regulatory liability

(671)

(416)

(671)

(416)

Total not yet recognized as income

$

(670)

$

(414)

$

(671)

$

(416)

Weighted average assumptions used to determine obligations at end of year:

Discount rate

2.67 

%

3.32 

%

2.67 

%

3.32 

%

Assumed health care cost trend rates:

Rate assumed for following year

6.50 

%

6.50 

%

6.50 

%

6.50 

%

Ultimate rate

5.00 

%

5.00 

%

5.00 

%

5.00 

%

Year ultimate rate reached

2029

2029

2029

2029

99

Net periodic PBOP expense components for continuing operations are:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Service cost

$

38 

$

30 

$

37 

$

37 

$

30 

$

37 

Non-service cost

  Interest cost

63 

77 

80 

63 

77 

80 

  Expected return on plan assets

(119)

(111)

(121)

(119)

(111)

(122)

  Amortization of prior service credit

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

(1)

  Amortization of net gain

(29)

(17)

— 

(29)

(17)

— 

  Regulatory adjustment 

49 

29 

24 

49 

29 

24 

Total non-service benefit

(37)

(23)

(18)

(37)

(23)

(19)

Total expense

$

1 

$

7 

$

19 

$

— 

$

7 

$

18 

In accordance with authoritative guidance on rate-regulated enterprises, SCE records regulatory assets and liabilities instead of charges and credits to other comprehensive income (loss) for the portion of SCE's postretirement benefit plans that are recoverable in utility rates. 

Edison International and SCE used the following weighted average assumptions to determine PBOP expense for continuing operations:

Years ended December 31,

2020

2019

2018

Discount rate

3.32

%

4.35

%

3.70

%

Expected long-term return on plan assets

4.90

%

5.30

%

5.30

%

Assumed health care cost trend rates:

Current year

6.50

%

6.75

%

6.75

%

Ultimate rate

5.00

%

5.00

%

5.00

%

Year ultimate rate reached

2029

2029

2029

The following benefit payments (net of plan participants' contributions) are expected to be paid:

(in millions)

Edison International

SCE

2021

$

83 

$

82 

2022

84 

84 

2023

86 

86 

2024

89 

88 

2025

90 

90 

2026 – 2030

475 

472 

100

Plan Assets

Description of Pension and Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions Investment Strategies

The investment of plan assets is overseen by a fiduciary investment committee. Plan assets are invested using a combination of asset classes and may have active and passive investment strategies within asset classes. Target allocations for 2020 pension plan assets were 23% for U.S. equities, 
17% for non-U.S. equities, 
45% for fixed income and 
15% for opportunistic and/or alternative investments. Target allocations for 2020 PBOP plan assets (except for Represented VEBA which is 
95% for fixed income and 
5% for U.S. and non-U.S. equities) are 
58% for U.S. and non-U.S. equities, 
29% for fixed income and 
13% for opportunistic and/or alternative investments. Edison International employs multiple investment management firms. Investment managers within each asset class cover a range of investment styles and approaches. Risk is managed through diversification among multiple asset classes, managers, styles and securities. Plan asset classes and individual manager performances are measured against targets. Edison International also monitors the stability of its investment managers' organizations.

Allowable investment types include:

•
United States equities: common and preferred stocks of large, medium, and small companies which are predominantly United States-based.

•
Non-United States equities: equity securities issued by companies domiciled outside the United States and in depository receipts which represent ownership of securities of non-United States companies.

•
Fixed income: fixed income securities issued or guaranteed by the United States government, non-United States governments, government agencies and instrumentalities including municipal bonds, mortgage backed securities and corporate debt obligations. A portion of the fixed income positions may be held in debt securities that are below investment grade.

•
Opportunistic, alternative and other investments: Opportunistic investments in short to intermediate term market opportunities. Investments may have fixed income and/or equity characteristics and may be either liquid or illiquid. Alternative investments are limited partnerships that invest in non-publicly traded entities. Other investments are diversified among multiple asset classes such as global equity, fixed income currency and commodities markets. Investments are made in liquid instruments within and across markets. The investment returns are expected to approximate the plans' expected investment returns.

Asset class portfolio weights are permitted to range within plus or minus 3%. Where approved by the fiduciary investment committee, futures contracts are used for portfolio rebalancing and to reallocate portfolio cash positions. Where authorized, a few of the plans' investment managers employ limited use of derivatives, including futures contracts, options, options on futures and interest rate swaps in place of direct investment in securities to gain efficient exposure to markets. Derivatives are not used to leverage the plans or any portfolios.

Determination of the Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Assets

The overall expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption is based on the long-term target asset allocation for plan assets and capital markets return forecasts for asset classes employed. A portion of the PBOP trust asset returns are subject to taxation, so the expected long-term rate of return for these assets is determined on an after-tax basis.

Capital Markets Return Forecasts

SCE's capital markets return forecast methodologies primarily use a combination of historical market data, current market conditions, proprietary forecasting expertise, complex models to develop asset class return forecasts and a building block approach. The forecasts are developed using variables such as real risk-free interest, inflation and asset class specific risk premiums. For equities, the risk premium is based on an assumed average equity risk premium of 5% over cash. The forecasted return on private equity and opportunistic investments are estimated at a 
4% premium above public equity, reflecting a premium for higher volatility and lower liquidity. For fixed income, the risk premium is based on a comprehensive modeling of credit spreads.

Fair Value of Plan Assets

The PBOP Plan and the Southern California Edison Company Retirement Plan Trust ("Master Trust") assets include investments in equity securities, U.S. treasury securities, other fixed-income securities, common/collective funds, mutual funds, other investment entities, foreign exchange and interest rate contracts, and partnership/joint ventures. Equity securities, 

101

U.S. treasury securities, mutual and money market funds are classified as Level 1 as fair value is determined by observable, unadjusted quoted market prices in active or highly liquid and transparent markets. The fair value of the underlying investments in equity mutual funds are based on stock-exchange prices. The fair value of the underlying investments in fixed-income mutual funds and other fixed income securities including municipal bonds are based on evaluated prices that reflect significant observable market information such as reported trades, actual trade information of similar securities, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, bids, offers and relevant credit information. Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts are classified as Level 2 because the values are based on observable prices but are not traded on an exchange. Futures contracts trade on an exchange and therefore are classified as Level 1. No investment is classified as Level 3 as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. Common/collective funds and partnerships are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share ("NAV") and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. Other investment entities are valued similarly to common/collective funds and are therefore classified as NAV. The Level 1 registered investment companies are either mutual or money market funds. The remaining funds in this category are readily redeemable and classified as NAV and are discussed further at Note 9 to the pension plan master trust investments table below.

Edison International reviews the process/procedures of both the pricing services and the trustee to gain an understanding of the inputs/assumptions and valuation techniques used to price each asset type/class. The trustee and Edison International's validation procedures for pension and PBOP equity and fixed income securities are the same as the nuclear decommissioning trusts. For further discussion, see Note 4. The values of Level 1 mutual and money market funds are publicly quoted. The trustees obtain the values of common/collective and other investment funds from the fund managers. The values of partnerships are based on partnership valuation statements updated for cash flows. SCE's investment managers corroborate the trustee fair values.

Pension Plan

The following table sets forth the Master Trust investments for Edison International and SCE that were accounted for at fair value as of December 31, 2020 by asset class and level within the fair value hierarchy:

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

NAV
1

Total

U.S. government and agency securities
2

$

151 

$

1,006 

$

— 

$

1,157 

Corporate stocks
3

570 

5 

— 

575 

Corporate bonds
4

— 

601 

— 

601 

Common/collective funds
5

— 

— 

1,017 

1,017 

Partnerships/joint ventures
6

— 

— 

569 

569 

Other investment entities
7

— 

— 

137 

137 

Registered investment companies
8

69 

— 

23 

92 

Interest-bearing cash 

7 

— 

— 

7 

Other

— 

39 

— 

39 

Total

$

797 

$

1,651 

$

1,746 

$

4,194 

Receivables and payables, net

(23)

Combined net plan assets available for benefits

4,171 

SCE's share of net plan assets

$

3,940 

102

The following table sets forth the Master Trust investments that were accounted for at fair value as of December 31, 2019 by asset class and level within the fair value hierarchy:

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

NAV
1

Total

U.S. government and agency securities
2

$

146 

$

992 

$

— 

$

1,138 

Corporate stocks
3

547 

7 

— 

554 

Corporate bonds
4

— 

572 

— 

572 

Common/collective funds
5

— 

— 

693 

693 

Partnerships/joint ventures
6

— 

— 

471 

471 

Other investment entities
7

— 

— 

130 

130 

Registered investment companies
8

133 

— 

— 

133 

Interest-bearing cash

7 

— 

— 

7 

Other

— 

79 

— 

79 

Total

$

833 

$

1,650 

$

1,294 

$

3,777 

Receivables and payables, net

(22)

Combined net plan assets available for benefits

3,755 

SCE's share of net plan assets

$

3,541 

1    
These investments are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the net plan assets available for benefits. 

2    
Level 1 U.S. government and agency securities are U.S. treasury bonds and notes. Level 2 primarily relates to the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.

3    
Corporate stocks are diversified. Performance for actively managed separate accounts is primarily benchmarked against the Russell Indexes (40
%) and Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) index (
60
%), at both December 31, 2020 and 2019.

4    
Corporate bonds are diversified. At December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, this category includes $54 million and $
45 million for collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities.

5 
At December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, the common/collective assets were invested in equity index funds that seek to track performance of the Standard and Poor's 500 Index (37% and 
35%) and Russell 1000 indexes (
13% and 
17%). In addition, at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, 
40% and 
28% of the assets in this category are in index funds which seek to track performance in the MSCI All Country World Index exUS and 
8% and 
12% of this category are in non-index U.S. equity fund, which is actively managed. 

6    
At December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, 49% and 
51% are invested in private equity funds with investment strategies that include branded consumer products and clean technology companies, 
23% and 
17% are invested in ABS including distressed mortgages and commercial and residential loans, 
4% and 
8% are invested in a broad range of financial assets in all global markets. 
19
% are invested in publicly traded fixed income securities for both periods.

7    
At both December 31, 2020 and 2019, other investment entities were invested in (1) emerging market equity securities and (2) domestic mortgage backed securities. 

8    
Level 1 registered investment companies primarily consisted of a global equity mutual fund which seeks to outperform the MSCI World Total Return Index. In addition, investments included fixed income fund used for cash management at December 31, 2020.

At December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, approximately 59% and 
56% of the publicly traded equity investments, including equities in the common/collective funds, were located in the United States.

103

Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions

The following table sets forth the VEBA Trust assets for Edison International and SCE that were accounted for at fair value as of December 31, 2020 by asset class and level within the fair value hierarchy:

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

NAV
1

Total

U.S. government and agency securities
2

$

380 

$

30 

$

— 

$

410 

Corporate stocks
3

224 

3 

— 

227 

Corporate notes and bonds
4

— 

1,079 

— 

1,079 

Common/collective funds
5

— 

— 

693 

693 

Partnerships
6

— 

— 

81 

81 

Registered investment companies
7

65 

— 

— 

65 

Interest bearing cash 

— 

26 

— 

26 

Other
8

— 

132 

— 

132 

Total

$

669 

$

1,270 

$

774 

$

2,713 

Receivables and payables, net

4 

Combined net plan assets available for benefits

2,717 

SCE's share of net plan assets

$

2,717 

The following table sets forth the VEBA Trust assets for Edison International and SCE that were accounted for at fair value as of December 31, 2019 by asset class and level within the fair value hierarchy:

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

NAV
1

Total

U.S. government and agency securities
2

$

386 

$

63 

$

— 

$

449 

Corporate stocks
3

242 

2 

— 

244 

Corporate notes and bonds
4

— 

885 

— 

885 

Common/collective funds
5

— 

— 

652 

652 

Partnerships
6

— 

— 

68 

68 

Registered investment companies
7

66 

— 

— 

66 

Interest bearing cash

— 

17 

— 

17 

Other
8

2 

101 

— 

103 

Total

$

696 

$

1,068 

$

720 

$

2,484 

Receivables and payables, net

(19)

Combined net plan assets available for benefits

2,465 

SCE's share of net plan assets

$

2,464 

1
    These investments are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the net plan assets available for benefits. 

2    
Level 1 U.S. government and agency securities are U.S. treasury bonds and notes. Level 2 primarily relates to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and the Federal National Mortgage Association.

3    
Corporate stock performance for actively managed separate accounts is primarily benchmarked against the Russell Indexes (70%

and

68%) and the MSCI All Country World Index (
30%

 and 
32%) for 2020 and 2019, respectively.

4    
Corporate notes and bonds are diversified and include approximately $170 million and $
49 million for commercial collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

5    
At December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, 70% and 
74% of the common/collective assets are invested in index funds which seek to track performance in the MSCI All Country World Index Investable Market Index. 
22% and 
19% are invested in a non-index U.S. equity fund which is actively managed. The remaining assets in this category are primarily invested in emerging market fund. 

6    
At December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, 46% and 
55% of the partnerships are invested in private equity and venture capital funds. Investment strategies for these funds include branded consumer products, clean and information technology and healthcare. 
36% 

104

and 28% of the remaining partnerships category are invested in asset backed securities including distressed mortgages, distressed companies and commercial and residential loans and debt and equity of banks. 
18% and 
15% are invested in a broad range of financial assets in all global markets.

7    
At both December 31, 2020 and 2019, registered investment companies were primarily invested in a money market fund and exchange rate trade funds which seek to track performance of MSCI Emerging Market Index, Russell 2000 Index and international small cap equities. 

8    
Other includes $61 million and $
66 million of municipal securities at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

At December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, approximately 66% and 
65% of the publicly traded equity investments, including equities in the common/collective funds, were located in the United States.

Stock-Based Compensation

Edison International maintains a shareholder-approved incentive plan (the "2007 Performance Incentive Plan") that includes stock-based compensation. The maximum number of shares of Edison International's common stock authorized to be issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the 2007 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended, is approximately 71 million shares. As of December 31, 2020, Edison International had approximately 
23 million shares remaining available for new award grants under its stock-based compensation plans.

The following table summarizes total expense and tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Stock-based compensation expense
1
:

   Stock options

$

15 

$

13 

$

11 

$

7 

$

7 

$

6 

   Performance shares

5 

8 

1 

2 

4 

1 

   Restricted stock units

8 

6 

7 

4 

3 

4 

   Other

1 

2 

2 

— 

— 

— 

Total stock-based compensation expense

29 

29 

21 

13 

14 

11 

Income tax benefits related to stock compensation expense

$

4 

$

10 

$

6 

$

3 

$

6 

$

3 

1    
Reflected in "Operation and maintenance" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated statements of income.

Stock Options

Under the 2007 Performance Incentive Plan, Edison International has granted stock options at exercise prices equal to the closing price at the grant date. Edison International may grant stock options and other awards related to, or with a value derived from, its common stock to directors and certain employees. Options generally expire 10 years after the grant date and vest over a period of 
four years of continuous service in equal annual increments, except for awards granted to retirement-eligible participants, which vest on an accelerated basis.

105

The fair value for each option granted was determined as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires various assumptions noted in the following table:

Years ended December 31,

2020

2019

2018

Expected terms (in years)

5.2

5.5

5.7

Risk-free interest rate

0.4% - 
0.6%

1.6% - 
2.3%

2.6% - 
3.0%

Expected dividend yield

4.2% - 
5.0%

3.3% - 
4.0%

3.6% - 
4.3%

Weighted average expected dividend yield

4.7%

3.9%

3.8%

Expected volatility

24.9% - 
26.9%

21.7% -
24.1% 

20.9% - 
21.9%

Weighted average volatility

25.0%

21.8%

20.9%

The expected term represents the period of time for which the options are expected to be outstanding and is primarily based on historical exercise and post-vesting cancellation experience and stock price history. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury STRIPS (separate trading of registered interest and principal of securities) whose maturity corresponds to the option's expected term on the measurement date. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of Edison International's common stock for the length of the option's expected term for 2020. The volatility period used was 63 months, 
66 months and 
68 months at December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.

The following is a summary of the status of Edison International's stock options:

Weighted Average

Stock Options

ExercisePrice

RemainingContractual
Term (Years)

AggregateIntrinsic Value
(in millions)

Edison International:

Outstanding at December 31, 2019

9,278,677 

$

62.27 

Granted

1,993,954 

68.60 

Forfeited or expired

(203,340)

65.75 

Exercised
1

(359,908)

48.59 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020

10,709,383 

63.85 

6.03

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2020

10,391,796 

63.60 

6.17

$

30 

Exercisable at December 31, 2020

6,489,876 

$

62.08 

4.83

$

27 

SCE:

Outstanding at December 31, 2019

4,934,702 

$

61.01 

Granted

1,053,923 

68.27 

Forfeited or expired

(189,691)

65.75 

Exercised
1

(302,911)

49.49 

Affiliate transfers, net

(5,535)

63.36 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020

5,490,488 

62.85 

5.86

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2020

5,325,052 

62.50 

5.98

$

20 

Exercisable at December 31, 2020

3,361,238 

$

60.41 

4.56

$

19 

1 
Edison International and SCE recognized tax benefits of $2 million and $
2 million, respectively, from stock options exercised in 2020.

106

At December 31, 2020, total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options and the weighted average period the cost is expected to be recognized are as follows:

Edison International

SCE

Unrecognized compensation cost, net of expected forfeitures (in millions)

$

17 

$

9 

Weighted average period (in years)

2.3

2.3

Supplemental Data on Stock Options

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions, except per award amounts)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Stock options:

Weighted average grant date fair value per option granted

$

8.18 

$

8.80 

$

8.21 

$

8.16 

$

8.83 

$

8.22 

Fair value of options vested

2 

14 

14 

2 

7 

7 

Value of options exercised

9 

27 

10 

7 

19 

7 

Performance Shares

A target number of contingent performance shares were awarded to executives in March 2020, 2019 and 2018 and vest at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The vesting of the grants is dependent upon market and financial performance and service conditions as defined in the grants for each of the years. The number of performance shares earned from each year's grants could range from zero to twice the target number (plus additional units credited as dividend equivalents).

The fair value of market condition performance shares is determined using a 
Monte Carlo
 simulation valuation model for the total shareholder return. The fair value of financial performance condition performance shares is determined (i) at grant as the target number of shares (which Edison International determined to be the probable outcome) valued at the closing price on the grant date of Edison International common stock and (ii) subsequently using Edison International's earnings per share compared to pre-established targets. 

107

The following is a summary of the status of Edison International's nonvested performance shares:

Equity Awards

Liability Awards

Shares

Weighted AverageGrant Date
Fair Value

Shares

Weighted Average Grant DateFair Value

Edison International:

Nonvested at December 31, 2019

119,843 

$

66.03 

113,186 

$

67.30 

Granted

120,938 

67.55 

— 

Forfeited

(7,157)

66.76 

(3,825)

Vested
1

— 

— 

(109,361)

Nonvested at December 31, 2020

233,624 

$

66.80 

— 

$

— 

SCE:

Nonvested at December 31, 2019

63,172 

$

66.27 

58,399 

$

67.34 

Granted

64,133 

67.15 

— 

Forfeited

(6,408)

66.78 

(3,409)

Vested
1

— 

— 

(54,578)

Affiliate transfers, net

(253)

71.27

(412)

Nonvested at December 31, 2020

120,644 

$

66.70 

— 

$

— 

1
    Relates to performance shares that will be paid in 2021 as performance targets were met at December 31, 2020.

Restricted Stock Units

Restricted stock units were awarded to executives in March 2020, 2019 and 2018 and vest and become payable on January 3, 2023, January 3, 2022 and January 4, 2021, respectively. Each restricted stock unit awarded includes a dividend equivalent feature and is a contractual right to receive one share of Edison International common stock, if vesting requirements are satisfied. The vesting of Edison International's restricted stock units is dependent upon continuous service through the end of the vesting period, except for awards granted to retirement-eligible participants, which vest on an accelerated basis. 

The following is a summary of the status of Edison International's nonvested restricted stock units:

Edison International

SCE

RestrictedStock Units

Weighted AverageGrant Date
Fair Value

RestrictedStock Units

Weighted AverageGrant Date
Fair Value

Nonvested at December 31, 2019

311,682 

$

66.11 

159,985 

$

66.16 

Granted

119,038 

68.58 

63,042 

68.24 

Forfeited

(11,294)

63.90 

(10,095)

63.93 

Vested

(85,553)

78.94 

(42,549)

79.11 

Affiliate transfers, net

— 

— 

(1,963)

68.16 

Nonvested at December 31, 2020

333,873 

$

63.78 

168,420 

$

63.78 

The fair value for each restricted stock unit awarded is determined as the closing price of Edison International common stock on the grant date.

108

Note 10.    Investments

Nuclear Decommissioning Trusts

Future decommissioning costs related to SCE's nuclear assets are expected to be funded from independent decommissioning trusts. 

The following table sets forth amortized cost and fair value of the trust investments (see Note 4 for a discussion of fair value of the trust investments):

LongestMaturity Date

Amortized Cost

Fair Value

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2020

2019

Stocks

—

N/A

N/A

$

1,908 

$

1,765 

Municipal bonds

2057

1,013 

822 

1,218 

970 

U.S. government and agency securities

2067

740 

996 

864 

1,115 

Corporate bonds

2070

460 

597 

550 

679 

Short-term investments and receivables/payables
1

One-year

281 

32 

293 

33 

Total

$

2,494 

$

2,447 

$

4,833 

$

4,562 

1
     Short-term investments include $138 million and $
41 million of repurchase agreements payable by financial institutions which earn interest, are fully secured by U.S. Treasury securities and mature by January 4, 2021 

and 
January 2, 2020 as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

Trust fund earnings (based on specific identification) increase the trust fund balance and the ARO regulatory liability. Unrealized holding gains, net of losses, were $2.1 billion and $
1.8 billion at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

Trust assets are used to pay income taxes. Deferred tax liabilities related to net unrealized gains were $515 million and $
449 million at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. Accordingly, the fair value of trust assets available to pay future decommissioning costs, net of deferred income taxes, totaled $
4.3 billion and $
4.1 billion at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. 

The following table summarizes the gains and losses for the trust investments:

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

Gross realized gains

$

255 

$

87 

$

134 

Gross realized losses

(6)

(2)

(27)

Net unrealized gains (losses) for equity securities

176 

343 

(233)

Due to regulatory mechanisms, changes in assets of the trusts from income or loss items have no impact on operating revenue or earnings.

Note 11.    Regulatory Assets and Liabilities

Included in SCE's regulatory assets and liabilities are regulatory balancing accounts. CPUC-authorized balancing account mechanisms require SCE to refund or recover any differences between forecasted and actual costs. The CPUC has authorized balancing accounts for specified costs or programs such as fuel, purchased power, demand-side management programs, nuclear decommissioning and public purpose programs. Certain of these balancing accounts include a return on rate base of 7.68% and 
7.61% in 2020 and 2019, respectively. The CPUC authorizes the use of a balancing account to recover from or refund to customers differences in revenue resulting from actual and forecasted electricity sales. 

Amounts included in regulatory assets and liabilities are generally recorded with corresponding offsets to the applicable income statement accounts.

109

Regulatory Assets

SCE's regulatory assets included on the consolidated balance sheets are:

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

Current:

Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts

$

1,127 

$

798 

Power contracts

165 

189 

Other

22 

22 

Total current

1,314 

1,009 

Long-term:

Deferred income taxes, net of liabilities

4,475 

4,026 

Pension and other postretirement benefits

12 

87 

Power contracts

239 

434 

Unamortized investments, net of accumulated amortization
1

114 

119 

Unamortized loss on reacquired debt

133 

142 

Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts

1,794 

981 

Environmental remediation

247 

237 

Other

106 

62 

Total long-term

7,120 

6,088 

Total regulatory assets

$

8,434 

$

7,097 

1    
Relates to a regulatory asset that earns a rate of return. See below for further information.

In accordance with the accounting standards applicable to rate-regulated enterprises, SCE defers costs as regulatory assets that are probable of future recovery from customers and has recorded regulatory assets for these incremental costs at December 31, 2020. While SCE believes such costs are probable of future recovery, there is no assurance that SCE will collect all amounts currently deferred as regulatory assets.

SCE's regulatory assets related to power contracts primarily represent derivative contracts that were designated as normal purchases and normal sales contracts. The liabilities for these power contracts are amortized over the remaining contract terms, approximately 2 to 
3 years. For further information, see Note 1.

SCE's regulatory assets related to deferred income taxes represent tax benefits passed through to customers. The CPUC requires SCE to flow through certain deferred income tax benefits to customers by reducing electricity rates, thereby deferring recovery of such amounts to future periods. Based on current regulatory ratemaking and income tax laws, SCE expects to recover its regulatory assets related to deferred income taxes over the life of the assets that give rise to the accumulated deferred income taxes, approximately from 1 to 
60 years. For further information, see Note 8.

SCE has long-term unamortized investments which include nuclear assets related to Palo Verde and the beyond the meter program. Nuclear assets related to Palo Verde and the beyond the meter program are expected to be recovered by 2044 and 2027, respectively, and earned returns of 7.68% and 
7.61% in 2020 and 2019, respectively.

SCE's net regulatory asset related to its unamortized loss on reacquired debt will be recovered over the original amortization period of the reacquired debt over periods ranging from 10 to 
40 years or the life of the new issuance if the debt is refunded or refinanced.

SCE's regulatory assets related to environmental remediation represent a portion of the costs incurred at certain sites that SCE is allowed to recover through customer rates. See "Environmental Remediation" discussed in Note 12. 

110

Regulatory Liabilities

SCE's regulatory liabilities included on the consolidated balance sheets are:

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

Current:

Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts

$

471 

$

883 

Energy derivatives

87 

80 

Other

11 

9 

Total current

569 

972 

Long-term:

Costs of removal

2,595 

2,674 

Re-measurement of deferred taxes

2,283 

2,424 

Recoveries in excess of ARO liabilities

1,930 

1,569 

Regulatory balancing and memorandum

accounts

1,062 

1,261 

Other postretirement benefits

671 

416 

Other

48 

41 

Total long-term

8,589 

8,385 

Total regulatory liabilities

$

9,158 

$

9,357 

SCE's regulatory liabilities related to energy derivatives are primarily an offset to unrealized gains on derivatives.

SCE's regulatory liabilities related to costs of removal represent differences between asset removal costs recorded in depreciation and amounts collected in rates for those costs.

As a result of Tax Reform, SCE's deferred tax assets and liabilities were re-measured at December 31, 2017, resulting in the initial recording of regulatory liabilities. The amount was further adjusted for CPUC's final resolution in February 2019, which stated that customers are only entitled to re-measurement of deferred taxes that were included when setting rates (i.e. included in rate base), and that all other deferred tax re-measurements belong to shareholders. The regulatory liabilities are generally expected to be refunded to customers over the lives of the assets and liabilities that gave rise to the deferred taxes.

SCE's regulatory liabilities related to recoveries in excess of ARO liabilities represents the cumulative differences between ARO expenses and amounts collected in rates primarily for the decommissioning of the SCE's nuclear generation facilities. Decommissioning costs recovered through rates are primarily placed in nuclear decommissioning trusts. This regulatory liability also represents the deferral of realized and unrealized gains and losses on the nuclear decommissioning trust investments. See Note 10 for further discussion.

SCE's regulatory liabilities related to other postretirement benefits represent the overfunded net actuarial gain. This amount will be refunded through rates charged to customers. See "Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions" discussion in Note 9.

Net Regulatory Balancing and Memorandum Accounts

Balancing accounts track amounts that the CPUC or FERC have authorized for recovery. Balancing account over and under collections represent differences between cash collected in current rates for specified forecasted costs and such costs that are actually incurred. Undercollections are recorded as regulatory balancing account assets. Overcollections are recorded as regulatory balancing account liabilities. With some exceptions, SCE seeks to adjust rates on an annual basis or at other designated times to recover or refund the balances recorded in its balancing accounts. Memorandum accounts are authorized to track costs for potential future recovery. 

Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts that SCE does not expect to collect or refund in the next 12 months are reflected in the long-term section of the consolidated balance sheets. Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts that do not have the right of offset are presented gross in the consolidated balance sheets. Under and over collections in balancing accounts and amounts recorded in memorandum accounts typically accrue interest based on a three-month commercial paper rate published by the Federal Reserve. 

111

The following table summarizes the significant components of regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts included in the above tables of regulatory assets and liabilities:

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

Asset (liability)

 Energy resource recovery account

$

(89)

$

(23)

 Portfolio allocation balancing account

497 

537 

 New system generation balancing account

(10)

85 

 Public purpose programs and energy efficiency programs

(1,130)

(1,244)

 Base revenue requirement balancing account

622 

(328)

 Greenhouse gas auction revenue and low carbon fuel standard revenue

(125)

(196)

 FERC balancing accounts

12 

(127)

 Wildfire and drought restoration accounts
1

361 

120 

 Wildfire-related memorandum accounts
2

1,104 

748 

 COVID-19-related memorandum accounts
3

176 

— 

 Other

(30)

63 

Asset (Liability)

$

1,388 

$

(365)

1
     The wildfire and drought restoration accounts regulatory assets represent restorative costs that are recorded in a Catastrophic Event Memorandum Account ("CEMA").

2
    The wildfire-related memorandum accounts regulatory assets represent wildfire-related costs that are probable of future recovery from customers, subject to a reasonableness review. The Fire Hazard Prevention Memorandum Account ("FHPMA") is used to track costs related to fire safety and to implement fire prevention corrective action measures in extreme and very high fire threat areas. The Wildfire Expense Memorandum Account ("WEMA") is used to track incremental wildfire insurance costs and uninsured wildfire-related financing, legal and claims costs. During 2019, the CPUC approved a Wildfire Mitigation Plan memorandum account to track costs incurred to implement SCE's Wildfire Mitigation Plan that are not currently reflected in SCE's revenue requirements, a Grid Safety and Resiliency Program Memorandum Account ("GSRPMA") to track the costs of SCE's GS&RP that are incremental to costs approved for recovery in SCE's 2018 GRC and a fire risk mitigation memorandum account to track costs related to the reduction of fire risk that are incremental to costs approved for recovery in SCE's 2018 GRC that are not tracked in any other wildfire-related memorandum account. 

3

    In July 2020, the CPUC approved establishment of the COVID-19 Pandemic Protection Memorandum Account ("CPPMA"), to track incremental consumer protection costs for residential and small commercial customers. A CEMA is used to track other incremental COVID-19 costs, including costs of sequestering employees at essential work locations. Both memorandum accounts were effective beginning March 2020.

112

Note 12.    Commitments and Contingencies

Power Purchase Agreements

SCE entered into various agreements to purchase power, electric capacity and other energy products. At December 31, 2020, the undiscounted future expected minimum payments for the SCE PPAs (primarily related to renewable energy contracts), which were approved by the CPUC and met other critical contract provisions (including completion of major milestones for construction), were as follows:

(in millions)

Total

2021

$

3,144 

2022

3,066 

2023

2,937 

2024

2,349 

2025

2,236 

Thereafter

21,756 

Total future commitments
1

$

35,488 

1
Certain power purchase agreements are treated as operating or finance leases. For further discussion, see Note 13. Includes lease contracts commencing in 2021, 2022 and 2023 with future short-term lease expense of $242 million in 2021 and long-term minimum lease payments of $
866 million.

Additionally, as of December 31, 2020, SCE has executed contracts (including capacity reduction contracts) that have not met the critical contract provisions that would increase contractual obligations by $29 million in 2021, $
72 million in 2022, $
93 million in 2023, $
111 million in 2024, $
111 million in 2025 and $
1.2 billion thereafter, if all critical contract provisions are completed.

Costs incurred for PPAs were $3.8 billion in 2020, $
3.7 billion in 2019 and $
3.8 billion in 2018, which include costs associated with contracts with terms of less than one year. 

Other Commitments

The following summarizes the estimated minimum future commitments for SCE's other commitments: 

(in millions)

2021

2022

2023

2024

2025

Thereafter

Total

Other contractual obligations

$

46 

$

43 

$

43 

$

45 

$

37 

$

154 

$

368 

Costs incurred for other commitments were $80 million in 2020, $
110 million in 2019 and $
124 million in 2018. Other commitments include fuel supply contracts for Palo Verde which require payment only if the fuel is made available for purchase. Also included are commitments related to maintaining reliability and expanding SCE's transmission and distribution system. 

The table above does not include asset retirement obligations, which are discussed in Note 1.

Indemnities

Edison International and SCE have various financial and performance guarantees and indemnity agreements which are issued in the normal course of business. 

Edison International and SCE have agreed to provide indemnifications through contracts entered into in the normal course of business. These are primarily indemnifications against adverse litigation outcomes in connection with underwriting agreements, indemnities for specified environmental liabilities and income taxes with respect to assets sold or other contractual arrangements. Edison International's and SCE's obligations under these agreements may or may not be limited in terms of time and/or amount, and in some instances Edison International and SCE may have recourse against third parties. Edison International and SCE have not recorded a liability related to these indemnities. The overall maximum amount of the obligations under these indemnifications cannot be reasonably estimated.

113

Contingencies

In addition to the matters disclosed in these Notes, Edison International and SCE are involved in other legal, tax and regulatory proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies regarding matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Edison International and SCE believe the outcome of each of these other proceedings will not materially affect its financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides

Wildfires in SCE's territory, including those where SCE's equipment may be alleged to be associated with the fire's ignition, have caused loss of life and substantial damage in recent years. Multiple factors have contributed to increased wildfire activity and faster progression of wildfires across SCE's service territory and in other areas of California. These include the buildup of dry vegetation in areas severely impacted by years of historic drought, lack of adequate clearing of hazardous fuels by responsible parties, higher temperatures, lower humidity, increased incidence of dry lightning, and strong Santa Ana winds. At the same time that wildfire risk has been increasing in Southern California, residential and commercial development has occurred and is occurring in some of the highest-risk areas. Such factors can increase the likelihood and extent of wildfires. SCE has determined that approximately 27% of its service territory is in areas identified as high fire risk. 

California has experienced unprecedented weather conditions in recent years and SCE's service territory remains susceptible to additional wildfire activity in 2021 and beyond. The worsening conditions across California increase the likelihood of wildfires, including those where SCE's equipment may be alleged to be associated with the fire's ignition. In response to worsening weather and fuel conditions and increased wildfire activity over the past several years, SCE has developed and is implementing its 2020 – 2022 Wildfire Mitigation Plan ("WMP") to reduce the risk of SCE equipment contributing to the ignition of wildfires. In addition, California has increased its investment in wildfire suppression capabilities.

In addition to the investments SCE is making through its WMP, SCE also uses its Public Safety Power Shutoffs ("PSPS") program to proactively de-energize power lines to mitigate the risk of catastrophic wildfires during extreme weather events. SCE initiated PSPS 12 times in 2020 as part of its wildfire mitigation efforts, impacting an aggregate of approximately 
140,000 unique customers. In January 2021, the President of the CPUC sent SCE a letter expressing her concern regarding SCE's execution of PSPS in 2020 and notifying SCE that it must implement a PSPS action plan to reduce the impacts of PSPS on the customers and communities it serves. On a risk-informed basis, SCE is making efforts to reduce the frequency and impacts of PSPS in 2021 as compared to 2020, assuming that weather patterns in 2021 are similar to those experienced in 2020. SCE may be subject to mandated changes to, or restrictions on, its operational PSPS practices, regulatory fines and penalties, claims for damages and reputational harm if SCE does not execute PSPS in compliance with applicable rules and regulations or if it is determined that SCE has placed excessive reliance on PSPS.

Edison International and SCE accrued estimated losses of $1,328
 million in 2020 for wildfire-related claims, net of expected insurance recoveries. The 2020 charge includes an increase in estimated losses for claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events (defined below) of $
1,297 million, against which SCE has recorded expected recoveries through FERC electric rates of $
84 million. The resulting charge was $
1,213 million ($
874 million after-tax). The 2020 charge also includes $
31 million ($
21 million after FERC recovery and after-tax) of expenses primarily associated with self-insured retention related to the 2019/2020 Wildfires (defined below).

Edison International and SCE have incurred material losses in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, which are described below. Several wildfires have originated in Southern California subsequent to 2018, however, Edison International and SCE expect that any losses incurred in connection with these fires will be covered by insurance, subject to self-insured retentions and co-insurance, and expect that any such losses after insurance recoveries will not be material.

Liability Overview

The extent of liability for wildfire-related damages in actions against utilities depends on a number of factors, including whether the utility substantially caused or contributed to the damages and whether parties seeking recovery of damages will be required to show negligence in addition to causation. California courts have previously found utilities to be strictly liable for property damage along with associated interest and attorneys' fees, regardless of fault, by applying the theory of inverse condemnation when a utility's facilities were determined to be a substantial cause of a wildfire that caused the property damage. If inverse condemnation is held to be inapplicable to SCE in connection with a wildfire, SCE still could be held liable for property damages and associated interest if the property damages were found to have been proximately caused by SCE's negligence. If SCE were to be found negligent, SCE could also be held liable for, among other things, fire suppression costs, business interruption losses, evacuation costs, clean-up costs, medical expenses, and personal injury/wrongful death 

114

claims. Additionally, SCE could potentially be subject to fines for alleged violations of CPUC rules and state laws in connection with the ignition of a wildfire. 

Final determinations of liability for wildfire events, including determinations of whether SCE was negligent, would only be made during lengthy and complex litigation processes. Even when investigations are still pending or liability is disputed, an assessment of likely outcomes, including through future settlement of disputed claims, may require estimated losses to be accrued under accounting standards. Each reporting period, management reviews its loss estimates for remaining alleged and potential claims related to wildfire events. The process for estimating losses associated with alleged and potential wildfire-related claims requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors, including, but not limited to: estimates of known and expected claims by third parties based on currently available information, opinions of counsel regarding litigation risk, the status of and developments in the course of litigation, and prior experience litigating and settling wildfire litigation claims. As additional information becomes available, management's estimates and assumptions regarding the causes and financial impact of wildfire events may change.

2019/2020 Wildfires

Several wildfires significantly impacted portions of SCE's service territory in 2019 and 2020 (the wildfires that originated in Southern California in 2019 and 2020 where SCE's equipment may be alleged to be associated with the fire's ignition are referred to collectively as the "2019/2020 Wildfires"). Edison International and SCE expect that any losses incurred in connection with the 2019/2020 Wildfires will be covered by insurance, subject to self-insured retentions and co-insurance, and expect that any such losses after insurance recoveries will not be material. As of December 31, 2020, Edison International and SCE had estimated losses (established at the lower end of the reasonably estimated range of expected losses) of $117
 million reflected on their consolidated balance sheets related to the 2019/2020 Wildfires. As of the same date, Edison International and SCE also had assets for expected recoveries from insurance of $
75
 million and expected recoveries from FERC of $
3 million on their consolidated balance sheets related to the 2019/2020 Wildfires.

One of the 2019/2020 Wildfires, the "Saddle Ridge" Fire, originated in Los Angeles county in October 2019 and burned approximately 9,000 acres, destroyed an estimated 
19 structures, damaged an estimated 
88 structures, and resulted in injuries to 
8 individuals and 
one fatality. An investigation into the cause of the Saddle Ridge Fire is being led by the Los Angeles Fire Department. Based on pending litigation and without considering insurance recoveries, it is reasonably possible that SCE will incur a material loss in connection with the Saddle Ridge Fire, but the range of possible losses that could be incurred cannot be estimated at this time. SCE has not accrued a charge for potential losses relating to the Saddle Ridge Fire.

Another of the 2019/2020 Wildfires, the "Bobcat Fire" was reported in the vicinity of Cogswell Dam in Los Angeles County, California in September 2020. The United States Forest Service ("USFS") has reported that the Bobcat Fire burned approximately 116,000 acres in Los Angeles County, destroyed an estimated 
87 homes, 
1 commercial property and 
83 minor structures, damaged an estimated 
28 homes and 
19 minor structures, and resulted in injuries to 
6 firefighters. In addition, the USFS has estimated suppression costs at $
80 million. A camera in the vicinity of Cogswell Dam captured the initial stages of a fire with the first observed smoke approximately six minutes before an SCE circuit in the area experienced an anomaly (a relay). An investigation into the cause of the Bobcat Fire is being led by the USFS, and the USFS has taken a specific section of an SCE overhead conductor in the vicinity of Cogswell Dam into possession as part of its investigation. SCE understands that the USFS has also taken three tree branches in the area into possession. The SED is also conducting an investigation of the Bobcat Fire. SCE has accrued a charge for potential losses relating to the Bobcat Fire. The accrued charge corresponds to the lower end of the reasonably estimated range of expected losses that may be incurred in connection with the Bobcat Fire and is subject to change as additional information becomes available.

2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events

Wildfires in SCE's territory in December 2017 and November 2018 caused loss of life, substantial damage to both residential and business properties, and service outages for SCE customers. The investigating government agencies, the Ventura County Fire Department ("VCFD") and California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection ("CAL FIRE"), have determined that the largest of the 2017 fires in SCE's territory originated on December 4, 2017, in the Anlauf Canyon area of Ventura County (the investigating agencies refer to this fire as the "Thomas Fire"), followed shortly thereafter by a second fire that originated near Koenigstein Road in the City of Santa Paula (the "Koenigstein Fire"). The December 4, 2017 fires eventually burned substantial acreage in both Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties. According to CAL FIRE, the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires, collectively, burned over 280,000 acres, destroyed or damaged an estimated 
1,343 structures and resulted in 
two confirmed fatalities. The largest of the November 2018 fires in SCE's territory, known as the "Woolsey Fire," originated in Ventura County and burned acreage in both Ventura and Los Angeles Counties. According to CAL FIRE, the Woolsey Fire burned almost 
100,000 acres, destroyed an estimated 
1,643 structures, damaged an estimated 
364 structures and resulted in 
three confirmed fatalities. 
Two additional fatalities have been associated with the Woolsey Fire. The Thomas Fire, the Koenigstein 

115

Fire, the Montecito Mudslides (defined below) and the Woolsey Fire are each referred to as a "2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Event," and, collectively, referred to as the "2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events."

As described below, multiple lawsuits related to the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires and the Woolsey Fire have been initiated against SCE and Edison International. Some of the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires lawsuits claim that SCE and Edison International have responsibility for the damages caused by debris flows and flooding in Montecito and surrounding areas in January 2018 (the "Montecito Mudslides") based on a theory alleging that SCE has responsibility for the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires and further alleging that the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires proximately caused the Montecito Mudslides. According to Santa Barbara County initial reports, the Montecito Mudslides destroyed an estimated 135 structures, damaged an estimated 
324 structures, and resulted in 
21 confirmed fatalities, with 
two additional fatalities presumed. Based on information available to SCE and consideration of the risks associated with litigation, Edison International and SCE expect to incur a material loss in connection with the remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events are discussed further below.

As of December 31, 2020, Edison International and SCE had paid $1.8
 billion in settlements and had estimated losses of $
4.4
 billion reflected on their consolidated balance sheets related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, consisting of $
2.2
 billion subject to settlements executed after December 31, 2020 and $
2.2
 billion for remaining alleged and potential claims. As of the same date, Edison International and SCE also had assets for remaining expected recoveries from insurance of $
708
 million, reflected as a short-term asset, and through FERC electric rates of $
89
 million on their consolidated balance sheets related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The estimated losses for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events do not include an estimate of any potential fines or penalties that could be levied against SCE in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. Edison International and SCE are currently unable to reasonably estimate the magnitude of any such fines or penalties, or the associated timing if they were to be imposed. Estimated losses for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation are based on a number of assumptions and are subject to change as additional information becomes available. Actual losses incurred may be higher or lower than estimated based on several factors, including: the uncertainty as to the legal and factual determinations to be made during litigation, including uncertainty as to the contributing causes of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, the complexities associated with fires that merge, whether inverse condemnation will be held applicable to SCE with respect to damages caused by the Montecito Mudslides, the preliminary nature of the litigation processes, the uncertainty in estimating damages that may be alleged, and the uncertainty as to how these factors impact future settlements.

The CPUC and FERC may not allow SCE to recover uninsured losses through electric rates if it is determined that such losses were not reasonably or prudently incurred. See "Loss Estimates for Third Party Claims and Potential Recoveries from Insurance and through Electric Rates" below for additional information.

External Investigations and Internal Review 

The VCFD and CAL FIRE have jointly issued reports concerning their findings regarding the causes of the Thomas Fire and the Koenigstein Fire. The reports did not address the causes of the Montecito Mudslides. SCE has also received a non-final redacted draft of a report from the VCFD regarding Woolsey Fire (the "Redacted Woolsey Report"). SCE anticipates that the VCFD will release its final report regarding the Woolsey Fire in 2021.

The VCFD and CAL FIRE findings do not determine legal causation of or assign legal liability for the Thomas, Koenigstein or Woolsey Fires; final determinations of legal causation and liability would only be made during lengthy and complex litigation.

The CPUC's Safety and Enforcement Division ("SED") is also conducting investigations to assess SCE's compliance with applicable rules and regulations in areas impacted by the Thomas, Koenigstein and Woolsey Fires and the CPUC may initiate proceedings to investigate these matters after the SED's investigations are completed.

Edison International and SCE understand that the California Attorney General's Office has completed its investigation of the Thomas Fire without pursuing criminal charges. Edison International and SCE are aware of an ongoing investigation by the California Attorney General's Office of the Woolsey Fire for the purpose of determining whether any criminal violations have occurred. SCE could be subject to material fines, penalties, or restitution if it is determined that it failed to comply with applicable laws and regulations. SCE is not aware of any basis for felony liability with regards to the Thomas Fire, the Koenigstein Fire or the Woolsey Fire.

SCE's internal review into the facts and circumstances of each of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events is complex and time consuming. SCE expects to obtain and review additional information and materials in the possession of third parties during the course of its internal reviews and the litigation processes. 

116

Thomas Fire 

On March 13, 2019, the VCFD and CAL FIRE jointly issued a report concluding, after ruling out other possible causes, that the Thomas Fire was started by SCE power lines coming into contact during high winds, resulting in molten metal falling to the ground. However, the report does not state that their investigation found molten metal on the ground. At this time, based on available information, SCE has not determined whether its equipment caused the Thomas Fire. Based on publicly available radar data showing a smoke plume in the Anlauf Canyon area emerging in advance of the report's indicated start time, SCE believes that the Thomas Fire started at least 12 minutes prior to any issue involving SCE's system and at least 15 minutes prior to the start time indicated in the report. SCE is continuing to assess the extent of damages that may be attributable to the Thomas Fire. 

 Koenigstein Fire 

On March 20, 2019, the VCFD and CAL FIRE jointly issued a report finding that the Koenigstein Fire was caused when an energized SCE electrical wire separated and fell to the ground along with molten metal particles and ignited the dry vegetation below. As previously disclosed, SCE believes that its equipment was associated with the ignition of the Koenigstein Fire. SCE is continuing to assess the extent of damages that may be attributable to the Koenigstein Fire. 

Montecito Mudslides 

SCE's internal review includes inquiry into whether the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires proximately caused or contributed to the Montecito Mudslides, whether, and to what extent, the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires were responsible for the damages in the Montecito area and other factors that potentially contributed to the losses that resulted from the Montecito Mudslides. Many other factors, including, but not limited to, weather conditions and insufficiently or improperly designed and maintained debris basins, roads, bridges and other channel crossings, could have proximately caused, contributed to or exacerbated the losses that resulted from the Montecito Mudslides. 

At this time, based on available information, SCE has not been able to determine whether the Thomas Fire or the Koenigstein Fire, or both, were responsible for the damages in the Montecito area. In the event that SCE is determined to have caused the fire that spread to the Montecito area, SCE cannot predict whether, if fully litigated, the courts would conclude that the Montecito Mudslides were caused or contributed to by the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires or that SCE would be liable for some or all of the damages caused by the Montecito Mudslides. 

Woolsey Fire 

SCE's internal review into the facts and circumstances of the Woolsey Fire is ongoing. SCE has reported to the CPUC that there was an outage on SCE's electric system in the vicinity of where the Woolsey Fire reportedly began on November 8, 2018. SCE is aware of witnesses who saw fire in the vicinity of SCE's equipment at the time the fire was first reported. While SCE did not find evidence of downed electrical wires on the ground in the suspected area of origin, it observed a pole support wire in proximity to an electrical wire that was energized prior to the outage. 

The Redacted Woolsey Report states that the VCFD investigation team determined that electrical equipment owned and operated by SCE was the cause of the Woolsey Fire. Absent additional evidence, SCE believes that it is likely that its equipment was associated with the ignition of the Woolsey Fire. SCE expects to obtain and review additional information and materials in the possession of CAL FIRE and others during the course of its internal review and the Woolsey Fire litigation process, including SCE equipment that has been retained by CAL FIRE. 

Litigation 

Multiple lawsuits related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events naming SCE as a defendant have been filed by three categories of plaintiffs: individual plaintiffs, subrogation plaintiffs and public entity plaintiffs. A number of the lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant and some of the lawsuits were filed as purported class actions. Because potential plaintiffs can still timely file claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, SCE expects to be the subject of additional lawsuits related to the events. The litigation could take a number of years to be resolved because of the complexity of the matters and number of plaintiffs. 

As of February 18, 2021, SCE was aware of at least 295 lawsuits, representing approximately 
4,000 plaintiffs, related to the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires naming SCE as a defendant. 
One hundred fifty of the 
295 lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant based on its ownership and alleged control of SCE. At least 
four of the lawsuits were filed as purported class actions. The lawsuits, which have been filed in the superior courts of Ventura, Santa Barbara and Los Angeles Counties allege, among other things, negligence, inverse condemnation, trespass, private nuisance, and violations of the 

117

public utilities and health and safety codes. An initial trial for a limited number of plaintiffs, sometimes referred to as a bellwether trial, on certain fire only matters is currently scheduled for July 19, 2021. The bellwether trial date may be further delayed to provide SCE and certain of the individual plaintiffs in the Thomas and Koenigstein Fire litigation the opportunity to pursue settlements of claims under a program adopted to promote an efficient and orderly settlement process.

Seventy-two of the 
295 lawsuits mentioned in the paragraph above allege that SCE has responsibility for the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires and that the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires proximately caused the Montecito Mudslides, resulting in the plaintiffs' claimed damages. 
Forty of the 
72 Montecito Mudslides lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant based on its ownership and alleged control of SCE. In addition to other causes of action, some of the Montecito Mudslides lawsuits also allege personal injury and wrongful death. A bellwether jury trial previously scheduled for October 12, 2020 was vacated due to the wide-spread disruption being caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

As of February 18, 2021, SCE was aware of at least 301 lawsuits, representing approximately 
6,000 plaintiffs, related to the Woolsey Fire naming SCE as a defendant. 
Two hundred forty-three of the 
301 lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant based on its ownership and alleged control of SCE. At least 
two of the lawsuits were filed as purported class actions. The lawsuits, which have been filed in the superior courts of Ventura and Los Angeles Counties allege, among other things, negligence, inverse condemnation, personal injury, wrongful death, trespass, private nuisance, and violations of the public utilities and health and safety codes. A bellwether jury trial is currently scheduled for June 1, 2021.

The Thomas and Koenigstein Fires and Montecito Mudslides lawsuits are being coordinated in the Los Angeles Superior Court. The Woolsey Fire lawsuits have also been coordinated in the Los Angeles Superior Court. On October 4, 2018, the Superior Court denied Edison International's and SCE's challenge to the application of inverse condemnation to SCE with respect to the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires and, on February 26, 2019, the California Supreme Court denied SCE's petition to review the Superior Court's decision. In January 2019, SCE filed a cross-complaint against certain local public entities alleging that failures by these entities, such as failure to adequately plan for flood hazards and build and maintain adequate debris basins, roads, bridges and other channel crossings, among other things, caused, contributed to or exacerbated the losses that resulted from the Montecito Mudslides. These cross-claims in the Montecito Mudslides litigation were not released as part of the Local Public Entity Settlements (as defined below). 

Additionally, in September 2018, a derivative lawsuit for breach of fiduciary duties and unjust enrichment was filed in the Los Angeles Superior Court against certain current and former members of the Boards of Directors of Edison International and SCE. Edison International and SCE are identified as nominal defendants in the action. The derivative lawsuit generally alleges that the individual defendants violated their fiduciary duties by causing or allowing SCE to operate in an unsafe manner in violation of relevant regulations, resulting in substantial liability and damage from the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires and the Montecito Mudslides. The lawsuit is currently stayed.

In November 2018, a purported class action lawsuit alleging securities fraud and related claims was filed in federal court against Edison International, SCE and certain current and former officers of Edison International and SCE. The plaintiff alleges that Edison International and SCE made false and/or misleading statements in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission by failing to disclose that SCE had allegedly failed to maintain its electric transmission and distribution networks in compliance with safety regulations, and that those alleged safety violations led to fires that occurred in 2017 and 2018, including the Thomas Fire and the Woolsey Fire.

In January 2019, two separate derivative lawsuits alleging breach of fiduciary duties, securities fraud, misleading proxy statements, unjust enrichment, and related claims were filed in federal court against certain current and former members of the Boards of Directors and certain current and former officers of Edison International and SCE. Edison International and SCE are named as nominal defendants in those actions. The derivative lawsuits generally allege that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties and made misleading statements or allowed misleading statements to be made (i) between March 21, 2014 and August 10, 2015, with respect to certain 

ex parte
 communications between SCE and CPUC decision-makers concerning the settlement of the San Onofre Order Instituting Investigation proceeding (the "San Onofre OII") and (ii) from February 23, 2016 to the present, concerning compliance with applicable laws and regulations concerning electric system maintenance and operations related to wildfire risks. The lawsuits generally allege that these breaches of duty and misstatements led to substantial liability and damage resulting from the disclosure of SCE's 
ex parte
 communications in connection with the San Onofre OII settlement, and from the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The lawsuits are currently stayed.

Settlements

In the fourth quarter of 2019, SCE paid $360 million to a number of local public entities to resolve those parties' collective claims arising from the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events (the "Local Public Entity Settlements").

118

In the third quarter of 2020, Edison International and SCE entered into an agreement (the "TKM Subrogation Settlement") under which all of the insurance subrogation plaintiffs' in the Thomas Fire, Koenigstein Fire and Montecito Mudslides litigation (the "TKM Subrogation Plaintiffs") collective claims arising from the Thomas Fire, Koenigstein Fire or Montecito Mudslides have been resolved. Under the TKM Subrogation Settlement, SCE paid the TKM Subrogation Plaintiffs an aggregate of $1.2 billion in October 2020 and also agreed to pay $
0.555 for each dollar in claims to be paid by the TKM Subrogation Plaintiffs to their policy holders on or before July 15, 2023, up to an agreed upon cap.

In January 2021, Edison International and SCE entered into an agreement (the "Woolsey Subrogation Settlement") under which all of the insurance subrogation plaintiffs' in the Woolsey Fire litigation (the "Woolsey Subrogation Plaintiffs") collective claims arising from the Woolsey Fire have been resolved. Under the Woolsey Subrogation Settlement, SCE agreed to pay the Woolsey Subrogation Plaintiffs an aggregate of $2.2 billion by April 22, 2021. SCE has also agreed to pay $
0.67 for each dollar in claims to be paid by the Woolsey Subrogation Plaintiffs to their policy holders on or before July 15, 2023, up to an agreed upon cap. 

SCE has also entered into settlements with approximately one thousand individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation. In 2020 SCE entered into settlements with individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation under which it agreed to pay an aggregate of approximately $
300 million to those individual plaintiffs. Between December 31, 2020 and February 18, 2021, SCE also entered into settlements with individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation under which it agreed to pay an aggregate of approximately $
80 million to those individual plaintiffs.

Edison International and SCE did not admit wrongdoing or liability as part of any of the settlements described above.

Other claims and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events remain. SCE continues to explore reasonable settlement opportunities with other plaintiffs in the outstanding 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation. 

Loss Estimates for Third Party Claims and Potential Recoveries from Insurance and through Electric Rates 

At December 31, 2019, Edison International and SCE were unable to determine a best estimate of expected losses within a reasonably estimated range and therefore Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets included estimated losses, established at the lower end of the reasonably estimated range of expected losses, of $4.5
 billion for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. In light of the TKM Subrogation Settlement and increased settlement activity with individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation, among other things, management established a best estimate of expected potential losses for alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation in the third quarter of 2020. As a result, Edison International and SCE recorded a charge of $
1.3
 billion in September 2020 related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, against which SCE recorded expected recoveries through FERC electric rates of $
84
 million. The resulting net pre-tax charge to earnings was $
1.2

 billion ($
874
 million after-tax).

At December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets include accrued estimated losses of $4.4
 billion and $
4.5
 billion, respectively, for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. 
The following table presents changes in estimated losses since December 31, 2019:

(in millions)

Loss estimate balance at December 31, 2019

$

4,541 

Increase in accrued estimated losses to reflect best estimate

1,297 

Amounts paid

(1,455)

Loss estimate balance at December 31, 2020
1

4,383 

1 
At December 31, 2020, 
$2,231
 million

 in current liabilities, wildfire-related claims, on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets includes an estimate for claims brought by insurance subrogation plaintiffs in the Woolsey Fire litigation, which were subsequently settled on January 22, 2021 for
 $2,212
 million, and $
19
 million of other settlements executed in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. At December 31, 2020, the $
2,281
 million included in deferred credits and other liabilities, wildfire-related claims on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets includes Edison International and SCE's best estimate of expected losses for remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events after giving effect to the Woolsey Subrogation Settlement of $
2,152
 million and other wildfire-related claims estimates of $
129
 million.

119

For the years-ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, Edison International's and SCE's consolidated statements of income include charges for the estimated losses, net of expected recoveries from insurance and FERC customers, related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events as follows:

Year ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2020

2019

Charge for wildfire-related claims

$

1,297 

$

232 

Expected revenue from FERC customers

(84)

(14)

Total pre-tax charge

1,213 

218 

Income tax benefit

(339)

(61)

Total after-tax charge

$

874 

$

157 

For events that occurred in 2017 and early 2018, principally the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires and Montecito Mudslides, SCE had $1.0 billion of wildfire-specific insurance coverage, subject to a self-insured retention of $
10 million per occurrence. For the Woolsey Fire, SCE had an additional $
1.0 billion of wildfire-specific insurance coverage, subject to a self-insured retention of $
10 million per occurrence. Edison International and SCE record a receivable for insurance recoveries when recovery of a recorded loss is determined to be probable. 
The following table presents changes in expected insurance recoveries associated with the estimated losses for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events since December 31, 2019:

(in millions)

Balance at December 31, 2019
1

$

1,710 

Insurance recoveries

(1,002)

Balance at December 31, 2020

$

708 

1 

At December 31, 2019, the balance was included in "Other long-term assets" on the consolidated balance sheets of SCE and Edison International. 

At December 31, 2020, SCE had no remaining expected recoveries from insurance for the Thomas Fire, Koenigstein Fire and Montecito Mudslides litigation. At December 31, 2020, SCE had approximately $708
 million remaining in expected recoveries from insurance for the Woolsey Fire litigation, included in "Insurance receivable" and "Insurance receivable from affiliate" on the consolidated balance sheets of SCE and "Insurance receivable" on the consolidated balance sheets of Edison International. SCE expects that this insurance will be exhausted after expected recoveries for the Woolsey Subrogation Settlement.

In total, SCE has accrued estimated losses of $6.2 billion, has paid or agreed to pay $
4.1 billion in settlements and has

recovered $1.3 billion, and has approximately $
708
 million remaining in expected recoveries, from its insurance carriers through February 18, 2021 in relation to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events.

Recovery of SCE's actual losses realized in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events in excess of available insurance is subject to approval by regulators. Under accounting standards for rate-regulated enterprises, SCE defers costs as regulatory assets when it concludes that such costs are probable of future recovery in electric rates. SCE utilizes objectively determinable evidence to form its view on probability of future recovery. The only directly comparable precedent in which a California investor-owned utility has sought recovery for uninsured wildfire-related costs is SDG&E's requests for cost recovery related to 2007 wildfire activity, where the FERC allowed recovery of all FERC-jurisdictional wildfire-related costs while the CPUC rejected recovery of all CPUC-jurisdictional wildfire-related costs based on a determination that SDG&E did not meet the CPUC's prudency standard. As a result, while SCE does not agree with the CPUC's decision, it believes that the CPUC's interpretation and application of the prudency standard to SDG&E creates substantial uncertainty regarding how that standard will be applied to an investor-owned utility in future wildfire cost-recovery proceedings for fires ignited prior to July 12, 2019. SCE will continue to evaluate the probability of recovery based on available evidence, including judicial, legislative and regulatory decisions, including any CPUC decisions illustrating the interpretation and/or application of the prudency standard when making determinations regarding recovery of uninsured wildfire-related costs. While the CPUC has not made a determination regarding SCE's prudency relative to any of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, SCE is unable to conclude, at this time, that uninsured CPUC-jurisdictional wildfire-related costs are probable of recovery through electric rates. SCE would record a regulatory asset at the time it obtains sufficient information to support a conclusion that recovery is probable. SCE will seek CPUC-jurisdictional rate recovery of prudently-incurred, actual losses realized in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events in excess of available insurance.

120

SCE will seek recovery of the CPUC portion of any uninsured wildfire-related costs through its WEMA or its CEMA. In July 2019, SCE filed a CEMA application with the CPUC to seek recovery of, among other things, approximately $6 million in costs incurred to restore service to customers and to repair, replace and restore buildings and SCE's facilities damaged or destroyed as a result of the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires. SCE continues to incur costs for reconstructing its system and restoring service to structures that were damaged or destroyed by these two fires and plans to file additional applications with the CPUC to recover such costs. See "Recovery of Wildfire-Related Costs" below. 

Through the operation of its FERC Formula Rate, and based upon the precedent established in SDG&E's recovery of FERC-jurisdictional wildfire-related costs, SCE believes it is probable it will recover its FERC-jurisdictional wildfire and mudslide related costs and has recorded total expected recoveries of $233 million within the FERC balancing account. This was the FERC portion of the estimated losses accrued. As of December 31, 2020, collections have reduced the regulatory assets remaining in the FERC balancing account to $
89
 million.

Current Wildfire Insurance Coverage 

SCE had approximately $1.2 billion of wildfire-specific insurance coverage for events that occurred during the period June 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020, subject to up to $
115 million of co-insurance and $
50 million of self-insured retention, which resulted in net coverage of approximately $
1.0 billion. SCE has approximately $
1.0 billion of wildfire-specific insurance coverage for events that may occur during the period July 1, 2020 through June 30, 2021, subject to up to $
80 million of co-insurance and $
50 million of self-insured retention, which results in net coverage of approximately $
870 million. Various coverage limitations within the policies that make up SCE's wildfire insurance coverage could result in additional material self-insured costs, for instance in the event of multiple wildfire occurrences during a policy period. SCE believes that its insurance coverage for the July 1, 2020 through June 30, 2021 period meets its obligation to maintain reasonable insurance coverage under AB 1054.

Wildfire insurance expense in 2020, prior to any regulatory deferrals, was approximately $450 million. Wildfire insurance expense in 2019, prior to any regulatory deferrals, was approximately $
400 million. Calendar year insurance expense reflects the portion of premiums attributable to policy coverage in that calendar year.

SCE tracks incremental insurance premium, self-insured retention and co-insurance costs related to wildfire liability insurance policies as well as other wildfire-related costs, including claims and legal costs, in its WEMA. In July 2019, SCE filed a WEMA application with the CPUC to seek recovery of an aggregate of $505 million, consisting of $
478 million in wildfire insurance premium costs that had been incurred or were to be incurred before July 1, 2020 in excess of premiums approved in the 2018 GRC and the corresponding financing costs. In September 2020, the CPUC approved SCE's July 2019 WEMA application and authorized SCE to collect a total revenue requirement of $
505 million over a 
two-year period. SCE included the authorized revenue requirement in rates in October 2020. In December 2020, SCE filed another WEMA application with the CPUC to seek recovery of an aggregate of $
214 million, consisting of $
204 million in wildfire insurance premium costs 

in excess of premiums approved in the 2018 GRC
, representing wildfire insurance premiums for 
July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, the corresponding financing costs, memorandum account interest and a prior period premium adjustment.

SCE's cost of obtaining wildfire insurance coverage has increased significantly in recent years as a result of, among other things, the number of recent and significant wildfire events throughout California and the application of inverse condemnation to investor-owned utilities. As such, while SCE is required to maintain reasonable insurance coverage under AB 1054, SCE may not be able to obtain a reasonable amount of wildfire insurance, at a reasonable cost, for future policy periods.

Recovery of Wildfire-Related Costs 

Pre-AB 1054 Cost Recovery

California courts have previously found investor-owned utilities to be strictly liable for property damage, regardless of fault, by applying the theory of inverse condemnation when a utility's facilities were determined to be a substantial cause of a wildfire that caused the property damage. The rationale stated by these courts for applying this theory to investor-owned utilities is that property damages resulting from a public improvement, such as the distribution of electricity, can be spread across the larger community that benefited from such improvement through recovery of uninsured wildfire-related costs in electric rates. However, in November 2017, the CPUC issued a decision denying SDG&E's request to include in its rates uninsured wildfire-related costs arising from several 2007 wildfires, finding that SDG&E did not meet the prudency standard because it did not prudently manage and operate its facilities prior to or at the outset of the 2007 wildfires. In July 2018, the CPUC denied both SDG&E's application for rehearing on its cost recovery request and a joint application for rehearing filed 

121

by SCE and PG&E limited to the applicability of inverse condemnation principles in the same proceeding. The California Court of Appeal, the California Supreme Court and the United States Supreme Court have denied SDG&E's petitions for review of the CPUC's denial of SDG&E's application. 

2019 Wildfire Legislation

In July 2019, AB 1054 was signed by the governor of California and became effective immediately. The summary of the wildfire legislation below is based on SCE's interpretation of AB 1054. A lawsuit challenging the validity of AB 1054 was filed in federal court on July 19, 2019. Edison International and SCE are unable to predict the outcome of this lawsuit. 

    AB 1054 Prudency Standard 

Under AB 1054, the CPUC must apply a new standard when assessing the prudency of a utility in connection with a request for recovery of wildfire costs for wildfires ignited after July 12, 2019. Under AB 1054, the CPUC is required to find a utility to be prudent if the utility's conduct related to the ignition was consistent with actions that a reasonable utility would have undertaken under similar circumstances, at the relevant point in time, and based on the information available at that time. Prudent conduct under the AB 1054 standard is not limited to the optimum practice, method, or act to the exclusion of others, but rather encompasses a spectrum of possible practices, methods, or acts consistent with utility system needs, the interest of the ratepayers, and the requirements of governmental agencies. AB 1054 also provides that the CPUC may determine that wildfire costs may be recoverable, in whole or in part, by taking into account factors within and outside the utility's control, including humidity, temperature, and winds. Further, utilities with a valid safety certification will be presumed to have acted prudently related to a wildfire ignition unless a party in the cost recovery proceeding creates serious doubt as to the reasonableness of the utility's conduct, at which time, the burden shifts back to the utility to prove its conduct was reasonable. If a utility does not have a valid safety certification, it will have the burden to prove, based on a preponderance of evidence, that its conduct was prudent. The new prudency standard will survive the termination of the Wildfire Insurance Fund. 

Utilities participating in the Wildfire Insurance Fund are not required to reimburse the fund for amounts withdrawn from the fund that the CPUC finds were prudently incurred and can recover such prudently incurred wildfire costs through electric rates if the fund has been exhausted.

Wildfire Insurance Fund 

AB 1054 provided for the Wildfire Insurance Fund to reimburse a utility for payment of third-party damage claims arising from certain wildfires that exceed, in aggregate in a calendar year, the greater of $1.0 billion or the insurance coverage required to be maintained under AB 1054. The Wildfire Insurance Fund was established in September 2019 and is available for claims related to wildfires ignited after July 12, 2019 that are determined by the responsible government investigatory agency to have been caused by a utility. 

SCE and SDG&E collectively made their initial contributions totaling approximately $2.7 billion to the Wildfire Insurance Fund in September 2019. Upon its emergence from bankruptcy, on July 1, 2020, PG&E made its initial contribution of approximately $
4.8 billion to the Wildfire Insurance Fund. PG&E, SCE and SDG&E are also collectively expected to make aggregate contributions of approximately $
3.0 billion to the Wildfire Insurance Fund through annual contributions to the fund over a 10-year period, of which they have made two annual contributions totaling approximately $
600 million. In addition to PG&E's, SCE's and SDG&E's contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund, PG&E, SCE and SDG&E are expected to collect $
6.1 billion, $
6.1 billion and $
1.3 billion, respectively, from their customers over a 15-year period through a dedicated rate component. The amount collected from customers may be directly contributed to the Wildfire Insurance Fund or used to support the issuance of up to $10.5 billion in bonds by the California Department of Water Resources, the proceeds of which would be contributed to the fund. In addition to funding contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund, the amount collected from utility customers will pay for, among other things, any interest and financing costs related to any bonds that are issued by the California Department of Water Resources to support the contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund. 

SCE made an initial contribution of approximately $2.4 billion to the Wildfire Insurance Fund in September 2019 and committed to make ten annual contributions of approximately $
95 million per year to the fund, by no later than January 1 of each year. Through December 31, 2020, SCE has contributed approximately $
2.6 billion to the Wildfire Insurance Fund. During 2020 SCE amortized its contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund over 
10 years, based on evaluation of the fund's expected life based on actual fire experience to December 31, 2020. SCE expects the life of the fund to be 
15 years from July 12, 2019 which will be reflected prospectively in amortization expense from January 1, 2021. SCE's contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund will not be recoverable through electric rates and will be excluded from the measurement of SCE's CPUC-jurisdictional authorized capital structure. SCE will also not be entitled to cost recovery for any borrowing costs incurred in connection with its contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund. See Note 1 for information on the accounting impact of SCE's contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund. 

122

Reimbursement from Wildfire Insurance Fund and AB 1054 Liability Cap

Participating investor-owned utilities will be reimbursed from the Wildfire Insurance Fund for eligible claims, subject to the fund administrator's review. SCE will reimburse the fund for any withdrawn amounts if SCE receives payment of such amounts under an indemnification agreement or from an insurance provider or other third-party. SCE will also be required to reimburse the fund for withdrawn amounts that the CPUC disallows, subject, in some instances, to the AB 1054 Liability Cap (as defined below). If the utility has maintained a valid safety certification and its actions or inactions that resulted in the wildfire are not found to constitute conscious or willful disregard of the rights and safety of others, the aggregate requirement to reimburse the fund over a trailing three calendar year period is capped at 20% of the equity portion of the utility's transmission and distribution rate base in the year of the prudency determination ("AB 1054 Liability Cap"). Based on SCE's forecasted weighted-average 2021 rate base and using the equity portion of SCE's CPUC authorized capital structure of 
52%, SCE's requirement to reimburse the Wildfire Insurance Fund for eligible claims disallowed in 2021 would be capped at approximately $
3.2 billion.

SCE will not be allowed to recover borrowing costs incurred to reimburse the fund for amounts that the CPUC disallows. The Wildfire Insurance Fund and, consequently, the AB 1054 Liability Cap will terminate when the administrator determines that the fund has been exhausted. 

     Safety Certification and Wildfire Mitigation Plan

Under AB 1054, SCE can obtain an annual safety certification upon the submission of certain required safety information, including an approved wildfire mitigation plan ("WMP"). On September 17, 2020, SCE obtained a safety certification that will be valid for 12 months. Notwithstanding its 12-month term, if SCE requests a new safety certification prior to the expiration of its current safety certification, then its current safety certification will remain valid until the CPUC's Wildfire Safety Division ("WSD") acts on SCE's request for a new safety certification. 

Under AB 1054, SCE is required to submit a WMP to the CPUC at least once every three years for review and approval. Beginning in 2020, each such plan was required to cover at least a three-year period. SCE filed its 2020 – 2022 WMP in February 2020. In June 2020 the CPUC ratified the WSD's conditional approval of SCE's 2020 – 2022 WMP. The approval is conditioned on SCE providing requested information to the WSD, including additional descriptions of how SCE is implementing, and will implement, certain requirements imposed by the WSD. SCE filed an update to its 2020 – 2022 WMP on February 5, 2021 to, among other things, report on implementation of its plan in 2020 and describe new and ongoing wildfire mitigation activities.

    Capital Expenditure Requirement 

Under AB 1054, approximately $1.6 billion of spending by SCE on wildfire risk mitigation capital expenditures made after August 1, 2019, cannot be included in the equity portion of SCE's rate base ("AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures"). SCE can apply for irrevocable orders from the CPUC to finance these AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures, including through the issuance of securitized bonds, and can recover any prudently incurred financing costs. In November 2020, the CPUC issued an irrevocable order permitting SCE to finance approximately $
340 million, comprised of AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures incurred in connection with GS&RP and prudently incurred financing costs, through the issuance of securitized bonds. As of December 31, 2020, SCE has spent $
1.3 billion on AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures and expects to spend the remainder of the AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures in the first quarter of 2021. SCE issued securitized bonds in the amount of $
338 million in February 2021 and expects to seek additional irrevocable orders from the CPUC to finance the remaining AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures.

Environmental Remediation

SCE records its environmental remediation liabilities when site assessments and/or remedial actions are probable and a range of reasonably likely cleanup costs can be estimated. SCE reviews its sites and measures the liability quarterly, by assessing a range of reasonably likely costs for each identified site using currently available information, including existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, experience gained at similar sites, and the probable level of involvement and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties. These estimates include costs for site investigations, remediation, operation and maintenance, monitoring and site closure. Unless there is a single probable amount, SCE records the lower end of this reasonably likely range of costs (reflected in "Other long-term liabilities") at undiscounted amounts as timing of cash flows is uncertain.

At December 31, 2020, SCE's recorded estimated minimum liability to remediate its 25 identified material sites (sites with a liability balance as of December 31, 2020, in which the upper end of the range of the costs is at least $
1 million) was $
255 million, including $
173 million related to San Onofre. In addition to these sites, SCE also has 
15 immaterial sites with a 

123

liability balance at December 31, 2020 for which the total minimum recorded liability was $4 million. Of the $
259 million total environmental remediation liability for SCE, $
247 million has been recorded as a regulatory asset. SCE expects to recover $
40 million through an incentive mechanism that allows SCE to recover 
90% of its environmental remediation costs at certain sites (SCE may request to include additional sites in this mechanism), and $
207 million through proceedings that allow SCE to recover up to 
100% of the costs incurred at certain sites through customer rates. SCE's identified sites include several sites for which there is a lack of currently available information, including the nature and magnitude of contamination, and the extent, if any, that SCE may be held responsible for contributing to any costs incurred for remediating these sites. Thus, no reasonable estimate of cleanup costs can be made for these sites.

SCE performed 1.6 miles of access road grading and vegetation clearing in the Mission Canyon area of Santa Barbara County in December 2019, resulting in debris moving downslope into a creek bed and other impacts in the area (the "Mission Canyon Incident"). Several state and federal environmental agencies and the County and City of Santa Barbara have investigated the unpermitted grading and discharges to the creek, and SCE has received Notices of Violation from the Army Corps of Engineers, the County of Santa Barbara, the California Department of Fish & Wildlife and the Regional Water Quality Control Board. In December 2020, SCE and the Santa Barbara County District Attorney entered into a settlement regarding alleged criminal and civil violations related to the Mission Canyon Incident. Under the settlement, SCE pled no contest to a single misdemeanor charge for violation of the California Water Code and agreed to pay a $10,000 fine. SCE also agreed to pay a civil penalty of $
3.5 million and is subject to an injunction compelling it to complete planned remediation work related to the Mission Canyon Incident and not commit similar violations for 
five years. It is presently unknown whether any other regulatory agencies will impose fines or penalties on SCE with respect to the Mission Canyon Incident and, if so, in what amounts. SCE does not expect fines or penalties that are imposed in connection with the Mission Canyon Incident to be material. As of December 31, 2020, SCE recorded $
8 million of estimated minimum liability in relation to the Mission Canyon Incident, primarily associated with environmental remediation. Costs incurred for the year ended December 31, 2020 Mission Canyon Incident was approximately $
7 million. SCE will not seek recovery of these costs from customers in rates.

The ultimate costs to clean up SCE's identified sites may vary from its recorded liability due to numerous uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, such as: the extent and nature of contamination; the scarcity of reliable data for identified sites; the varying costs of alternative cleanup methods; developments resulting from investigatory studies; the possibility of identifying additional sites; and the time periods over which site remediation is expected to occur. SCE believes that, due to these uncertainties, it is reasonably possible that cleanup costs at the identified material sites and immaterial sites could exceed its recorded liability by up to $122 million and $
8 million, respectively. The upper limit of this range of costs was estimated using assumptions least favorable to SCE among a range of reasonably possible outcomes. The ultimate costs to remediate the Mission Canyon Incident is currently not estimable. 

SCE expects to clean up and mitigate its identified sites over a period of up to 30 years. Remediation costs for each of the next 5 years are expected to range from $
9 million to $
20 million. Costs incurred for years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $
7 million, $
9 million and $
8 million, respectively.

Based upon the CPUC's regulatory treatment of environmental remediation costs incurred at SCE, SCE believes that costs ultimately recorded will not materially affect its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. There can be no assurance, however, that future developments, including additional information about existing sites or the identification of new sites, will not require material revisions to estimates.

Nuclear Insurance

Federal law limits public offsite liability claims for bodily injury and property damage from a nuclear incident to the amount of available financial protection, which is currently approximately $13.8 billion for Palo Verde and $
560 million for San Onofre. As of January 1, 2020, SCE and other owners of San Onofre and Palo Verde have purchased the maximum private primary insurance available ($450 million) through a Facility Form issued by American Nuclear Insurers ("ANI"). In the case of San Onofre, the balance is covered by a US Government indemnity. In the case of Palo Verde, the balance is covered by a loss sharing program among nuclear reactor licensees. If a nuclear incident at any licensed reactor in the United States, which is participating in the loss sharing program, results in claims and/or costs which exceed the primary insurance at that plant site, all participating nuclear reactor licensees could be required to contribute their share of the liability in the form of a deferred premium. 

The ANI Facility Form coverage includes broad liability protection for bodily injury or offsite property damage caused by the nuclear energy hazard at San Onofre or Palo Verde, or while radioactive material is in transit to or from San Onofre or Palo Verde. The Facility Form, however, includes several exclusions. First, it excludes onsite property damage to the nuclear facility itself and onsite cleanup costs, but as discussed below SCE maintains separate Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited ("NEIL") property damage coverage for such events. Second, tort claims of onsite workers are excluded, but SCE also 

124

maintains an ANI Master Worker Form policy that provides coverage for non-licensee workers. This program provides a shared industry aggregate limit of $450 million. Industry losses covered by this program could reduce limits available to SCE. Third, offsite environmental costs arising out of government orders or directives, including those issued under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, also known as CERCLA, are excluded, with minor exceptions from clearly identifiable accidents.

SCE withdrew from participation in the secondary insurance pool for San Onofre for offsite liability insurance effective January 5, 2018. Based on its ownership interests in Palo Verde, SCE could be required to pay a maximum of approximately $65 million per nuclear incident for future incidents. However, it would have to pay no more than approximately $
10 million per future incident in any one year. SCE could be required to pay a maximum of approximately $
255 million per nuclear incident and a maximum of $
38 million per year per incident for liabilities arising from events prior to January 5, 2018, although SCE is not aware of any such events. If the public liability limit above is insufficient, federal law contemplates that additional funds may be appropriated by Congress. This could include an additional assessment on all licensed reactor operators as a measure for raising further federal revenue.

SCE is a member of NEIL, a mutual insurance company owned by entities with nuclear facilities. NEIL provides insurance for nuclear property damage, including damages caused by acts of terrorism up to specified limits, and for accidental outages for active facilities. The amount of nuclear property damage insurance purchased for San Onofre and Palo Verde exceeds the minimum federal requirement of $50 million and $
1.1 billion, respectively. These policies include coverage for decontamination liability. Additional outage insurance covers part of replacement power expenses during an accident-related nuclear unit outage. The accidental outage insurance at San Onofre has been canceled as a result of the permanent retirement, but that insurance continues to be in effect at Palo Verde.

If NEIL losses at any nuclear facility covered by the arrangement were to exceed the accumulated funds for these insurance programs, SCE could be assessed retrospective premium adjustments of up to approximately $30 million per year. Insurance premiums are charged to operating expense.

Spent Nuclear Fuel

Under federal law, the DOE is responsible for the selection and construction of a facility for the permanent disposal of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste. The DOE has not met its contractual obligation to accept spent nuclear fuel. Extended delays by the DOE have led to the construction of costly alternatives and associated siting and environmental issues. Currently, both San Onofre and Palo Verde have interim storage for spent nuclear fuel on site sufficient for their current license period.

In June 2010, the United States Court of Federal Claims issued a decision granting SCE and the San Onofre co-owners damages of approximately $142 million (SCE share $
112 million) to recover costs incurred through December 31, 2005 for the DOE's failure to meet its obligation to begin accepting spent nuclear fuel from San Onofre. SCE received payment from the federal government in the amount of the damage award. In April 2016, SCE, as operating agent, settled a lawsuit on behalf of the San Onofre owners against the DOE for $
162 million (SCE share $
124 million, which included reimbursement for approximately $
2 million in legal and other costs), to compensate for damages caused by the DOE's failure to meet its obligation to begin accepting spent nuclear fuel for the period from January 1, 2006 to December 31, 2013. In August 2018, the CPUC approved SCE's proposal to return the SCE share of the award to customers based on the amount that customers actually contributed for fuel storage costs; resulting in approximately $
106 million of the SCE share being returned to customers and the remaining $
17 million being returned to shareholders. Of the $
106 million, $
72 million was applied against the remaining San Onofre Regulatory Asset in accordance with the Revised San Onofre Settlement Agreement. 

The April 2016 settlement also provided for a claim submission/audit process for expenses incurred from 2014 – 2016, where SCE may submit a claim for damages caused by the DOE failure to accept spent nuclear fuel each year, followed by a government audit and payment of the claim. This process made additional legal action to recover damages incurred in 2014 – 2016 unnecessary. The first such claim covering damages for 2014 – 2015 was filed on September 30, 2016 for approximately $56 million. In February 2017, the DOE reviewed the 2014 – 2015 claim submission and reduced the original request to approximately $
43 million (SCE share was approximately $
34 million). SCE accepted the DOE's determination, and the government paid the 2014 – 2015 claim under the terms of the settlement. In October 2017, SCE filed a claim covering damages for 2016 for approximately $
58 million. In May 2018, the DOE approved reimbursement of approximately $
45 million (SCE share was approximately $
35 million) of SCE's 2016 damages, disallowing recovery of approximately $
13 million. SCE accepted the DOE's determination, and the government paid the 2016 claim under the terms of the settlement. The damages awards are subject to CPUC review as to how the amounts will be refunded among customers, shareholders, or to offset other costs.

125

In November 2019, SCE filed a new complaint against the DOE to recover damages incurred from January 1, 2017 through July 31, 2018.

Upstream Lighting Program

From 2017 – 2019, SCE administered the Upstream Lighting Program, part of a statewide program administered by investor-owned utilities that offered discounted energy efficient light bulbs to customers through incentives to lighting manufacturers. The CPUC began investigating the programs administered by the investor-owned utilities based on reports that investor-owned utilities, including SCE, shipped a significant number of bulbs under the program that could not be tracked to customers. Beginning in January 2020, the CPUC has sought comments on remedies related to SCE's implementation of the Upstream Lighting Program from 2017 through 2019 program years. SCE undertook an independent investigation of bulbs shipped to retailers categorized as grocery and discount businesses during the 2017 to 2019 program years and found that there were overstocking of bulbs and program management shortcomings. Incentives paid to manufacturers for bulbs shipped to grocery and discount businesses during the relevant period, including those that were sold to customers, were approximately $91 million. In addition, SCE received incentives related to the bulbs shipped to grocery and discount businesses through an energy efficiency incentive mechanism ("ESPI Mechanism") of approximately $
3.5 million related to the bulbs shipped in 2017 and 2018. SCE also expects to receive incentives of approximately $
1.3 million under the ESPI Mechanism in 2022 related to bulbs shipped to grocery and discount businesses in 2018 and 2019. In January 2021, the Public Advocates Office and The Utility Reform Network provided comments to the CPUC arguing that SCE imprudently managed the program and requesting: a refund of $
33 million of ESPI awards, which includes incentives associated with the Upstream Lighting Program and other energy efficiency programs; a refund of $
92 million of incentives paid to manufacturers and associated program administrative costs; $
140 million in fines; and additional program improvements to be provided at shareholder expense. SCE has accrued a charge for potential losses relating to the Upstream Lighting Program. The accrued charge corresponds to the lower end of the reasonably estimated range of expected losses that may be incurred in connection with the Upstream Lighting Program and is subject to change as additional information becomes available.

Note 13.    Leases

Leases as Lessee

SCE enters into various agreements to purchase power, electric capacity and other energy products that may be accounted for as leases when SCE has dispatch rights that determine when and how a plant runs. SCE also leases property and equipment primarily related to vehicles, office space and other equipment. The terms of the contracts included in the table below are primarily 3 to 
20 years for PPA leases, 
5 to 
72 years for office leases, and 
5 to 
13 years for the remaining other operating leases. 

The following table summarizes SCE's lease payments for operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2020: 

(in millions)

PPA Operating Leases
1

Other Operating Leases
2 

PPA Finance Leases
1

2021

$

204 

$

39 

$

1 

2022

208 

32 

1 

2023

159 

26 

1 

2024

47 

21 

— 

2025

47 

18 

— 

Thereafter

443 

104 

5 

Total lease payments

1,108 

240 

8 

Amount representing interest
3

203 

60 

4 

Lease liabilities

$

905 

$

180 

$

4 

1
Excludes expected purchases from most renewable energy contracts, which do not meet the definition of a lease payment since renewable power generation is contingent on external factors.

2
Excludes escalation clauses based on consumer price or other indices and residual value guarantees that are not considered probable at the commencement date of the lease.

3
Lease payments are discounted to their present value using SCE's incremental borrowing rates.

126

Supplemental balance sheet information related to SCE's leases was as follows:

(in millions)

December 31, 2020

December 31, 2019

Operating leases:

Operating lease ROU assets
1

$

1,085 

$

689 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

214 

79 

Operating lease liabilities

871 

610 

Total operating lease liabilities
1

$

1,085 

$

689 

Finance leases included in:

Utility property, plant and equipment, gross

$

4 

$

14 

Accumulated depreciation

— 

(5)

Utility property, plant and equipment, net

4 

9 

Other current liabilities

— 

1 

Other long-term liabilities

4 

8 

Total finance lease liabilities

$

4 

$

9 

1

During the year ended 2020, a PPA operating lease commenced and one PPA was amended resulting in a total of $
463 million additions in ROU assets and lease liabilities.

The timing of SCE's recognition of the lease expense conforms to ratemaking treatment for SCE's recovery of the cost of electricity and is included in purchased power for operating leases and interest and amortization expense for finance leases. The following table summarizes the components of SCE's lease expense:

(in millions)

Year ended December 31, 2020

Year ended December 31, 2019

PPA leases:

Operating lease cost

$

111 

$

118 

Finance lease cost

1 

1 

Variable lease cost
1

1,917 

2,087 

Total PPA lease cost

2,029 

2,206 

Other operating leases cost

47 

46 

Total lease cost

$

2,076 

$

2,252 

1
Includes lease costs from renewable energy contracts where payments are based on contingent external factors such as wind, hydro and solar power generation.

127

Other information related to leases was as follows: 

(in millions, except lease term and discount rate)

Year ended December 31, 2020

Year ended December 31, 2019

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:

Operating cash flows from operating leases

PPA leases

$

111 

$

118 

Other leases

44 

44 

Financing cash flows from PPA finance leases

1 

1 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:

PPA operating leases

$

463 

— 

Other operating leases

58 

34 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years):

Operating leases

PPA leases

9.75

16.05

Other leases

12.13

12.73

PPA Finance leases

16.67

11.51

Weighted average discount rate:

Operating leases

PPA leases

3.12 

%

4.46 

%

Other leases

3.63 

%

3.88 

%

PPA Finance leases

11.29 

%

8.76 

%

Leases as Lessor 

SCE also enters into operating leases to rent certain land and facilities as a lessor. These leases primarily have terms that range from 15 to 
65 years. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, SCE recognized $
17 million and $
18 million, respectively, in lease income, which is included in operating revenue on the consolidated statements of income. 
At December 31, 2020, the undiscounted cash flow expected to be received from lease payments for the remaining years is as follows: 

(in millions)

2021

$

11 

2022

10 

2023

8 

2024

7 

2025

6 

Thereafter

128 

Total

$

170 

EME, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edison International, emerged from bankruptcy in 2014 and retained a lease investment in a hydroelectric power plant in Vidalia, Louisiana. In November 2020, the lessee exercised an option in the lease agreement and purchased the asset upon expiration of the lease term. Edison International recognized the net proceeds of $132 million as a pre-tax gain and has no remaining investment balance as of December 31, 2020 related to the lease investment. The revenue recognized for the lease in 2020 is immaterial to Edison International's consolidated financial statements.

128

Note 14.    Equity

Common Stock Issuances

In May 2020, Edison International issued 14,181,882 shares of common stock in a registered direct offering and received approximately $
800 million in proceeds, before deducting fees and offering expenses of $
14 million. The proceeds were used to pay off debt outstanding under a term loan agreement and for general corporate purposes. Refer to Note 5 for details of the term loan. 

In May 2019, Edison International filed a prospectus supplement and executed several distribution agreements with certain sales agents to establish an "at-the-market" ("ATM") program under which it may sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to $1.5 billion. During the three months ended December 31, 2020, Edison International did 
not issue any shares through the ATM program. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, Edison International issued 
391,501 shares through the ATM program and received proceeds of $
27 million, net of fees and offering expenses of $
0.3 million. During the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2019, Edison International issued 
2,824,261 shares through the ATM program and received proceeds of $
198 million, net of fees and offering expenses of $
2 million. The proceeds from the sales were used for equity contributions to SCE and for general corporate and working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2020, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of $
1.3 billion remained available to be sold under the ATM program. Edison International has no obligation to sell the remaining available shares. 

Edison International continued to settle its ongoing common stock requirements of various internal programs through issuance of new common stock. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, 1,644,500 shares of common stock were purchased by employees through the 401(k) defined contribution savings plan for net cash receipts of $
99 million, 
387,425 shares of common stock were issued as stock compensation awards for net cash receipts of $
16 million, 
280,707 shares of new common stock were issued in lieu of distributing $
17 million to shareholders opting to receive dividend payments in the form of additional common stock and 
35,999 shares of common stock related to optional cash investments of $
2 million. 

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2019, 595,200 shares of common stock were purchased by employees through the 401(k) defined contribution savings plan for net cash receipts of $
41 million, 
423,569 shares of common stock were issued as stock compensation awards for net cash receipts of $
22 million and 
125,481 shares of new common stock were issued in lieu of distributing $
8 million to shareholders opting to receive dividend payments in the form of additional common stock. Edison International did not have optional cash investment issuances in December 31, 2019.

Equity Contributions

In 2020, Edison International Parent made the following equity contributions to SCE:

Date of contribution

Amounts (in millions)

February 28, 2020

$

269 

April 29, 2020

200

May 26, 2020

319

June 30, 2020

100

August 31, 2020

219

December 18, 2020

325

Total

$

1,432 

The proceeds from the Edison International Parent equity contributions in 2020 were used to support SCE's capital program, maintain the equity portion of SCE's capital structure at authorized levels and for general corporate purposes. 

Preferred and Preference Stock of Utility

SCE's authorized shares are: $100 cumulative preferred – 
12 million shares, $
25 cumulative preferred – 
24 million shares and preference with no par value – 
50 million shares. There are no dividends in arrears for the preferred or preference shares. 

During the third quarter of 2020, SCE redeemed $120 million of cumulative preferred stock consisting of all of the outstanding shares of the 
4.32% Series, 
4.08% Series, 
4.24% Series and the 
4.78% Series at a price of $
28.75, $
25.50, $
25.80 and $
25.80, respectively. SCE recorded a $
9 million loss on the redemption of the preferred stock as an adjustment to net 

129

income available to common stockholders. No
 preferred shares were issued or redeemed in the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. There is no sinking fund requirement for redemptions or repurchases of preferred shares.

Shares of SCE's preference stock rank senior to all common stock. Shares of SCE's preference stock are not convertible into shares of any other class or series of SCE's capital stock or any other security. SCE's outstanding preference shares are not subject to mandatory redemption and there is no sinking fund requirement for redemptions or repurchases of preference shares.

Preferred stock and preference stock are:

SharesOutstanding

RedemptionPrice

Dividends Declared per Share

December 31,

(in millions, except shares and per share amounts)

2020

2019

Cumulative preferred stock

$25

 par value:

4.08% Series

— 

$

25.50 

$

0.757 

$

— 

$

16 

4.24% Series

— 

25.80 

0.786 

— 

30 

4.32% Series

— 

28.75 

0.801 

— 

41 

4.78% Series

— 

25.80 

0.886 

— 

33 

Preference stock

No par value:

6.25% Series E (cumulative)

350,000 

1,000.00 

62.500 

350 

350 

5.10% Series G (cumulative)

88,004 

2,500.00 

127.500 

220 

400 

5.75% Series H (cumulative)

110,004 

2,500.00 

143.750 

275 

275 

5.375% Series J (cumulative)

130,004 

2,500.00 

134.375 

325 

325 

5.45% Series K (cumulative)

120,004 

2,500.00 

136.250 

300 

300 

5.00% Series L (cumulative)

190,004 

2,500.00 

125.000 

475 

475 

SCE's preferred and preference stock

1,945 

2,245 

Less issuance costs

(44)

(52)

Edison International's preferred and preference stock of utility

$

1,901 

$

2,193 

Shares of Series E preference stock issued in 2012 may be redeemed at par, in whole or in part, on or after February 1, 2022. Shares of Series G, H, J, K and L preference stock, issued in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, may be redeemed at par, in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2018, March 15, 2024, September 15, 2025, March 15, 2026 and June 26, 2022, respectively, if certain changes in tax or investment company law or interpretation (or applicable rating agency equity credit criteria for Series L only) occur and certain other conditions are satisfied. On or after March 15, 2018, March 15, 2024, September 15, 2025, March 15, 2026 and June 26, 2022, SCE may redeem the Series G, H, J, K and L shares, respectively, at par, in whole or in part. For shares of Series H, J and K preference stock, distributions will accrue and be payable at a floating rate from and including March 15, 2024, September 15, 2025 and March 15, 2026, respectively. Shares of Series G, H, J, K and L preference stock were issued to SCE Trust II, SCE Trust III, SCE Trust IV, SCE Trust V and SCE Trust VI, respectively, special purpose entities formed to issue trust securities as discussed in Note 3. During the third quarter of 2020, SCE redeemed $180 million of the outstanding shares of the Series G preference stock. SCE recorded a $
6 million loss on the redemption of the preference stock as an adjustment to net income available to common stockholders. No preference shares were issued or redeemed in the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018.

130

Note 15.    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, consist of:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2020

2019

Beginning balance

$

(69)

$

(50)

$

(39)

$

(23)

Pension and PBOP – net loss:

Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications

(8)

(14)

(7)

(14)

Reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss
1

8 

5 

5 

3 

Other
2

— 

(10)

— 

(5)

Change

— 

(19)

(2)

(16)

Ending balance

$

(69)

$

(69)

$

(41)

$

(39)

1    
These items are included in the computation of net periodic pension and PBOP expenses. See Note 9 for additional information.

2    

Edison International and SCE recognized cumulative effect adjustments to the opening balance of retained earnings and accumulated other comprehensive loss on January 1, 2019 related to the adoption of the accounting standards update on the reclassification of stranded tax effects resulting from Tax Reform in 2019.

Note 16.    Other Income 

Other income net of expenses is as follows:

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

SCE other income and (expenses):

Equity allowance for funds used during construction

$

121 

$

101 

$

104 

 Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance policies and life insurance benefits

66 

39 

36 

Interest income

20 

37 

24 

Net periodic benefit income – non-service components

102 

70 

81 

Civic, political and related activities and donations

(42)

(46)

(44)

Other

(12)

(6)

(7)

Total SCE other income

255 

195 

194 

Other income of Edison International Parent and Other:

Net periodic benefit costs – non-service components

(2)

(3)

(2)

 Other

(2)

1 

5 

Total Edison International other income

$

251 

$

193 

$

197 

131

Note 17.    Supplemental Cash Flows Information

Supplemental cash flows information is:

Edison International

SCE

Years ended December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

2018

2020

2019

2018

Cash payments (receipts):

Interest, net of amounts capitalized

$

836 

$

705 

$

595 

$

713 

$

615 

$

552 

Income taxes, net

(34)

(85)

(135)

(50)

(164)

(57)

Non-cash financing and investing activities:

Dividends declared but not paid:

Common stock

251 

231 

200 

— 

200 

— 

Preferred and preference stock

11 

12 

12 

11 

12 

12 

SCE's accrued capital expenditures at December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 were $730 million, $
643 million and $
594 million, respectively. Accrued capital expenditures will be included as an investing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows in the period paid.

Note 18.    Related-Party Transactions

Edison International and SCE provide and receive various services to and from its subsidiaries and affiliates. Services provided to Edison International by SCE are priced at fully loaded cost (i.e., direct cost of good or service and allocation of overhead cost). Specified administrative services performed by Edison International or SCE employees, such as payroll and employee benefit programs, are shared among all affiliates of Edison International. Costs are allocated based on one of the following formulas: percentage of time worked, equity in investment and advances, number of employees, or multi-factor (operating revenue, operating expenses, total assets and number of employees). Edison International allocates various corporate administrative and general costs to SCE and other subsidiaries using established allocation factors.

For the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018, SCE purchased wildfire liability insurance for premiums of $176 million, $
260 million and $
22 million respectively, from Edison Insurance Services, Inc. ("EIS"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edison International. EIS fully reinsured the exposure for these policies through the commercial reinsurance market, with reinsurance limits and premiums equal to those of the insurance purchased by SCE. 
The related-party transactions included in SCE's consolidated balance sheets for wildfire-related insurance purchased from EIS and related expected insurance recoveries were as follows:

December 31,

(in millions)

2020

2019

Current insurance receivable due from affiliate

$

268 

$

— 

Long-term insurance receivables due from affiliate

— 

803 

Prepaid insurance
1

56 

10 

1

Reflected in "Prepaid expenses" on SCE's consolidated balance sheets. 

The expense for wildfire-related insurance premiums paid to EIS were $189 million, $
173 million and $
140 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018 respectively.

132

Note 19.    Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

Edison International's quarterly financial data is as follows:

2020

(in millions, except per share amounts)

Fourth

Third

Second

First

Operating revenue

$

3,157 

$

4,644 

$

2,987 

$

2,790 

Operating income (loss)

794 

(379)

500 

302 

Net income (loss)

552 

(242)

348 

213 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders

526 

(288)

318 

183 

Basic earnings (loss) per share:

$

1.39 

$

(0.76)

$

0.85 

$

0.50 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share:

$

1.39 

$

(0.76)

$

0.85 

$

0.50 

Dividends declared per share

0.6625 

0.6375 

0.6375 

0.6375 

2019

(in millions, except per share amounts)

Fourth

Third

Second

First

Operating revenue

$

2,970 

$

3,741 

$

2,812 

$

2,824 

Operating income

287 

636 

500 

352 

Net income

173 

502 

422 

308 

Net income attributable to common shareholders

143 

471 

392 

278 

Basic earnings per share:

$

0.40 

$

1.36 

$

1.20 

$

0.85 

Diluted earnings per share:

$

0.40 

$

1.35 

$

1.20 

$

0.85 

Dividends declared per share

0.6375 

0.6125 

0.6125 

0.6125 

SCE's quarterly financial data is as follows:

2020

(in millions)

Fourth

Third

Second

First

Operating revenue

$

3,151 

$

4,635 

$

2,980 

$

2,780 

Operating income (loss)

678 

(364)

548 

316 

Net income (loss)

500 

(218)

411 

249 

Net income (loss) available for common stock

474 

(264)

381 

219 

Common dividends declared

325 

269 

269 

269 

2019

(in millions)

Fourth

Third

Second

First

Operating revenue

$

2,958 

$

3,732 

$

2,800 

$

2,816 

Operating income

325 

649 

513 

358 

Net income

224 

534 

449 

323 

Net income available for common stock

194 

503 

419 

293 

Common dividends declared

200 

200 

— 

200 

Due to the seasonal nature of Edison International and SCE's business, a significant amount of revenue and earnings are recorded in the third quarter of each year. 

133

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Selected Financial Data: 2016 – 2020 

(in millions, except per share amounts)

2020

2019

2018

2017

2016

Edison International

Operating revenue
1

$

13,578

$

12,347

$

12,657

$

12,320

$

11,869

Operating expenses
2

12,361

10,572

13,209

10,864

9,807

Income (loss) from continuing operations

871

1,405

(350)

668

1,413

Income from discontinued operations, net of tax

—

—

34

—

12

Net income (loss)

871

1,405

(316)

668

1,425

Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders

739

1,284

(423)

565

1,311

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding

373

340

326

326

326

Basic earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

$

1.98

$

3.78

$

(1.40)

$

1.73

$

3.99

Discontinued operations

—

—

0.10

—

0.03

Total

$

1.98

$

3.78

$

(1.30)

$

1.73

$

4.02

Diluted earnings (loss) per share:

Continuing operations

$

1.98

$

3.77

$

(1.40)

$

1.72

$

3.94

Discontinued operations

—

—

0.10

—

0.03

Total

$

1.98

$

3.77

$

(1.30)

$

1.72

$

3.97

Dividends declared per share

2.5750

2.4750

2.4275

2.2325

1.9825

Total assets
3, 4

$

69,372

$

64,382

$

56,715

$

52,580

$

51,319

Long-term debt excluding current portion

19,632

17,864

14,632

11,642

10,175

Preferred and preference stock of utility

1,901

2,193

2,193

2,193

2,191

Common shareholders' equity

14,048

13,303

10,459

11,671

11,996

Southern California Edison Company

Operating revenue
1

$

13,546

$

12,306

$

12,611

$

12,254

$

11,830

Operating expenses
2

12,368

10,461

13,017

10,707

9,648

Net income (loss)

942

1,530

(189)

1,136

1,499

Net income (loss) available for common stock

810

1,409

(310)

1,012

1,376

Total assets

$

69,286

$

64,273

$

56,574

$

51,515

$

50,891

Long-term debt excluding current portion

16,499

15,132

12,892

10,428

9,754

Preferred and preference stock

1,945

2,245

2,245

2,245

2,245

Common shareholder's equity

16,705

15,582

11,540

12,427

12,238

Capital structure
4
:

Common shareholder's equity

47.5 

%

47.3 

%

43.3 

%

49.5 

%

50.5 

%

Preferred and preference stock

5.5 

%

6.8 

%

8.4 

%

9.0 

%

9.3 

%

Long-term debt

46.9 

%

45.9 

%

48.3 

%

41.5 

%

40.2 

%

1    
Effective January 1, 2018, Edison International and SCE adopted an accounting standards update on revenue recognition, using the modified retrospective method. As a result, prior period amounts were not adjusted to reflect the adoption of this standard. 

2
     Expenses for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were updated to reflect the implementation of the accounting standard update for net periodic benefit costs related to the defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.

3 
Includes assets from continuing and discontinued operations.

4
     This capital structure is based on the financial statements as reported under generally accepted accounting principles and does not factor in the adjustments required to calculate CPUC ratemaking capital structure.

134

The selected financial data was derived from Edison International's and SCE's audited financial statements and is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information and financial statements, including notes to those financial statements, included in this annual report. References to Edison International refer to the consolidated group of Edison International and its subsidiaries.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Based on an evaluation of Edison International's and SCE's disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as of December 31, 2020, Edison International's and SCE's respective principal executive officers and principal financial officers have concluded that such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Edison International and SCE in reports that the companies file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. In addition, Edison International's and SCE's respective principal executive officers and principal financial officers have concluded that such controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by Edison International and SCE in the reports that Edison International and SCE file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Edison International's and SCE's management, including Edison International's and SCE's respective principal executive officers and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Edison International's and SCE's respective management are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for Edison International and its subsidiaries and SCE, respectively. Under the supervision and with the participation of their respective principal executive officer and principal financial officer, Edison International's and SCE's management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of their respective internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework set forth in 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework
 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on their evaluations under the COSO framework, Edison International's and SCE's respective management concluded that Edison International's and SCE's respective internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2020. Edison International's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report on the financial statements included in this report, which is incorporated herein by this reference. This annual report does not include an attestation report of SCE's independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report for SCE is not subject to attestation by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in Edison International's or SCE's internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2020 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Edison International's or SCE's internal control over financial reporting.

Jointly Owned Utility Plant

Edison International's and SCE's respective scope of evaluation of internal control over financial reporting includes their Jointly Owned Utility Projects.

OTHER INFORMATION

None.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

135

BUSINESS

CORPORATE STRUCTURE, INDUSTRY AND OTHER INFORMATION

Edison International was incorporated in 1987 as the parent holding company of SCE, a California public utility incorporated in 1909. Edison International also owns Edison Energy which is engaged in the competitive business of providing data-driven energy solutions to commercial, institutional and industrial customers.

The principal executive offices of Edison International and SCE are located at 2244 Walnut Grove Avenue, P.O. Box 976, Rosemead, California 91770, and the telephone numbers are (626) 302-2222 for Edison International and (626) 302-1212 for SCE.

This is a combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for Edison International and SCE. Edison International and SCE make available at www.edisoninvestor.com: Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after Edison International and SCE electronically file such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. Such reports are also available on the SEC's internet website at www.sec.gov. The information contained on, or connected to, the Edison investor website is not incorporated by reference into this report.

Subsidiaries of Edison International

SCE – Public Utility

SC
E is an investor-owned public utility primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity through SCE's electrical infrastructure to an approximately 50,000 square-mile area of southern California. SCE serves approximately 5 million customers in its service area. SCE's total number of customers by class were as follows:

(in thousands)

2020

2019

2018

Residential

4,531 

4,499 

4,478 

Commercial

577 

575 

572 

Industrial

9 

10 

10 

Public authorities

46 

46 

46 

Agricultural and other

20 

21 

21 

Total

5,183 

5,151 

5,127 

In 2020, SCE's total operating revenue of $13.5 billion was derived as follows: 42.4% residential customers, 40.1% commercial customers, 3.7% industrial customers, 3.9% public authorities, 3.6% agricultural and other, and 6.3% other operating revenue.

CPUC and FERC rates decouple authorized revenue from the volume of electricity sales and the price of energy procured so that SCE has the opportunity to receive revenue equal to amounts authorized by the relevant regulatory agencies. As a result, the volume of electricity sold to customers does not have a direct impact on SCE's financial results. See "SCE—Overview of Ratemaking Process—CPUC" and "—FERC" for further information.

Edison Energy Group – Energy Service Provider

Edison Energy Group is a holding company for Edison Energy which is engaged in the competitive business of providing data-driven energy solutions to commercial, institutional and industrial customers. Edison Energy aims to provide energy solutions that address cost, carbon and complex choices for their customers. In April 2018, Edison Energy Group sold its subsidiary SoCore Energy, which was engaged in providing distributed solar solutions.

To date, investments in Edison Energy Group are b
elow 1%
 of the total consolidated assets and operating revenue, and therefore are not material to be reported as a business segment.

136

Regulation of Edison International as a Holding Company

As a public utility holding company, Edison International is subject to the Public Utility Holding Company Act. The Public Utility Holding Company Act primarily obligates Edison International and its utility subsidiaries to provide access to their books and records to the FERC and the CPUC for ratemaking purposes.

Edison International is not a public utility and its capital structure is not regulated by the CPUC. The 1988 CPUC decision authorizing SCE to reorganize into a holding company structure, however, imposed certain obligations on Edison International and its affiliates. These obligations include a requirement that SCE's dividend policy continue to be established by SCE's Board of Directors as though SCE were a stand-alone utility company, and that the capital requirements of SCE, as deemed to be necessary to meet SCE's electricity service obligations, shall receive first priority from the Boards of Directors of Edison International and SCE. The CPUC has also promulgated Affiliate Transaction Rules, which, among other requirements, prohibit holding companies from (1) being used as a conduit to provide non-public information to a utility's affiliates and (2) causing or abetting a utility's violation of the rules, including providing preferential treatment to its affiliates.

Human Capital

At December 31, 2020, Edison International had an aggregate of 13,351 employees (excluding interns and employees on a leaves of absence), of which 13,067 were full-time employees of SCE or its subsidiaries. In addition to employees, SCE’s workforce includes a significant number of contract workers who support SCE's operations. Among SCE's non-employee workers are individuals assigned to contracted work activities that may be high risk and, without implementation of appropriate safety measures, may be potentially hazardous or life threatening ("Safety Tier 1 Contractors"). SCE estimates, based on contractors' self-reported hours worked and a 2,080-hour work year, that there were approximately 11,000 full-time equivalent Safety Tier 1 Contractors supporting SCE operations during 2020. SCE also uses other contract workers to support its transmission and distribution, vegetation management, information technology and customer service activities.

Approximately 4,000 of SCE's employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ("IBEW"). The IBEW collective bargaining agreements expire on December 31, 2022. In addition, a substantial number of SCE's contract workers are also unionized.

Edison International focuses on various human capital measures and objectives in managing its business, including measures and objectives related to safety, diversity, equity and inclusion and workforce continuity. 

Safety

Safety is the first of Edison International's core values. Edison International is committed to creating and maintaining a safe environment for its employees, contract workers, customers and the public. Over the past several years, Edison International’s efforts to improve workforce safety have included increased focus on, and investment in, developing a culture of safety ownership among its workforce that empowers employees and contract workers to own their safety, support their team members’ safety and contribute to a safe work environment. 

Edison International makes efforts to eliminate fatalities and serious injuries and reduce all injuries. For instance, all full-time employees are provided with regular safety-related training, particularly for those who work in proximity to high-voltage electrical equipment and other high-risk activities. In addition, SCE implemented more safety requirements for both prime contractors and subcontractors in 2020.

137

Edison International uses employee safety culture assessments to measure its progress relative to improving employee safety. Edison International also uses various measures to assess safety performance, including, without limitation, fatalities and serious injury rates for employees and contract workers. The following represents data for 2020
:

Employee work-related fatalities

0

Employee EEI Serious Injuries

17

Employee EEI SIF Rate
1

0.12

Employee DART Rate
2

0.89

Safety Tier 1 Contractor work-related fatalities

3

Safety Tier 1 Contractor EEI Serious Injuries

18

Safety Tier 1 Contractor DART Rate
2

0.45

1     
Employee EEI SIF Rate is calculated by multiplying the total number of employee EEI SIFs by 200,000 and then dividing by the total number of reported hours worked by all employees. 

2    
DART Rate is calculated by multiplying the number of DARTs by 200,000 and then dividing by the total number of reported hours worked.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Edison International has looked for ways to minimize exposure risk and protect the health and safety of its employees. A
ll Edison International employees who, in the company’s assessment, can work remotely and perform their job functions effectively have been directed to do so. 
Approximately two-thirds of Edison International's employees were working remotely as of February 1, 2021. 
In addition,
 Edison International has taken additional steps to minimize exposure for those employees who are not working remotely, including modified work practices and more frequent and enhanced cleanings at staffed facilities. Edison International has also extended several benefits to help all employees during the pandemic, including providing additional paid leave related to the pandemic for illness, quarantine or to care for family members.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Edison International is committed to developing a team that reflects the broad diversity of the customers and communities it serves. At Edison International, on average, employees in the same role get equal pay for equal work. Similar to broader society, when looking at gender or race/ethnicity-specific groups across the company, female, Black and Hispanic employees at Edison International are paid less due to lower representation in higher paying jobs. Edison International is committed to working towards increasing diversity in its higher paying jobs.

The table below Edison International's employee diversity data
1
 as of December 31, 2020:

Employees
2

Leaders
3

Executives
4

Females

32 

%

26 

%

37 

%

Racially/ethnically diverse

61 

%

49 

%

34 

%

Racially/ethnically or gender diverse

70 

%

60 

%

59 

%

1
     Calculated using the guidelines SCE uses to calculate the diversity data it reports to the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

2
      Excludes interns and employees on a leave of absence.

3
     "Leaders" represents all principal manager, senior manager, manager, senior supervisor and supervisor level employees. 

4
     "Executives" represents all officers and all director level employees. 

To support Edison International's diversity, equity and inclusion efforts, Executives and Leaders are offered the training and tools to promote diverse representation throughout their teams. In addition, Edison International evaluates whether hiring processes include diverse candidates and diverse sets of decision makers. In addition to measuring diversity, Edison International also uses various other measures to assess success of diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, including without limitation, monitoring hiring, promotion and turnover rates for diverse employees.

138

Workforce Continuity

Edison International is committed to identifying and developing the talents of its workforce and takes a variety of steps to increase employee engagement and provide employees opportunities for growth. Employees are provided with training opportunities, including an onboarding program, technical training, required ethics and compliance training and optional trainings to support career development. 

Employees receive competitive compensation packages which include a wide selection of health plans, a 401(k) savings plan with a company match, wellness programs and initiatives, tuition reimbursement, competitive vacation/holiday program, professional development, volunteer programs, employee assistance program, and a philanthropy and matching contribution program.

Edison International uses various measures to assess employee engagement and satisfaction, including, without limitation, conducting regular employee sentiment surveys and monitoring turnover. Edison International Parent and SCE's combined Turnover Rate for 2020 and 2019 were 5.1% and 5.6%, respectively.

Executives engage in succession planning for leadership positions within the organization. Edison International's and SCE's Boards of Directors also engage in annual succession planning and talent development discussions for senior officers.

Edison International's Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Report and Sustainability Report are available at http://www.edison.com/sustainability. The reports and any other information contained on, or connected to, this website are not deemed part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K
. 

Insurance

Edison International maintains a property and casualty insurance program for itself and its subsidiaries and excess liability insurance covering liabilities to third parties for bodily injury or property damage resulting from operations. These policies are subject to specific retentions, sub-limits and deductibles, which are comparable to those carried by other utility companies of similar size. SCE also has separate insurance programs for nuclear property and liability, workers compensation and wildfires. For further information on nuclear and wildfire insurance, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies." 

SCE

Regulation

CPUC

The CPUC has the authority to regulate, among other things, retail rates, utility distribution-level equipment and assets, energy purchases on behalf of retail customers, SCE capital structure, rate of return, issuance of securities, disposition of utility assets and facilities, oversight of nuclear decommissioning funding and costs, and aspects of the transmission system planning, site identification and construction, including safety and environmental mitigation.

FERC

The FERC has the authority to regulate wholesale rates as well as other matters, including unbundled transmission service pricing, rate of return, accounting practices, and licensing of hydroelectric projects. The FERC also has jurisdiction over a portion of the retail rates and associated rate design.

CAISO

Major transmission projects required for reliability and accessing renewable resources are recommended by the CAISO through a regular transmission planning process that highlights the need for and key issues associated with each project. Much of SCE's transmission investment program has been for transmission projects that facilitated access to renewable energy resources in desert and mountain regions east and north of its load center to meet the 33% renewable mandate by December 2020. The CAISO will similarly be initiating long-term transmission planning for 50% of SCE's retail electricity to be from qualifying renewable resources by 2030 and is conducting informational studies on achieving higher percentages from qualifying renewable resources.

NERC

The FERC assigned administrative responsibility to the NERC to establish and enforce reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection standards, which protect the bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches. The critical infrastructure protection standards focus on controlling access to critical physical and cyber 

139

security assets, including supervisory control and data acquisition systems for the electric grid. Compliance with these standards is mandatory. The maximum penalty that may be levied for violating a NERC reliability or critical infrastructure protection standard is $1 million per violation, per day.

SCE has a formal cyber security and physical security programs that cover SCE's information technology and operational technology systems, including customer data. Program staff is engaged with industry groups as well as public-private initiatives to reduce risk and to strengthen the security and reliability of SCE's systems and infrastructure.

Nuclear Power Plant Regulation

The NRC has jurisdiction with respect to the safety of San Onofre and Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Stations. The NRC regulates commercial nuclear power plants through licensing, oversight and inspection, performance assessment, and enforcement of its requirements. In June 2013, SCE decided to permanently retire and decommission San Onofre. For further information, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Decommissioning of San Onofre" in the MD&A.

Other Regulatory Agencies

The construction, planning and project site identification of SCE's transmission lines and substation facilities require the compliance with various laws and approval of many governmental agencies in addition to the CPUC and FERC. These include various state regulatory agencies depending on the project location; the CAISO, the US EPA, and other environmental, land management and resource agencies such as the Bureau of Land Management, the U.S. Forest Service, the California Department of Fish and Game, and the California Coastal Commission; the South Coast Air Quality Management District; and the California Water Quality Control Board. In addition, to the extent that SCE transmission line projects pass through lands owned or controlled by Native American tribes, consent and approval from the affected tribes and the Bureau of Indian Affairs are also necessary for the project to proceed.

Compliance with Government Regulations

SCE incurs significant costs to comply with government regulations. These costs, which include operation and maintenance expenses and capital expenses, including without limitation: costs incurred to maintain wildfire insurance coverage required under AB 1054; comply with environmental regulations, including licensing requirements, regulations governing California's renewable energy standards and regulations governing the decommissioning of SONGS; land use and construction regulations; privacy and cybersecurity regulations; and Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulations. SCE also incurs operation and maintenance expenses and capital expenses to comply with requirements set forth in various regulatory decisions, including, costs incurred to implement its approved capital projects and safety programs such as its WMPs. 

Most costs incurred by SCE to comply with government regulations are authorized in its CPUC and FERC general rate cases and, are therefore, recovered through electric rates. To the ex
tent SCE incurs costs to comply with government regulations above those that are authorized, or prior to obtaining authorization, for recovery through rates, for instance certain costs incurred in line with SCE's obligations under its WMPs and tracked in wildfire mitigation-related memorandum accounts, SCE will seek recovery of such costs through electric rates. There is no assurance that SCE will be allowed to recover these costs. For further information on wildfire mitigation and wildfire insurance costs, see "Management Overview—Wildfire Mitigation, Wildfire Insurance and Restoration Expenses" in the MD&A.

SCE earns a rate of return on its authorized capital expenditures included in its rate base. Approximately $1.6 billion of spending by SCE on wildfire risk mitigation capital expenditures made after August 1, 2019 are not included in rate base under the terms of AB 1054.

Overview of Ratemaking Process

CPUC

Revenue authorized by the CPUC through GRC proceedings is intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs and earn a return on its net investments in generation and distribution assets and general plant (also referred to as "rate base") on a forecast basis. Starting with SCE's 2021 GRC, revenue will be authorized through quadrennial GRC proceedings where the CPUC sets an annual revenue requirement for the base year which is made up of the operation and maintenance costs, depreciation, taxes and a return consistent with the authorized cost of capital (discussed below). In the GRC proceedings, the CPUC also generally approves the level of capital spending on a forecast basis. Following the base year, the revenue requirements for the remaining three years will be set by a methodology established in the GRC proceeding, which has generally, among other items, included annual allowances for escalation in operation and maintenance costs and additional changes in capital-related investments. Beginning with SCE's 2025 GRC, by May 15 in the year preceding each GRC application filing date, SCE is required to file a Risk Assessment and Mitigation Phase ("RAMP") application with the 

140

CPUC to provide information about SCE's assessment of its key safety risks and its proposed programs and spending for mitigating those risks. The information developed during the RAMP informs SCE's proposed projects and funding requests in the subsequent phase of the GRC.

SCE's 2018 GRC, a triennial proceeding, authorized revenue requirements for 2018, 2019 and 2020 were $5.1 billion, $5.5 billion and $5.9 billion, respectively. 

SCE's first RAMP application was timely filed in November 2018 for its 2021 GRC. In August 2019, SCE filed its 2021 GRC Application, which covered 2021 – 2023 in addition to a review of wildfire mitigation spending incremental to amounts authorized in SCE's 2018 GRC incurred from 2018 – 2020. SCE will make additional filings the 2021 GRC proceeding to cover 2024. For further discussion of the 2021 GRC, see "Management Overview—2021 GRC" in the MD&A. 

The CPUC regulates SCE's cost of capital, including its capital structure and authorized rates of return. As of January 1, 2020, SCE's authorized capital structure is 43% long-term debt, 5% preferred equity and 52% common equity. SCE's authorized cost of capital for 2020, 2021 and 2022 consists of: cost of long-term debt of 4.74%, cost of preferred equity of 5.70% and ROE of 10.3%. A cost of capital mechanism set by the CPUC could adjust authorized cost of capital between SCE's cost of capital proceedings. The benchmark value for the current mechanism is the 12-month, October 1, 2018 through September 30, 2019, average Moody's Baa utility bond yield of 4.5%. If the difference between the benchmark and the average of the same index for the 12-month period to September 30, 2021 exceeds 100-basis points, SCE's CPUC-authorized ROE will be adjusted for 2022 by half the amount of the difference (up or down). If the mechanism is triggered SCE’s costs of long-term debt and preferred equity will also be adjusted for 2022 to reflect the then current embedded costs and projected interest rates. SCE is required to file its next cost of capital application by April 2022 for rates effective beginning January 2023.

CPUC rates decouple authorized revenue from the volume of electricity sales so that SCE receives revenue equal to amounts authorized. Differences between amounts collected and authorized levels are either collected from or refunded to customers, and, therefore, such differences do not impact operating revenue. Accordingly, SCE is neither benefited nor burdened by the volumetric related to retail electricity sales.

Cost-recovery balancing accounts (also referred to as cost-recovery mechanisms) are used to track and recover SCE's decoupled costs of fuel and purchased power, as well as certain operation and maintenance expenses, including energy efficiency and demand-side management program costs. SCE earns no return on these activities and although differences between forecasted and actual costs do not impact earnings, such differences do impact cash flows and can change rapidly. SCE has other capital-related balancing accounts on which it earns a return, such as the pole loading balancing account.

SCE's cost-recovery mechanism for its fuel and purchased power-related costs is facilitated in three main balancing accounts, the ERRA, the PABA, and the NSGBA. For all three accounts, SCE sets rates based on an annual forecast of the costs that it expects to incur during the subsequent year. In addition, the CPUC has established a "trigger" mechanism for the ERRA and the PABA. The trigger mechanism requires SCE to request an expeditious rate change if the sum of the ERRA balance and the bundled service customers' pro-rata share of the PABA balance exceeds 4% of SCE's prior year generation rate revenue and SCE does not expect the aggregate overcollection or undercollection to fall below 5% of SCE's prior year generation rate revenue within 120 days. For 2021, SCE estimates the 4% and 5% trigger amounts to be approximately $205 million and $256 million, respectively. At December 31, 2020, the ERRA was overcollected by approximately $148 million, the PABA was undercollected by approximately $435 million, and the NSGBA was overcollected by approximately $10 million. SCE began incorporating these year-end balances into customer rates in February 2021.

The majority of procurement-related costs eligible for recovery through cost-recovery rates are pre-approved by the CPUC through specific decisions and a procurement plan with predefined standards that establish the eligibility for cost-recovery. If such costs are subsequently found to be non-compliant with this procurement plan, then this could negatively impact SCE's earnings and cash flows. In addition, the CPUC retrospectively reviews outages associated with utility-owned generation and SCE's power procurement contract administration activities through the annual ERRA review proceeding. A CPUC finding that SCE was unreasonable or imprudent with respect to its utility-owned generation outages and contract administration activities, could negatively impact SCE's earnings and cash flows.

FERC

Transmission capital and operating costs that are prudently incurred, including a return on its net investment in transmission assets (also referred to as "rate base"), are recovered through revenue authorized by the FERC. Since 2012, SCE has used a formula rate to determine SCE's FERC transmission revenue requirement, including its construction work in progress (CWIP) revenue requirement. Under operation of the formula rate, transmission revenue will be updated to actual cost of 

141

service annually. The transmission revenue requirement and rates are updated each December, to reflect a forecast of costs for the upcoming rate period, as well as a true up of the transmission revenue to actual costs incurred by SCE in the prior calendar year on its formula rate. 

The FERC weighted average ROE, including project and other incentives, for the FERC 2019 Settlement Period is 10.3%. For further information on the FERC formula rates, related transmission revenue requirements and rate changes, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Regulatory Proceedings—2019 FERC Formula Rate" in the MD&A.

Retail Rates Structure and Residential Rate Design

To develop retail rates, the authorized revenue requirements are allocated among all customer classes (residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural and street lighting) on a functional basis (i.e., generation, distribution, transmission, etc.). Specific rate components are designed to recover the authorized revenue allocated to each customer class. 

SCE has a two-tier residential rate structure with a separate High Usage Charge ("HUC") for customers consuming more than 400% of an established level of usage that is based on a portion of average usage. The first tier is priced at below-average cost and is intended to cover the customer's essential electricity needs. The second tier is priced at 25% more than the first tier, and the HUC rate is ordinarily set at 75% more than the second tier. In response to Governor Newsom’s Executive Order N-33-20 directing Californians to follow state health directives to stay home, however, the CPUC ordered SCE, starting in June 2020, to temporarily reduce the HUC rate such that is set at 25% more than the second tier. This temporary adjustment to the HUC rate will stay in effect until SCE receives a letter from the CPUC’s Executive Director instructing it to return the HUC rate to its original level. There is an ongoing proceeding before the CPUC in which modification and/or elimination of the HUC is being considered. The CPUC has ordered a transition from tiered to t
ime-of-use
 rates for most residential customers unless they opt to stay on the tiered rate structure. SCE started that transition in the fourth quarter of 2020 and anticipates completing the transition in the first quarter of 2022. To recover a portion of the fixed costs of serving no- or low-usage residential customers, SCE assesses both fixed charges of less than $1 per month, and a minimum charge of $10 per month ($5 for low-income customers). For information on residential rates for customers with renewable generation systems, see "—Competition" below.

Purchased Power and Fuel Supply

SCE obtains the power, energy, and local grid support needed to serve its customers primarily from purchases from external parties. Approximately 17% of the needed power in 2020 was provided by SCE's own generating facilities.

Natural Gas Supply

SCE requires natural gas to meet contractual obligations for power tolling agreements (power contracts in which SCE has agreed to provide or pay for the natural gas used to generate electricity). SCE also requires natural gas to fuel its Mountainview and peaker plants, which are generation units that operate in response to wholesale market signals related to power prices and reliability needs. The physical natural gas purchased by SCE is sourced in competitive interstate markets and at the "citygate" trading point on the SoCalGas local distribution company system. SoCalGas is the primary provider of intrastate pipeline transportation service to the gas-fueled generation stations that SCE controls. In 2015 – 2016, SoCalGas experienced a significant natural gas fuel leak at its Aliso Canyon underground gas storage facility. As a result, there continue to be limitations on the use and capability of the facility, and the current available inventory at the Aliso Canyon facility is limited to 50% of maximum capacity. To date, SCE has found that increased gas storage-use restrictions combined with SoCalGas pipeline maintenance constraints increased the cost of electricity for customers but did not impact grid reliability. However, there is no certainty that these restrictions or pipeline constraints will not impact grid reliability in the future. Price increases faced by customers would not affect SCE's earnings because SCE expects recovery of these costs through the ERRA balancing account or other CPUC approved procurement plans. However, these higher prices may impact cash flow due to the timing of those recoveries. For more information on cost-recovery mechanisms, see "—Overview of Ratemaking Process" above. SCE is actively monitoring legislative and regulatory processes that are addressing pipeline and electric grid operations impacted by the Aliso Canyon leak, including an Order Instituting Investigation issued by the CPUC in February 2017 to consider the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating the use of the Aliso Canyon facility. SCE has also made additional procurement efforts to alleviate the impact of the partial closure of Aliso Canyon, including accelerating existing contracts for new capacity, procuring energy storage from third-parties, contracting for design, build, and transfer of utility-owned storage, procuring additional demand response, contracting for firm gas transportation capacity and procuring additional energy efficiency.

142

CAISO Wholesale Energy Market

The CAISO operates a wholesale energy market primarily in California through which competing electricity generators offer their electricity output to market participants, including electricity retailers. The CAISO schedules power in hourly increments with hourly prices through a day-ahead market in California and schedules power in fifteen-minute and five-minute increments with fifteen-minute and five-minute prices through two real-time markets that cover California and portions of six neighboring states through the Energy Imbalance Market. Both markets optimize energy procurement, ancillary service procurement, unit commitment and congestion management. SCE participates in the day-ahead and real-time markets for the sale of its own generation and generation under contract purchases for its load requirements. 

The CPUC's Resource Adequacy program imposes resource adequacy requirements on load-serving entities like SCE that are designed to provide sufficient resources to the CAISO to ensure the safe and reliable operation of the grid in real time. The CPUC has adopted a central procurement structure in SCE’s distribution service area for local resource adequacy that transfers the responsibility for procuring local resource adequacy from other local load-serving entities to SCE, as a central procurement entity (“CPE”) for its distribution service area, starting with the 2023 resource adequacy compliance year. Under this structure, while SCE will procure local resource adequacy to meet the local resource adequacy requirement for its distribution service area, other load-serving entities can also procure their own local resources. Load-serving entities that procure their own local resources can: (i) sell the capacity to SCE, (ii) utilize the resources, or (iii) voluntarily show the resources to meet their own needs, thereby reducing the amount of local resource adequacy the CPE will need to procure and reducing the total CPE procurement costs shared by all load-serving entities in that distribution service area.

Following rotating outages in August 2020 that impacted a significant number of SCE's customers, the CPUC opened an emergency rulemaking proceeding to take action towards ensuring reliable electric service in the event that an extreme heat event occurs in the summer of 2021. In February 2021, the CPUC issued a final decision directing the investor-owned utilities to seek contracts for capacity to serve demand in the summer of 2021. As required by the decision, SCE has submitted contracts to purchase additional capacity in the summer of 2021 for CPUC approval. The CPUC is also considering other options to enhance reliability for summer 2021, including proposals related to the demand for electricity during extreme heat events. In addition, the CAISO is also taking actions to help ensure reliability in the summer of 2021.

Competition

SCE faces retail competition in the sale of electricity to the extent that federal and California laws permit other sources to provide electricity and related services to retail customers within SCE's service area. While retail competition impacts customer rates it does not generally impact SCE's earnings activities. The increased retail competition is from

governmental entities formed by cities, counties, and certain other public agencies to generate and/or purchase electricity for their local residents and businesses, known as CCAs. While California law provides only limited opportunities for customers in SCE's service area to choose to purchase power directly from an Electric Service Provider, a limited, phased-in expansion of customer choice ("Direct Access") for nonresidential customers was authorized beginning in 2009, and an additional limited expansion of Direct Access was authorized in 2018. When a customer who previously took bundled service from SCE converts to taking retail electricity service from an Electric Service Provider or a CCA, SCE remains that customer's transmission and distribution provider. Other forms of departing load include customer generation, and load that departs SCE service entirely to take electricity service from a publicly owned utility or a tribal utility.

California law requires bundled service customers remain financially indifferent to departing load customers and to the mass return of departing load customers in the event of an Electric Service Provider or CCA's failure or other service termination. The CPUC is conducting a rulemaking proceeding to review and revise the PCIA methodology, which determines the charges that are applied to departing load customers (including those who take service from CCAs) and is intended to maintain bundled service customer indifference to departing load for costs of previously authorized procurement resources. In October 2018, the CPUC issued a final decision revising the PCIA methodology in a manner that effectively addressed the cost shifts to remaining bundled service customers. In October 2019, the CPUC issued a final decision implementing a PCIA true-up process to ensure that remaining bundled service and departing load customers are treated equitably. In August 2020, the CPUC issued a final decision implementing a process that will voluntarily allow Direct Access customers and CCAs on behalf of their retail customers to negotiate with SCE to pre-pay their full PCIA obligation. The CPUC is expected to provide guidance on utility portfolio optimization to account for departing load in 2021.

In February 2018, the CPUC issued a resolution to address cost shifting to bundled service customers associated with utilities' short-term resource adequacy purchases for CCAs in their launch or expansion year. The Resolution requires new and expanding CCAs to submit implementation plans by January 1 in order to serve customers in the following year and also requires new and expanding CCAs to participate in the CPUC's year-ahead resource adequacy program prior to beginning service. In May 2018, the CPUC issued a final decision to adopt a financial security requirement for CCAs, which is intended 

143

to cover the re-entry fees imposed on CCA customers for incremental procurement and administrative costs if they are involuntarily returned 
en masse 
to the utility's procurement service. In October 2020, the CPUC authorized SCE and other investor-owned utilities to implement this decision in its tariffs.

As of year-end 2020, SCE had ten CCAs serving customers in its service territory that represented approximately 25% of SCE's total service load. Four new CCAs implemented and one CCA expanded in SCE's service territory in 2020. Four new or expanded CCAs have been approved by the CPUC to serve customers in 2021. Based on recent load statistics, SCE anticipates that Direct Access and CCA load will be approximately 40% of its total service load by the end of 2021.

Customer-owned power generation and storage alternatives, such as roof-top solar facilities and battery systems, are increasingly used by SCE's customers as a result of technological developments, federal and state subsidies, and declining costs of such alternatives. Beginning in 2020, and subject to certain exceptions, all newly built homes in California are required to be solar-powered.

California legislation passed in 1995 encouraged private residential and commercial investment in renewable energy resources by requiring SCE and other investor-owned utilities to offer a NEM billing option to customers who install eligible power generation systems to supply all or part of their energy needs. NEM customers are interconnected to SCE's grid and credited for the net difference between the electricity SCE supplied to them through the grid and the electricity the customer exported to SCE over a 12-month period. SCE is required to credit the NEM customer for most of the power they sell back to SCE at the retail rate. Through the credit they receive, NEM customers effectively avoid paying certain grid-related costs. NEM customers are also exempted from some non-bypassable, standby and departing load charges and interconnection fees. Electric Service Providers and CCAs are not required by law to offer NEM rates.

In January 2016, the CPUC issued a decision implementing Assembly Bill 327 ("AB 327"), a rate reform bill enacted in 2013 that instructed the CPUC to develop new standard rates for customers with renewable generation systems. The changes that the CPUC decision made to the existing NEM tariff do not significantly impact the NEM subsidy. Specifically, the decision requires customers that take service on SCE's NEM tariff after June 2017 to continue to be compensated at the retail rate, minus certain non-bypassable charges. NEM customers also continue to be exempted from standby and departing load charges but are required to pay a $75 interconnection fee and to select a time-of-use retail rate. In August 2020, the CPUC initiated a rulemaking to develop a successor to the NEM tariffs the CPUC created in its January 2016 decision implementing AB 327. The CPUC expects to issue its decision in the proceeding in 2021.

The effect of these types of competition on SCE generally is to reduce the amount of electricity purchased from SCE by retail customers. Customers who use alternative electricity sources typically continue to utilize and pay for SCE's transmission and distribution services, however, NEM customers utilize, but do not pay the full cost for, those services. While changes in volume or rates generally do not impact SCE's earnings activities, decreased retail electricity sales by SCE has the effect of increasing utility rates because the costs of the distribution grid are not currently borne by all customers that benefit from its use. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Southern California Edison Company—Competitive and Market Risks."

In the area of transmission infrastructure, SCE has experienced increased competition from independent transmission providers under the FERC's transmission planning requirements rules, effective in 2011, that removed the incumbent public utility transmission owners' federally-based right of first refusal to construct certain new transmission facilities and mandated regional and interregional transmission planning. Regional entities, such as independent system operators, have processes for regional and interregional transmission planning and the competitive solicitation and selection of developers (including incumbent utilities) to build and own certain types of new transmission projects. The CAISO has held competitive solicitations pursuant to these rules and independent service providers were selected.