Risks Relating to Edison International

Edison International may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends
on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to Edison
International.

Edison International is a holding company and, as such, Edison International has no operations of its own.
Edison International's ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock at
the current rate is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability
to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to Edison International. Prior to funding Edison International,
Edison International's subsidiaries have financial and regulatory obligations that must be satisfied,
including among others, debt service and preferred stock dividends.

Edison International's cash flows and earnings could be adversely affected by tax developments relating to
Edison Capital's lease transactions.

Edison Capital entered into certain types of lease transactions which have been challenged by the Internal
Revenue Service. If Edison International is not successful in its defense of the tax treatment of those
transactions, the payment of taxes could have a significant impact on cash flows. Also, the adoption of
changes in accounting policies relating to the accounting for leases could cause a material effect on reported
earnings by requiring Edison International to reverse earnings previously recognized as a current period
adjustment and to report these earnings over the remaining life of the leases. More information regarding
the lease transactions is contained in the MD&A under the heading "Other Developments--Federal Income Taxes."

Edison International and its subsidiaries are subject to costs and other effects of legal proceedings as well
as changes in or additions to applicable tax laws, rates or policies, rates of inflation, and accounting
standards.

Edison International and its subsidiaries are subject to costs and other effects of legal and administrative
proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims, as well as the effect of new, or changes in, tax laws,
rates or policies, rates of inflation and accounting standards.

Risks Relating to SCE

SCE's financial viability depends upon its ability to recover its costs in a timely manner from its customers
through regulated rates.

SCE is a regulated entity subject to CPUC jurisdiction in almost all aspects of its business, including the
rates, terms and conditions of its services, procurement of electricity for its customers, issuance of
securities, dispositions of utility assets and facilities and aspects of the siting and operations of its
electricity distribution systems. SCE's ongoing financial viability depends on its ability to recover from
its customers in a timely manner its costs, including the costs of electricity purchased for its customers,
in its CPUC-approved rates and its ability to pass through to its customers in rates its FERC-authorized
revenue requirements. SCE's financial viability also depends on its ability to recover in rates an adequate
return on capital, including long-term debt and equity. If SCE is unable to recover any material amount of
its costs in rates in a timely manner or recover an adequate return on capital, its financial condition and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Page 35

SCE's revenues and earnings are substantially affected by regulatory proceedings known as general rate cases
and cost of capital proceedings. General rate cases are expected to occur every three years. During those
cases, the CPUC determines SCE's rate base (the value of assets on which SCE earns a rate of return for
investors), depreciation rates, operation and maintenance costs, and administrative and general costs that
SCE may recover from its customers through its rates. Cost of capital proceedings are conducted annually.
During those cases, the CPUC authorizes SCE's capital structure and the return on common equity applicable to
the rate base determined in the general rate case proceedings. More information about these proceedings is
set forth in the MD&A under the heading "SCE: Regulatory Matters."

SCE's energy procurement activities are subject to regulatory and market risks that could adversely affect
its financial condition, liquidity, and earnings.

SCE obtains energy, capacity, and ancillary services needed to serve its customers from its own generating
plants and contracts with energy producers and sellers. California law and CPUC decisions allow SCE to
recover in customer rates reasonable procurement costs incurred in compliance with an approved procurement
plan. Nonetheless, SCE's cash flows remain subject to volatility resulting from its procurement activities.
In addition, SCE is subject to the risks of unfavorable or untimely CPUC decisions about the compliance of
procurement activities with its procurement plan and the reasonableness of certain procurement-related costs.

Many of SCE's power purchase contracts are tied to market prices for natural gas. Some of its contracts also
are subject to volatility in market prices for electricity. SCE seeks to hedge its market price exposure to
the extent authorized by the CPUC. SCE may not be able to hedge its risk for commodities on favorable terms
or fully recover the costs of hedges in rates, which could adversely affect SCE's liquidity and results of
operation.

In its power purchase contracts and other procurement arrangements, SCE is exposed to risks from changes in
the credit quality of its counterparties. If a counterparty were to default on its obligations, SCE could be
exposed to potentially volatile spot markets for buying replacement power or selling excess power.

SCE relies on access to the capital markets. If SCE were unable to access capital markets or the cost of
capital were to substantially increase, its liquidity and operations could be adversely affected.

SCE's ability to make scheduled payments of principal and interest, refinance debt, and fund its operations
and planned capital expenditure projects depends on its cash flow and access to the capital markets. SCE's
ability to arrange financing and the costs of such capital are dependent on numerous factors, including its
levels of indebtedness, maintenance of acceptable credit ratings, its financial performance, liquidity and
cash flow, and other market conditions. Market conditions which could adversely affect SCE's financing costs
and availability include:

o an economic downturn;
o capital market conditions generally;
o market prices for electricity or gas;
o changes in interest rates and rates of inflation;
o terrorist attacks or the threat of terrorist attacks on SCE's facilities or unrelated energy
 companies; and

Page 36

o the overall health of the utility industry.

SCE may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. The failure to obtain
additional capital from time to time may have a material adverse effect on SCE's liquidity and operations.

SCE is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations with respect to operation of its facilities.
New laws and regulations could adversely affect SCE.

The operation of SCE's power generation, transmission, and distribution facilities is subject to numerous
environmental laws and regulations. Those laws and regulations require SCE to expend substantial sums to
mitigate or remove the effect of its operations on the environment and can impede the development of new
facilities. Violations of environmental laws and regulations can result in fines, penalties and liability to
third parties. In addition, new environmental laws, regulations and standards may be adopted that would
impose substantial costs on SCE or impair its future operations. Environmental advocacy groups and regulatory
agencies have been focusing considerable attention on carbon dioxide emissions and the effect of those
emissions on global warming. The adoption of new laws and regulations to control carbon dioxide or other
emissions could adversely affect the operation of SCE's generating plants and other facilities and result in
additional costs that could adversely affect SCE's results of operations.

SCE is subject to extensive regulation and the risk of adverse regulatory decisions and changes in applicable
regulations or legislation.

SCE operates in a highly regulated environment. SCE's business is subject to extensive federal, state and
local energy, environmental and other laws and regulations. The CPUC regulates SCE's retail operations, and
the FERC regulates SCE's wholesale operations. The United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission regulates
SCE's nuclear power plants. The construction, planning, and siting of SCE's power plants in California are
also subject to the jurisdiction of the California Energy Commission and the CPUC. Additional regulatory
authorities with jurisdiction over some of SCE's operations include the California Air Resources Board, the
California State Water Resources Control Board, the California Department of Toxic Substances Control, the
California Coastal Commission, the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the United States
Department of Energy, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and various local regulatory districts.

SCE must periodically apply for licenses and permits from these various regulatory authorities and abide by
their respective orders. Should SCE be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits or should
these regulatory authorities initiate any investigations or enforcement actions or impose penalties or
disallowances on SCE, SCE's business could be adversely affected. Existing regulations may be revised or
reinterpreted and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to SCE or SCE's facilities in
a manner that may have a detrimental effect on SCE's business or result in significant additional costs
because of SCE's need to comply with those requirements.

There are inherent risks associated with operating nuclear power generating facilities.

Spent fuel storage capacity could be insufficient to permit long-term operation of SCE's nuclear plants.

SCE operates and is majority owner of the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station and is part owner of the Palo
Verde Nuclear Generating Station. The United States Department of Energy has defaulted on its obligation to
begin accepting spent nuclear fuel from commercial nuclear industry participants by

Page 37

January 31, 1998. If SCE or the operator of the Palo Verde plant were unable to arrange and maintain
sufficient capacity for interim spent-fuel storage now or in the future, it could hinder operation of the
plants and impair the value of SCE's ownership interests until storage could be obtained, each of which may
have a material adverse effect on SCE.

Existing insurance and ratemaking arrangements may not protect SCE fully against losses from a nuclear
incident.

Federal law limits public liability from a nuclear incident to $10.8 billion. SCE and other owners of the San
Onofre and Palo Verde nuclear generating stations have purchased the maximum private primary insurance
available of $300 million per site. If the public liability limit is insufficient, federal regulations may
impose further revenue-raising measures to pay claims, including a possible additional assessment on all
licensed reactor operators. In the event of such an under-insured nuclear incident, a tension could exist
between the federal government's attempt to impose revenue-raising measures upon SCE and the CPUC's
willingness to allow SCE to pass this liability along to its customers, resulting in undercollection of SCE's
costs.

SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if it is unable to
successfully manage the risks inherent in operating its facilities.

SCE owns and operates extensive electricity facilities that are interconnected to the United States western
electricity grid. The operation of SCE's facilities and the facilities of third parties on which it relies
involves numerous risks, including:

o operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements;

o imposition of operational performance standards by agencies with regulatory oversight of SCE's
 facilities;

o environmental and personal injury liabilities caused by the operation of SCE's facilities;

o interruptions in fuel supply;

o blackouts;

o employee work force factors, including strikes, work stoppages or labor disputes;

o weather, storms, earthquakes, fires, floods or other natural disasters;

o acts of terrorism; and

o explosions, accidents, mechanical breakdowns and other events that affect demand, result in power
 outages, reduce generating output or cause damage to SCE's assets or operations or those of third parties
 on which it relies.

The occurrence of any of these events could result in lower revenues or increased expenses, or both, which
may not be fully recovered through insurance, rates or other means in a timely manner or at all.

SCE's insurance coverage may not be sufficient under all circumstances and SCE may not be able to obtain
sufficient insurance.

SCE's insurance may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or
liabilities to which it may be subject. A loss for which SCE is not fully insured could materially and
adversely affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations. Further, due to rising insurance costs
and changes in the insurance markets, insurance coverage may not continue to be available at all or at rates
or on terms similar to those presently available to SCE.

Page 38

Risks Relating to MEHC

MEHC depends upon cash flows from EME to service its debt.

MEHC's principal asset is the common stock of EME. In July 2001, MEHC issued $800 million of 13.50% senior
secured notes due 2008. The senior secured notes are secured by a first priority security interest in EME's
common stock. Any foreclosure on the pledge of EME's common stock by the holders of the senior secured notes
would result in a change in control of EME, which could have a material adverse effect on MEHC. Dividends
from EME are limited based on its earnings and cash flow, the terms of restrictions contained in EME's
corporate credit facility, business and tax considerations and restrictions imposed by applicable law. See
"MEHC: Liquidity--Dividend Restrictions in Major Financings" in the MD&A.

EME has substantial interests in merchant energy power plants which are subject to market risks related to
wholesale energy prices.

EME's merchant energy power plants do not have long-term power purchase agreements. Because the output of
these power plants is not committed to be sold under long-term contracts, these projects are subject to
market forces which determine the amount and price of energy, capacity and ancillary services sold from the
power plants.

The factors that influence the market prices for energy, capacity and ancillary services include:

o prevailing market prices for coal, natural gas and fuel oil, emission allowances and associated
 transportation costs;

o the extent of additional supplies of capacity, energy and ancillary services from current competitors
 or new market entrants, including the development of new generation facilities or technologies that may
 be able to produce electricity at a lower cost than EME's generating facilities and/or increased access
 by competitors to EME's markets as a result of transmission upgrades;

o transmission congestion in and to each market area and the resulting differences in prices between
 delivery points;

o the market structure rules established for each market area and regulatory developments affecting the
 market areas, including any price limitations and other mechanisms adopted to address volatility or
 illiquidity in these markets or the physical stability of the system;

o the cost and availability of emission credits or allowances;

o the availability, reliability and operation of competing power generation facilities, including
 nuclear generating plants where applicable, and the extended operation of such facilities beyond their
 presently expected dates of decommissioning;

o weather conditions prevailing in surrounding areas from time to time; and

o changes in the demand for electricity or in patterns of electricity usage as a result of factors such
 as regional economic conditions and the implementation of conservation programs.

In addition, unlike most other commodities, electric power can only be stored on a very limited basis and
generally must be produced concurrently with its use. As a result, the wholesale power markets are subject to
significant and unpredictable price fluctuations over relatively short periods of time.

There is no assurance that EME's merchant energy power plants will be successful in selling power into their
markets or that the prices received for their power will generate positive cash flows. If EME's

Page 39

merchant energy power plants do not meet these objectives, they may not be able to generate enough cash to
service their own debt and lease obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on EME.

EME's financial results can be affected by changes in fuel prices, fuel transportation cost increases, and
interruptions in fuel supply.

EME's business is subject to changes in fuel costs, which may negatively affect its financial results and
financial position by increasing the cost of producing power. The fuel markets can be volatile, and actual
fuel prices can differ from EME's expectations.

Although EME attempts to purchase fuel based on its known fuel requirements, it is still subject to the risks
of supply interruptions, transportation cost increases, and fuel price volatility. In addition, fuel
deliveries may not exactly match energy sales, due in part to the need to purchase fuel inventories in
advance for reliability and dispatch requirements. The price at which EME can sell its energy may not rise or
fall at the same rate as a corresponding rise or fall in fuel costs.

EME may not be able to hedge market risks effectively.

EME is exposed to market risks through its ownership and operation of merchant energy power plants and
through its power marketing business. These market risks include, among others, volatility arising from the
timing differences associated with buying fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy to a buyer.
EME uses forward contracts and derivative financial instruments, such as futures contracts and options, to
manage market risks and exposure to fluctuating electricity and fuel prices. These activities, although
intended to mitigate EME's exposure, expose EME to other risks.

The effectiveness of EME's hedging activities may depend on the amount of working capital available to post
as collateral in support of these transactions, either in support of performance guarantees or as a cash
margin. The amount of credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the
price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. Significant movements in
market prices can result in a requirement to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large
amounts. Without adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, EME could be exposed to the
following:

o a reduction in the number of counterparties willing to enter into bilateral contracts, which would
 result in increased reliance on short-term and spot markets instead of bilateral contracts, increasing
 EME's exposure to market volatility; and

o a failure to meet a margining requirement, which could permit the counterparty to terminate the
 related bilateral contract early and demand immediate payment for the replacement value of the contract.

As a result of these and other factors, EME cannot predict with precision the effect that risk management
decisions may have on its businesses, operating results or financial position.

EME is exposed to credit and performance risk from third parties under supply and transportation contracts.

EME relies on contracts for the supply and transportation of fuel and other services required for the
operation of its generation facilities. EME's operations are exposed to the risk that counterparties will not
perform their obligations. If a counterparty failed to perform under a contract, EME would need to obtain

Page 40

alternate suppliers for theist requirements of fuel or other services, which could result in higher costs or
disruptions in its operations. Furthermore, EME is exposed to credit risk because damages related to a breach
of contract may not be recoverable. Accordingly, the failure of a supplier to fulfill its contractual
obligations could have a material adverse effect on EME's financial results.

EME is subject to extensive energy industry regulation.

EME's operations are subject to extensive regulation by governmental agencies. EME's projects are subject to
federal laws and regulations that govern, among other things, transactions by and with purchasers of power,
including utility companies, the development and construction of generation facilities, the ownership and
operations of generation facilities, and access to transmission. Under limited circumstances where exclusive
federal jurisdiction is not applicable or specific exemptions or waivers from state or federal laws or
regulations are otherwise unavailable, federal and/or state utility regulatory commissions may have broad
jurisdiction over non-utility owned electric power plants. Generation facilities are also subject to federal,
state and local laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the geographical location, zoning, land
use and operation of a project.

There is no assurance that the introduction of new laws or other future regulatory developments will not have
a material adverse effect on EME's business, results of operations or financial condition, nor is there any
assurance that EME or its subsidiaries will be able to obtain and comply with all necessary licenses, permits
and approvals for its projects. If projects cannot comply with all applicable regulations, EME's business,
results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

EME is subject to extensive environmental regulation and permitting requirements that may involve significant
and increasing costs.

EME's operations are subject to extensive environmental regulation. EME is required to obtain and comply with
conditions established by licenses, permits and other approvals in order to construct, operate or modify its
facilities. Failure to comply with these requirements could subject EME to civil or criminal liability, the
imposition of liens or fines, or actions by regulatory agencies seeking to curtail EME's operations. EME may
also be exposed to risks arising from past, current or future contamination at its former or existing
facilities or with respect to off-site waste disposal sites that have been used in its operations.

EME devotes significant resources to environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment and emission
allowances to comply with environmental regulatory requirements. EME believes that it is in substantial
compliance with environmental regulatory requirements and that maintaining compliance with current
requirements will not materially affect its financial position or results of operations. However, the current
trend is toward more stringent standards, stricter regulation, and more expansive application of
environmental regulations. Future environmental laws and regulations, and future enforcement proceedings that
may be taken by environmental authorities, could affect the costs and the manner in which EME conducts its
business and could cause it to make substantial additional capital expenditures. There is no assurance that
EME would be able to recover these increased costs from its customers or that its business, financial
position and results of operations would not be materially adversely affected.

Environmental advocacy groups and regulatory agencies in the United States have been focusing considerable
attention on carbon dioxide emissions from coal-fired power plants and their potential role in climate
change. The adoption of laws and regulations to implement carbon dioxide controls could adversely affect
EME's coal-fired plants. Also, coal plant emissions of nitrogen oxides and sulfur

Page 41

dioxides, mercury and particulates are subject to increased controls and mitigation expenses. Additionally,
certain of the states in which EME operates are contemplating air pollution control regulations that are more
stringent than existing and proposed federal regulations. Changing environmental regulations could require
EME to purchase additional emission allowances or install additional pollution control technology, and could
make some units uneconomical to maintain or operate. If EME cannot comply with all applicable regulations, it
could be required to retire or suspend operations at its facilities, or restrict or modify operations of its
facilities, and its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

Typically, environmental laws require a lengthy and complex process for obtaining licenses, permits and
approvals prior to construction, operation or modification of a project or generating facility. Meeting all
the necessary requirements can delay or sometimes prevent the completion of a proposed project as well as
require extensive modifications to existing projects, which may involve significant capital expenditures. EME
cannot provide assurance that it will be able to obtain and comply with all necessary licenses, permits and
approvals for its plants.

The ability of EME's largest subsidiary, Midwest Generation, LLC, to make distributions is restricted.

Midwest Generation, which owns or leases the Illinois Plants, has entered into financing documents that
contain restrictions on its ability to pay dividends. See "MEHC: Liquidity--Liquidity and Capital Resources"
in the MD&A.

EME is the guarantor of the Powerton and Joliet leases and is obligated under intercompany notes to make debt
service payments to Midwest Generation. Each intercompany note is a general corporate obligation of EME and
payments on it are made from distributions from subsidiaries and other sources of cash received by EME.
Accordingly, EME must continue to make payments under the intercompany notes regardless of whether or not
Midwest Generation makes distributions to EME. If EME were not able to satisfy its obligations under the
intercompany notes, it would result in a default under the financing documents of EME and Midwest Generation.
This could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and cash flow of EME.

EME and its subsidiaries have a substantial amount of indebtedness, including long-term lease obligations.

As of December 31, 2005, consolidated debt of EME was $3.4 billion. In addition, EME's subsidiaries have
$4.6 billion of long-term power plant lease obligations that are due over a period ranging up to 29 years. The
substantial amount of consolidated debt and financial obligations presents the risk that EME and its
subsidiaries might not have sufficient cash to service their indebtedness or long-term lease obligations and
that the existing corporate debt, project debt and lease obligations could limit the ability of EME and its
subsidiaries to grow their business, to compete effectively or to operate successfully under adverse economic
conditions. If EME's or a subsidiary's cash flows and capital resources were insufficient to allow it to make
scheduled payments on its debt, EME or its subsidiaries might have to reduce or delay capital expenditures,
sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance the debt. The terms of EME's or its
subsidiaries' debt may not allow these alternative measures, the debt or equity may not be available on
acceptable terms, and these alternative measures may not satisfy all scheduled debt service obligations.

Page 42

Competition could adversely affect EME's business.

The independent power industry is characterized by numerous capable competitors, some of whom may have more
extensive operating experience in the acquisition and development of power projects, larger staffs, and
greater financial resources than EME does. Further, in recent years some power markets have been
characterized by strong and increasing competition as a result of regulatory changes and other factors which
can contribute to a reduction in market prices for power from time to time. These regulatory and other
changes may increase competitive pressures in the markets in which EME operates.

Newer plants owned by EME's competitors are often more efficient than EME's facilities. This may put some of
EME's facilities at a competitive disadvantage to the extent that its competitors are able to produce more
power from each increment of fuel than EME's facilities are capable of producing.

Several participants in the wholesale markets, including many regulated utilities, have a lower cost of
capital than most merchant generators and often are able to recover fixed costs through rate base mechanisms,
allowing them to build, buy and upgrade generation assets without relying exclusively on market clearing
prices to recover their investments. This could affect EME's ability to compete effectively in the markets in
which those entities operate.

Restrictions in EME's certificate of incorporation, its credit facilities and the MEHC financing documents
limit the ability of EME and its subsidiaries to enter into specified transactions that they otherwise may
enter into and may significantly impede their ability to refinance their debt.

The financing documents entered into by MEHC contain financial and investment covenants restricting EME and
its subsidiaries. EME's certificate of incorporation binds it to the provisions in MEHC's financing documents
by restricting EME's ability to enter into specified transactions and engage in specified business activities
without shareholder approval. The instruments governing EME's indebtedness also contain financial and
investment covenants. Restrictions contained in these documents could affect, and in some cases significantly
limit or prohibit, EME and its subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur, refinance, and prepay
debt, make capital expenditures, pay dividends and make other distributions, make investments, create liens,
sell assets, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, issue equity interests, enter into transactions with
affiliates, create restrictions on the ability to pay dividends or make other distributions and engage in
mergers and consolidations. These restrictions may significantly impede the ability of EME and its
subsidiaries to take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, to grow their business and compete
effectively, or to develop and implement any refinancing plans in respect of their indebtedness. See "--EME
and its subsidiaries have a substantial amount of indebtedness, including long-term lease obligations," for
further discussion.

In addition, in connection with the entry into new financings or amendments to existing financing
arrangements, EME's and its subsidiaries' financial and operational flexibility may be further reduced as a
result of more restrictive covenants, requirements for security and other terms that are often imposed on
sub-investment grade entities.

Page 43

EME's projects may be affected by general operating risks and hazards customary in the power generation
industry. EME may not have adequate insurance to cover all these hazards.

The operation of power generation facilities involves many operating risks, including:

o performance below expected levels of output or efficiency;

o interruptions in fuel supply;

o disruptions in the transmission of electricity;

o curtailment of operations due to transmission constraints;

o breakdown or failure of equipment or processes;

o imposition of new regulatory, permitting, or environmental requirements, or violations of existing
 requirements;

o employee work force factors, including strikes, work stoppages or labor disputes;

o operator error; and

o catastrophic events such as terrorist activities, fires, tornadoes, earthquakes, explosions, floods or
 other similar occurrences affecting power generation facilities or the transmission and distribution
 infrastructure over which power is transported.

These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and
destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of or damage to the environment, and suspension
of operations. The occurrence of one or more of the events listed above could decrease or eliminate revenues
generated by EME's projects or significantly increase the costs of operating them, and could also result in
EME's being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, potentially including
environmental cleanup costs, personal injury, property damage, fines and penalties. Equipment and plant
warranties and insurance may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances to cover lost revenues or
increased expenses. A decrease or elimination in revenues generated by the facilities or an increase in the
costs of operating them could decrease or eliminate funds available to meet EME's obligations as they become
due and could have a material adverse effect on EME. A default under a financing obligation of a project
entity could result in a loss of EME's interest in the project.

EME's future acquisitions and development projects may not be successful.

EME's long-term strategy includes the development and acquisition of electric power generation facilities.
The development of a power project may require EME to expend significant amounts for preliminary engineering,
permitting, legal and other expenses before EME can determine whether it will win a competitive bid, or
whether a project is feasible, economically attractive or financeable. EME may not be successful in obtaining
financing for its projects and may not be able to obtain sufficient equity capital, project cash flow, or
additional borrowings to enable it to fund equity commitments for future projects.

In addition to the competition already existing in the markets in which EME presently operates or may
consider operating in the future, EME is likely to encounter significant competition for acquisition
opportunities that may become available as a result of the consolidation of the power industry, in general,
as well as the passage of the EPAct 2005. EME may be unable to identify attractive acquisition or development
opportunities and/or to complete and integrate them on a successful and timely basis.

Page 44