Risks Relating to E
dison International 

Edison International may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay
dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to Edison International. 

Edison
International is a holding company and, as such, Edison International has no operations of its own. Edison International’s ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock at the current rate is primarily
dependent on the earnings and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their 

34 

Table of Contents

ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to Edison International. Prior to funding Edison International, Edison International’s subsidiaries
have financial and regulatory obligations that must be satisfied, including, among others, debt service and preferred stock dividends. 

Edison
International’s cash flows and earnings could be adversely affected by tax developments relating to Edison Capital’s lease transactions. 

Edison Capital entered into certain types of lease transactions which have been challenged by the Internal Revenue Service. If Edison International is not successful in its defense of the tax treatment of those transactions, the payment of
taxes could have a significant impact on cash flows. Also, the adoption of changes in accounting policies relating to the accounting for leases could cause a material effect on reported earnings by requiring Edison International to reverse earnings
previously recognized as a current period adjustment and to report these earnings over the remaining life of the leases. More information regarding the lease transactions is contained in the MD&A under the heading “Other
Developments—Federal Income Taxes.” 

Edison International and its subsidiaries are subject to costs and other effects of legal proceedings
as well as changes in or additions to applicable tax laws, rates or policies, rates of inflation, and accounting standards. 

Edison International
and its subsidiaries are subject to costs and other effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims, as well as the effect of new, or changes in, tax laws, rates or policies, rates of inflation and accounting
standards. 

Risks Relating to SCE 

SCE’s financial viability depends upon its ability to recover its costs in a timely manner
from its customers through regulated rates. 

SCE is a regulated entity subject to CPUC jurisdiction in almost all aspects of its business,
including the rates, terms and conditions of its services, procurement of electricity for its customers, issuance of securities, dispositions of utility assets and facilities and aspects of the siting and operations of its electricity distribution
systems. SCE’s ongoing financial viability depends on its ability to recover from its customers in a timely manner its costs, including the costs of electricity purchased for its customers, in its CPUC-approved rates and its ability to pass
through to its customers in rates its FERC-authorized revenue requirements. SCE’s financial viability also depends on its ability to recover in rates an adequate return on capital, including long-term debt and equity. If SCE is unable to
recover any material amount of its costs in rates in a timely manner or recover an adequate return on capital, its financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

SCE’s revenues and earnings are substantially affected by regulatory proceedings known as general rate cases and cost of capital proceedings. General rate cases are
expected to occur every three years. During those cases, the CPUC determines SCE’s rate base (the value of assets on which SCE earns a rate of return for investors), depreciation rates, operation and maintenance costs, and administrative and
general costs that SCE may recover from its customers through its rates. Cost of capital proceedings are conducted annually. During those cases, the CPUC authorizes SCE’s capital structure and the return on 

35 

Table of Contents

common equity applicable to the rate base determined in the general rate case proceedings. More information about these proceedings is set forth in the
MD&A under the heading “SCE: Regulatory Matters.” 

SCE’s energy procurement activities are subject to regulatory and market risks
that could adversely affect its financial condition, liquidity, and earnings. 

SCE obtains energy, capacity, and ancillary services needed to serve
its customers from its own generating plants and contracts with energy producers and sellers. California law and CPUC decisions allow SCE to recover in customer rates reasonable procurement costs incurred in compliance with an approved procurement
plan. Nonetheless, SCE’s cash flows remain subject to volatility resulting from its procurement activities. In addition, SCE is subject to the risks of unfavorable or untimely CPUC decisions about the compliance of procurement activities with
its procurement plan and the reasonableness of certain procurement-related costs. 

Many of SCE’s power purchase contracts are tied to market prices
for natural gas. Some of its contracts also are subject to volatility in market prices for electricity. SCE seeks to hedge its market price exposure to the extent authorized by the CPUC. SCE may not be able to hedge its risk for commodities on
favorable terms or fully recover the costs of hedges in rates, which could adversely affect SCE’s liquidity and results of operation. 

In its power
purchase contracts and other procurement arrangements, SCE is exposed to risks from changes in the credit quality of its counterparties. If a counterparty were to default on its obligations, SCE could be exposed to potentially volatile spot markets
for buying replacement power or selling excess power. 

SCE relies on access to the capital markets. If SCE were unable to access capital markets or
the cost of capital were to substantially increase, its liquidity and operations could be adversely affected. 

SCE’s ability to make scheduled
payments of principal and interest, refinance debt, and fund its operations and planned capital expenditure projects depends on its cash flow and access to the capital markets. SCE’s ability to arrange financing and the costs of such capital
are dependent on numerous factors, including its levels of indebtedness, maintenance of acceptable credit ratings, its financial performance, liquidity and cash flow, and other market conditions. Market conditions which could adversely affect
SCE’s financing costs and availability include: 

•

 an economic downturn; 

•

 capital market conditions generally; 

•

 market prices for electricity or gas; 

•

 changes in interest rates and rates of inflation; 

•

 terrorist attacks or the threat of terrorist attacks on SCE’s facilities or unrelated energy companies; and 

•

 the overall health of the utility industry. 

SCE may
not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. The failure to obtain additional capital from time to time may have a material adverse effect on SCE’s liquidity and operations. 

36 

Table of Contents

SCE is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations with respect to operation of its facilities. New laws
and regulations could adversely affect SCE. 

The operation of SCE’s power generation,
transmission, and distribution facilities is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations. Those laws and regulations require SCE to expend substantial sums to mitigate or remove the effect of its operations on the environment and can
impede the development of new facilities. Violations of environmental laws and regulations can result in fines, penalties and liability to third parties. In addition, new environmental laws, regulations and standards may be adopted that would impose
substantial costs on SCE or impair its future operations. Environmental advocacy groups and regulatory agencies have been focusing considerable attention on CO
2

 emissions and the effect of those emissions on global warming. The adoption of new laws and regulations to CO
2

 or other emissions could adversely affect the operation of SCE’s generating plants and other facilities and result in additional costs that could adversely affect SCE’s results of
operations. 

SCE is subject to extensive regulation and the risk of adverse regulatory decisions and changes in applicable regulations or
legislation. 

SCE operates in a highly regulated environment. SCE’s business is subject to extensive federal, state and local energy,
environmental and other laws and regulations. The CPUC regulates SCE’s retail operations, and the FERC regulates SCE’s wholesale operations. The United States NRC regulates SCE’s nuclear power plants. The construction, planning, and
siting of SCE’s power plants and transmission lines in California are also subject to the jurisdiction of the California Energy Commission (for plants 50 MW or greater), and the CPUC. The construction, planning and siting of transmission lines
that are outside of California are subject to the regulation of the relevant state agency. Additional regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over some of SCE’s operations and construction projects include the California Air Resources Board,
the California State Water Resources Control Board, the California Department of Toxic Substances Control, the California Coastal Commission, the US EPA, the Bureau of Land Management, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services, the U.S. Forest Service,
Regional Water Quality Boards, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the United States Department of Energy, the NRC, and various local regulatory districts. 

SCE
must periodically apply for licenses and permits from these various regulatory authorities and abide by their respective orders. Should SCE be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits or should these regulatory authorities initiate
any investigations or enforcement actions or impose penalties or disallowances on SCE, SCE’s business could be adversely affected. Existing regulations may be revised or reinterpreted and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become
applicable to SCE or SCE’s facilities in a manner that may have a detrimental effect on SCE’s business or result in significant additional costs because of SCE’s need to comply with those requirements. 

There are inherent risks associated with operating nuclear power generating facilities. 

Spent fuel storage capacity could be insufficient to permit long-term operation of SCE’s nuclear plants. 

SCE
operates and is majority owner of San Onofre and is part owner of Palo Verde. The United States Department of Energy has defaulted on its obligation to begin accepting spent nuclear fuel from commercial nuclear industry participants by
January 31, 1998. If SCE or the operator of Palo Verde were unable to arrange and maintain sufficient capacity for interim spent-fuel storage now or in the future, it could hinder operation of the plants and impair the value of SCE’s
ownership interests until storage could be obtained, each of which may have a material adverse effect on SCE. 

37 

Table of Contents

Existing insurance and ratemaking arrangements may not protect SCE fully against losses from a nuclear incident.

Federal law limits public liability from a nuclear incident to $10.8 billion. SCE and other owners of the San Onofre and Palo Verde nuclear generating
stations have purchased the maximum private primary insurance available of $300 million per site. If the public liability limit is insufficient, federal regulations may impose further revenue-raising measures to pay claims, including a possible
additional assessment on all licensed reactor operators. In the event of such an under-insured nuclear incident, a tension could exist between the federal government’s attempt to impose revenue-raising measures upon SCE and the CPUC’s
willingness to allow SCE to pass this liability along to its customers, resulting in undercollection of SCE’s costs. 

SCE’s financial
condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if it is unable to successfully manage the risks inherent in operating its facilities. 

SCE owns and operates extensive electricity facilities that are interconnected to the United States western electricity grid. The operation of SCE’s facilities and the facilities of third parties on which it
relies involves numerous risks, including: 

•

 operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; 

•

 imposition of operational performance standards by agencies with regulatory oversight of SCE’s facilities; 

•

 environmental and personal injury liabilities caused by the operation of SCE’s facilities; 

•

 interruptions in fuel supply; 

•

 blackouts; 

•

 employee work force factors, including strikes, work stoppages or labor disputes; 

•

 weather, storms, earthquakes, fires, floods or other natural disasters; 

•

 acts of terrorism; and 

•

 explosions, accidents, mechanical breakdowns and other events that affect demand, result in power outages, reduce generating output or cause damage to SCE’s
assets or operations or those of third parties on which it relies. 

The occurrence of any of these events could result in lower revenues
or increased expenses, or both, which may not be fully recovered through insurance, rates or other means in a timely manner or at all. 

SCE’s
insurance coverage may not be sufficient under all circumstances and SCE may not be able to obtain sufficient insurance. 

SCE’s insurance may
not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which it may be subject. A loss for which SCE is not fully insured could materially and adversely affect SCE’s financial condition and results of
operations. Further, due to rising insurance costs and changes in the insurance markets, insurance coverage may not continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available to SCE. 

38 

Table of Contents

Risks Relating to EMG

MEHC depends upon cash flows from EME to service its debt. 

MEHC’s principal asset is the common stock of EME. In July 2001, MEHC issued $800 million of 13.50% senior secured notes due 2008. The senior secured notes are
secured by a first priority security interest in EME’s common stock. Any foreclosure on the pledge of EME’s common stock by the holders of the senior secured notes would result in a change in control of EME, which could have a material
adverse effect on MEHC. Dividends from EME are limited based on its earnings and cash flow, the terms of restrictions contained in EME’s corporate credit facility, business and tax considerations and restrictions imposed by applicable law. A
discussion of contractual restrictions that could constrain the ability of EMG’s subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions to EME appears in the MD&A under the heading “EMG: —Liquidity MEHC—Dividend Restrictions in Major
Financings.” 

EME has substantial interests in merchant energy power plants which are subject to market risks related to wholesale energy
prices. 

EME’s merchant energy power plants do not have long-term power purchase agreements. Because the output of these power plants is not
committed to be sold under long-term contracts, these projects are subject to market forces which determine the amount and price of energy, capacity and ancillary services sold from the power plants. 

The factors that influence the market prices for energy, capacity and ancillary services include: 

•

 prevailing market prices for coal, natural gas and fuel oil, emission allowances and associated transportation costs; 

•

 the extent of additional supplies of capacity, energy and ancillary services from current competitors or new market entrants, including the development of new
generation facilities or technologies that may be able to produce electricity at a lower cost than EME’s generating facilities and/or increased access by competitors to EME’s markets as a result of transmission upgrades;

•

 transmission congestion in and to each market area and the resulting differences in prices between delivery points; 

•

 the market structure rules established for each market area and regulatory developments affecting the market areas, including any price limitations and other
mechanisms adopted to address volatility or illiquidity in these markets or the physical stability of the system; 

•

 the cost and availability of emission credits or allowances; 

•

 the availability, reliability and operation of competing power generation facilities, including nuclear generating plants where applicable, and the extended
operation of such facilities beyond their presently expected dates of decommissioning; 

•

 weather conditions prevailing in surrounding areas from time to time; and 

•

 changes in the demand for electricity or in patterns of electricity usage as a result of factors such as regional economic conditions and the implementation of
conservation programs. 

In addition, unlike most other commodities, electric power can only be stored on a very limited basis and
generally must be produced concurrently with its use. As a result, the wholesale power markets are subject to significant and unpredictable price fluctuations over relatively short periods of time. 

There is no assurance that EME’s merchant energy power plants will be successful in selling power into their markets or that the prices received for their power
will generate positive cash flows. If EME’s 

39 

Table of Contents

merchant energy power plants do not meet these objectives, they may not be able to generate enough cash to service their own debt and lease obligations,
which could have a material adverse effect on EME. 

EME’s financial results can be affected by changes in fuel prices, fuel transportation cost
increases, and interruptions in fuel supply. 

EME’s business is subject to changes in fuel costs, which may negatively affect its financial
results and financial position by increasing the cost of producing power. The fuel markets can be volatile, and actual fuel prices can differ from EME’s expectations. 

Although EME attempts to purchase fuel based on its known fuel requirements, it is still subject to the risks of supply interruptions, transportation cost increases, and fuel price volatility. In addition, fuel
deliveries may not exactly match energy sales, due in part to the need to purchase fuel inventories in advance for reliability and dispatch requirements. The price at which EME can sell its energy may not rise or fall at the same rate as a
corresponding rise or fall in fuel costs. See “EMG: Market Risk Exposures—MEHC’s Commodity Price Risk” in the MD&A. 

EME may
not be able to hedge market risks effectively. 

EME is exposed to market risks through its ownership and operation of merchant energy power plants
and through its power marketing business. These market risks include, among others, volatility arising from the timing differences associated with buying fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy to a buyer. EME uses forward contracts
and derivative financial instruments, such as futures contracts and options, to manage market risks and exposure to fluctuating electricity and fuel prices. However, EME cannot provide assurance that these strategies successfully mitigate market
risks, or that they will not result in net losses. 

EME may not cover the entire exposure of its assets or positions to market price volatility, and the
level of coverage will vary over time. Fluctuating commodity prices may negatively affect EME’s financial results to the extent that assets and positions have not been hedged. 

The effectiveness of EME’s hedging activities may depend on the amount of working capital available to post as collateral in support of these transactions, either in support of performance guarantees or as a cash
margin. The amount of credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. Significant movements in market prices can result in a
requirement to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large amounts. Without adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, EME could be exposed to the following: 

•

 a reduction in the number of counterparties willing to enter into bilateral contracts, which would result in increased reliance on short-term and spot markets
instead of bilateral contracts, increasing EME’s exposure to market volatility; and 

•

 a failure to meet a margining requirement, which could permit the counterparty to terminate the related bilateral contract early and demand immediate payment for
the replacement value of the contract. 

As a result of these and other factors, EME cannot predict with precision the effect that risk
management decisions may have on its businesses, operating results or financial position. See the discussion in the MD&A under the heading “EMG: Liquidity—MEHC’s Margin, Collateral Deposits and Other Credit Support for Energy
Contracts.” 

40 

Table of Contents

EME is exposed to credit and performance risk from third parties under supply and transportation contracts.

EME relies on contracts for the supply and transportation of fuel and other services required for the operation of its generation facilities.
EME’s operations are exposed to the risk that counterparties will not perform their obligations. If a counterparty failed to perform under a contract, EME would need to obtain alternate suppliers for their requirements of fuel or other
services, which could result in higher costs or disruptions in its operations. Furthermore, EME is exposed to credit risk because damages related to a breach of contract may not be recoverable. Accordingly, the failure of a supplier to fulfill its
contractual obligations could have a material adverse effect on EME’s financial results. 

EME is subject to extensive energy industry
regulation. 

EME’s operations are subject to extensive regulation by governmental agencies. EME’s projects are subject to federal laws and
regulations that govern, among other things, transactions by and with purchasers of power, including utility companies, the development and construction of generation facilities, the ownership and operations of generation facilities, and access to
transmission. Under limited circumstances where exclusive federal jurisdiction is not applicable or specific exemptions or waivers from state or federal laws or regulations are otherwise unavailable, federal and/or state utility regulatory
commissions may have broad jurisdiction over non-utility owned electric power plants. Generation facilities are also subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the geographical location, zoning, land
use and operation of a project. 

The FERC may impose various forms of market mitigation measures, including price caps and operating restrictions, where it
determines that potential market power might exist and that the public interest requires mitigation. In addition, many of EME’s facilities are subject to rules, restrictions and terms of participation imposed and administered by various RTOs
and ISOs. For example, ISOs and RTOs may impose bidding and scheduling rules, both to curb the potential exercise of market power and to facilitate market functions. Such actions may materially affect EME’s results of operations. 

There is no assurance that the introduction of new laws or other future regulatory developments will not have a material adverse effect on EME’s business, results
of operations or financial condition, nor is there any assurance that EME or its subsidiaries will be able to obtain and comply with all necessary licenses, permits and approvals for its projects. If projects cannot comply with all applicable
regulations, EME’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

EME is subject to extensive
environmental regulation and permitting requirements that may involve significant and increasing costs. 

EME’s operations are subject to
extensive environmental regulation with respect to, among other things, air quality, water quality, waste disposal, and noise. EME is required to comply with these regulations, as well as conditions established by licenses, permits and other
approvals, in order to construct, operate or modify its facilities. Failure to comply with these requirements could subject EME to civil or criminal liability, the imposition of liens or fines, or actions by regulatory agencies seeking to curtail
EME’s operations. 

EME devotes significant resources to environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment and emission allowances to comply with
environmental regulatory requirements. EME believes that it is currently in substantial compliance with environmental regulatory requirements and that maintaining 

41 

Table of Contents

compliance with current requirements will not materially affect its financial position or results of operations. However, the current trend is toward more
stringent standards, stricter regulation, and more expansive application of environmental regulations. Environmental advocacy groups and regulatory agencies in the United States have been focusing considerable attention on CO
2

 emissions from coal-fired power plants and their potential role in climate change. The adoption of laws and regulations to
implement CO
2

 controls could adversely affect EME’s coal-fired plants. Also, coal plant emissions of
NO
X

 and SO
2

, mercury and particulates are subject to increased controls and mitigation expenses. Additionally, certain of the states in which EME operates are contemplating air pollution control regulations that
are more stringent than existing and proposed federal regulations. The continued operation of EME’s facilities, particularly its coal-fired facilities, will require substantial capital expenditures for environmental controls. 

For example, in December 2006, Midwest Generation entered into an agreement with the Illinois EPA to reduce
mercury, NO
X

 and SO
2

 emissions at Midwest Generation’s Illinois coal-fired power plants. Capital expenditures relating to controls contemplated by the agreement are expected (in 2006 dollars) to be in the range of
approximately $2.7 billion to $3.4 billion through 2018. Additional information appears in the MD&A under the heading “Other Developments—Environmental Matters—Air Quality Standards—Clean Air Act—Illinois.” There is
no assurance that these capital expenditures will not exceed the above estimates. 

In addition, future environmental laws and regulations, and future
enforcement proceedings that may be taken by environmental authorities, could affect the costs and the manner in which EME conducts its business. There is no assurance that EME would be able to recover these increased costs from its customers or
that its business, financial position and results of operations would not be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, changing environmental regulations could make some units uneconomical to maintain or operate. If EME cannot comply with all
applicable regulations, it could be required to retire or suspend operations at its facilities, or restrict or modify the operations of its facilities, and its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

Typically, environmental laws require a lengthy and complex process for obtaining licenses, permits and approvals prior to construction, operation or
modification of a project or generating facility. Meeting all the necessary requirements can delay or sometimes prevent the completion of a proposed project as well as require extensive modifications to existing projects, which may involve
significant capital expenditures. EME cannot provide assurance that it will be able to obtain and comply with all necessary licenses, permits and approvals for its plants. If there is a delay in obtaining required approvals or permits or if EME
fails to obtain and comply with such permits, the operation of EME’s facilities may be interrupted or become subject to additional costs. 

EME’s development projects or future acquisitions may not be successful. 

EME’s future financial condition, results of
operation and cash flows will depend in large part upon its ability to successfully implement its long-term strategy, which includes the development and acquisition of electric power generation facilities, with an emphasis on renewable energy
(primarily wind) and gas-fired power plants. EME may be unable to identify attractive acquisition or development opportunities and/or to complete and integrate them on a successful and timely basis. Furthermore, implementation of 

this strategy may be affected by factors beyond EME’s control, such as increased competition, legal and regulatory developments, price volatility in electric or fuel
markets, and general economic conditions. 

42 

Table of Contents

In support of its development activities, EME has entered into commitments of $489 million to purchase turbines for future projects and plans to make
substantial additional commitments in the future. In addition, EME expends significant amounts for preliminary engineering, permitting, legal and other expenses before it can determine whether it will win a competitive bid, or whether a project is
feasible or economically attractive. 

EME’s development activities are subject to risks including, without limitation, risks related to project
siting, financing, construction, permitting, and governmental approvals. EME may not be successful in developing new projects or the timing of such development may be delayed beyond the date such turbines are ready for installation. Furthermore, EME
may not be able to obtain financing for new projects that are developed and may not be able to obtain sufficient equity capital or additional borrowings to enable it to fund equity commitments for future projects. If a project under development is
abandoned, EME would expense all capitalized development costs incurred in connection with that project, and could incur additional losses associated with any related contingent liabilities. If EME is not successful in developing new projects, it
may be required to sell turbines that were purchased and such sales may result in substantial losses. For example, in February 2007, EME was advised that it was an unsuccessful bidder in the request for offers conducted by SCE for the supply of
generation capacity. EME plans to use the turbines which it had purchased and reserved for this bid for other generation supply opportunities, although there is no assurance that these efforts will be successful. 

Finally, EME cannot provide assurance that its development projects or acquired assets will generate sufficient cash flow to support the indebtedness incurred to acquire
them or the capital expenditures needed to develop them, or that the rate of return from such projects or assets will be sufficient to justify the decision to invest in them. 

Competition could adversely affect EME’s business. 

The independent power industry is characterized by
numerous capable competitors, some of whom may have more extensive operating experience in the acquisition and development of power projects, larger staffs, and greater financial resources than EME. Several participants in the wholesale markets,
including many regulated utilities, have a lower cost of capital than most merchant generators and often are able to recover fixed costs through rate base mechanisms, allowing them to build, buy and upgrade generation assets without relying
exclusively on market clearing prices to recover their investments. This could affect EME’s ability to compete effectively in the markets in which those entities operate. 

Newer plants owned by EME’s competitors are often more efficient than EME’s facilities. This may put some of EME’s facilities at a competitive disadvantage to the extent that its competitors are able to
produce more power from each increment of fuel than EME’s facilities are capable of producing. Over time, some of EME’s facilities may become obsolete in their markets, or be unable to compete, because of the construction of newer, more
efficient power plants. 

In addition to the competition already existing in the markets in which EME presently operates or may consider operating in the
future, EME is likely to encounter significant competition as a result of further consolidation of the power industry by mergers and asset reallocations, which could create powerful new competitors, and new market entrants such as investment
companies. In addition, the EPAct 2005 and other regulatory initiatives may result in changes in the power industry to which EME may not be able to respond in as timely and effective manner as its competitors. 

43 

Table of Contents

EME may not be able to raise capital on favorable terms, to refinance existing EME corporate or subsidiary
indebtedness or to fund operations, capital expenditures, future acquisitions and development activities, which could affect its results of operations. 

The factors that influence EME’s ability to arrange for financing and its costs of capital include: 

•

 general economic and capital market conditions; 

•

 the availability of bank credit; 

•

 investor confidence; 

•

 the financial condition, performance, prospects, and credit rating of EME and/or the subsidiary requiring the financing; and 

•

 changes in tax and securities laws. 

While EME
believes that its sources of capital will be adequate to meet obligations for the foreseeable future, this belief is based on a number of material assumptions, including without limitation assumptions about EME’s ability to access the capital
and commercial lending markets, the operating and financial performance of EME’s subsidiaries, and the ability of EME’s subsidiaries to pay dividends. Any of these assumptions could prove to be incorrect. EME cannot provide assurance that
its projected sources of capital will be available when needed or that its actual cash requirements will not be greater than expected. 

EME and its
subsidiaries have a substantial amount of indebtedness, including long-term lease obligations. 

As of December 31, 2006, consolidated debt of
EME was $3.2 billion. In addition, EME’s subsidiaries have $4.3 billion of long-term power plant lease obligations that are due over a period ranging up to 29 years. The substantial amount of consolidated debt and financial
obligations presents the risk that EME and its subsidiaries might not have sufficient cash to service their indebtedness or long-term lease obligations and that the existing corporate debt, project debt and lease obligations could limit the ability
of EME and its subsidiaries to grow their business, to compete effectively or to operate successfully under adverse economic conditions. If EME’s or a subsidiary’s cash flows and capital resources were insufficient to allow it to make
scheduled payments on its debt, EME or its subsidiaries might have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance the debt. The terms of EME’s or its subsidiaries’ debt may not
allow these alternative measures, the debt or equity may not be available on acceptable terms, and these alternative measures may not satisfy all scheduled debt service obligations. 

The ability of EME’s largest subsidiary, Midwest Generation, LLC, to make distributions is restricted. 

Midwest Generation, which owns or leases the Illinois plants, has entered into financing documents that contain restrictions on its ability to pay dividends. See “EMG: Liquidity—Liquidity and Capital Resources” in the
MD&A. 

EME is the guarantor of the Powerton and Joliet (Units 7 and 8) leases and is obligated under intercompany notes to make debt service payments
to Midwest Generation. Each intercompany note is a general corporate obligation of EME and payments on it are made from distributions from subsidiaries and other sources of cash received by EME. Accordingly, EME must continue to make payments under
the intercompany notes regardless of whether or not Midwest Generation makes distributions to EME. If 

44 

Table of Contents

EME were not able to satisfy its obligations under the intercompany notes, it would result in a default under the financing documents of EME and Midwest
Generation. This could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and cash flow of EME. 

Restrictions in EME’s certificate of
incorporation, its credit facilities and the MEHC financing documents limit the ability of EME and its subsidiaries to enter into specified transactions that they otherwise may enter into and may significantly impede their ability to refinance their
debt. 

The financing documents entered into by MEHC contain financial and investment covenants restricting EME and its subsidiaries. EME’s
certificate of incorporation binds it to the provisions in MEHC’s financing documents by restricting EME’s ability to enter into specified transactions and engage in specified business activities without shareholder approval. The
instruments governing EME’s indebtedness also contain financial and investment covenants. Restrictions contained in these documents could affect, and in some cases significantly limit or prohibit, EME and its subsidiaries’ ability to,
among other things, incur, refinance, and prepay debt, make capital expenditures, pay dividends and make other distributions, make investments, create liens, sell assets, enter into sale and leaseback transactions, issue equity interests, enter into
transactions with affiliates, create restrictions on the ability to pay dividends or make other distributions and engage in mergers and consolidations. These restrictions may significantly impede the ability of EME and its subsidiaries to take
advantage of business opportunities as they arise, to grow their business and compete effectively, or to develop and implement any refinancing plans in respect of their indebtedness. See “—EME and its subsidiaries have a substantial amount
of indebtedness, including long-term lease obligations” above, for further discussion. 

In addition, in connection with the entry into new financings
or amendments to existing financing arrangements, EME’s and its subsidiaries’ financial and operational flexibility may be further reduced as a result of more restrictive covenants, requirements for security and other terms that are often
imposed on sub-investment grade entities. 

EME’s projects may be affected by general operating risks and hazards customary in the power
generation industry. EME may not have adequate insurance to cover all these hazards. 

The operation of power generation facilities involves many
operating risks, including: 

•

 performance below expected levels of output or efficiency; 

•

 interruptions in fuel supply; 

•

 disruptions in the transmission of electricity; 

•

 curtailment of operations due to transmission constraints; 

•

 breakdown or failure of equipment or processes; 

•

 imposition of new regulatory, permitting, or environmental requirements, or violations of existing requirements; 

•

 employee work force factors, including strikes, work stoppages or labor disputes; 

•

 operator/contractor error; and 

•

 catastrophic events such as terrorist activities, fires, tornadoes, earthquakes, explosions, floods or other similar occurrences affecting power generation
facilities or the transmission and distribution infrastructure over which power is transported. 

These and other hazards can cause
significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of or damage to the environment, and suspension of operations. The occurrence of one or more of the events listed above
could decrease or 

45 

Table of Contents

eliminate revenues generated by EME’s projects or significantly increase the costs of operating them, and could also result in EME’s being named as
a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, potentially including environmental cleanup costs, personal injury, property damage, fines and penalties. Equipment and plant warranties and insurance may not be sufficient or
effective under all circumstances to cover lost revenues or increased expenses. A decrease or elimination in revenues generated by the facilities or an increase in the costs of operating them could decrease or eliminate funds available to meet
EME’s obligations as they become due and could have a material adverse effect on EME. A default under a financing obligation of a project entity could result in a loss of EME’s interest in the project. 

The accounting for EME’s hedging and proprietary trading activities may increase the volatility of its quarterly and annual financial results.

EME engages in hedging activities in order to mitigate its exposure to market risk with respect to electricity sales from its generation
facilities, fuel utilized by those facilities and emissions allowances. EME generally attempts to balance its fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery
obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts. EME also uses derivative contracts with respect to its limited proprietary trading activities, through which EME attempts to achieve incremental returns by transacting where
it has specific market expertise. These derivative contracts are recorded on its balance sheet at fair value pursuant to SFAS No. 133. Some of these derivative contracts do not qualify under SFAS No. 133 for hedge accounting and changes in
their fair value are therefore recognized currently in earnings as unrealized gains or losses. As a result, EME’s financial results, including gross margin, operating income and balance sheet ratios, will at times be volatile and subject to
fluctuations in value primarily due to changes in electricity and fuel prices. See “MEHC’s Accounting for Energy Contracts” in the MD&A.