, as well as stop-loss triggers and counterparty
 credit exposure limits. Despite this, there can be no assurance
 that all risks have been accurately identified, measured
 and/or
 mitigated.

 In executing agreements with counterparties to conduct hedging
 or trading activities, EME generally provides credit support
 when necessary through margining arrangements (agreements to
 provide or receive collateral, letters of credit or guarantees
 based on changes in the market price of the underlying contract
 under specific terms). To manage its liquidity, EME assesses the
 potential impact of future price changes in determining the
 amount of collateral requirements under existing or anticipated
 forward contracts. There is no assurance that EME’s
 liquidity will be adequate to meet margin calls from
 counterparties in the case of extreme market changes or that the
 failure to meet such cash requirements would not have a material
 adverse effect on its liquidity. See “Item 1A. Risk
 Factors.” See “Item 1A. Risk Factors —
 Risks Relating to EMG.”

 Significant
 Customers

 In the past three fiscal years, EME’s merchant plants sold
 electric power generally into the PJM market by participating in
 PJM’s capacity and energy markets or by selling capacity
 and energy on a bilateral basis. Sales into PJM accounted for
 approximately 50%, 51% and 58% of EME’s consolidated
 operating revenues for the years ended December 31, 2008,
 2007 and 2006, respectively. Beginning in January 2007, EME also
 derived a significant source of its revenues from the sale of
 energy, capacity and ancillary services generated at the
 Illinois Plants to Commonwealth Edison under load requirements
 services contracts. Sales under these contracts accounted for
 12% and 19% of EME’s consolidated operating revenues for
 the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively.
 For the year ended December 31, 2008, a third customer,
 Constellation Energy Commodities Group, Inc. accounted for 10%
 of EME’s consolidated operating revenues. Sales to
 Constellation are primarily generated from EME’s merchant
 plants and largely consist of energy sales under forward
 contracts.

 Insurance
 of EME

 EME maintains insurance policies consistent with those normally
 carried by companies engaged in similar business and owning
 similar properties. EME’s insurance program includes
 all-risk property insurance, including business interruption,
 covering real and personal property, including losses from
 boilers, machinery breakdowns, and the perils of earthquake and
 flood, subject to specific sublimits. EME also carries general
 liability insurance covering liabilities to third parties for
 bodily injury or property damage resulting from operations,
 automobile liability insurance and excess liability insurance.
 Limits and deductibles in respect of these insurance policies
 are comparable to those carried by other electric generating
 facilities of similar size. However, no assurance can be given
 that EME’s insurance will be adequate to cover all losses.

 The EME Homer City property insurance program currently covers
 losses up to $1.325 billion. Under the terms of the
 participation agreements entered into on December 7, 2001
 as part of the sale-leaseback transaction of the Homer City
 facilities, EME Homer City is required to maintain specified
 minimum insurance coverages if and to the extent that such
 insurance is available on a commercially reasonable basis.
 Although the insurance covering the Homer City facilities is
 comparable to insurance coverages normally carried by companies
 engaged in similar businesses, and owning similar properties,
 the insurance coverages that are in place do not meet the
 minimum insurance coverages required under the participation
 agreements. Due to the current market environment, the minimum
 insurance coverage is not commercially available at reasonable
 prices. EME Homer City has obtained a waiver under the
 participation agreements which will permit it to maintain its
 current insurance coverage through June 1, 2009.

 Seasonality
 of EME

 Due to higher electric demand resulting from warmer weather
 during the summer months and cold weather during the winter
 months, electric revenues from the Illinois Plants and the Homer
 City facilities vary

 24

Table of Contents

 substantially on a seasonal basis. In addition, maintenance
 outages generally are scheduled during periods of lower
 projected electric demand (spring and fall) further reducing
 generation and increasing major maintenance costs which are
 recorded as an expense when incurred. Accordingly, earnings from
 the Illinois Plants and the Homer City facilities are seasonal
 and have significant variability from quarter to quarter.
 Seasonal fluctuations may also be affected by changes in market
 prices. See “EMG: Market Risk Exposures —
 Commodity Price Risk — Energy Price Risk Affecting
 Sales from the Illinois Plants” and
 “— Energy Price Risk Affecting Sales from the
 Homer City Facilities” in the MD&A for further
 discussion regarding market prices.

 EME’s third quarter equity in income from its energy
 projects is materially higher than equity in income related to
 other quarters of the year due to warmer weather during the
 summer months and because a number of EME’s energy projects
 located on the West Coast have power sales contracts that
 provide for higher payments during the summer months.

 Regulation
 of EME

 General

 EME’s operations are subject to extensive regulation by
 governmental agencies. EME’s operating projects are subject
 to energy, environmental and other governmental laws and
 regulations at the federal, state and local levels in connection
 with the development, ownership and operation of its projects,
 and the use of electric energy, capacity and related products,
 including ancillary services from its projects. In addition, EME
 is subject to the market rules, procedures, and protocols of the
 markets in which it participates.

 The laws and regulations that affect EME and its operations are
 in a state of flux. Complex and changing environmental and other
 regulatory requirements could necessitate substantial
 expenditures and could create a significant risk of expensive
 delays or significant loss of value if a project were to become
 unable to function as planned due to changing requirements or
 local opposition.

 United
 States Federal Energy Regulation

 The FERC has ratemaking jurisdiction and other authority with
 respect to wholesale sales and interstate transmission of
 electric energy (other than transmission that is
 “bundled” with retail sales) under the FPA and with
 respect to certain interstate sales, transportation and storage
 of natural gas under the Natural Gas Act of 1938. The enactment
 of PURPA and the adoption of regulations under PURPA by the FERC
 provided incentives for the development of cogeneration
 facilities and small power production facilities using
 alternative or renewable fuels by establishing certain
 exemptions from the FPA and PUHCA 1935 for the owners of
 qualifying facilities. Independent power production has been
 further encouraged by the passage of the Energy Policy Act in
 1992, which provided additional exemptions from PUHCA 1935 for
 EWGs and foreign utility companies, and the EPAct of 2005, which
 included provisions for the repeal of PUHCA 1935, amendments to
 PURPA, merger review reform, the introduction of new regulations
 regarding transmission operation improvements, FERC authority to
 impose civil penalties for violation of its regulations,
 transmission rate reform, incentives for various generation
 technologies and the extension of production tax credits for
 wind and other specified types of generation.

 Federal
 Power Act

 The FPA grants the FERC exclusive jurisdiction over the rates,
 terms and conditions of wholesale sales of electricity and
 transmission services in interstate commerce (other than
 transmission that is “bundled” with retail sales),
 including ongoing, as well as initial, rate jurisdiction. This
 jurisdiction allows the FERC to revoke or modify previously
 approved rates after notice and opportunity for hearing. These
 rates may be based on a cost-of-service approach or, in
 geographic and product markets determined by the FERC to be
 workably competitive, may be market based.

 Most qualifying facilities, as that term is defined in PURPA,
 are exempt from the ratemaking and several other provisions of
 the FPA. EWGs certified in accordance with the FERC’s rules
 under PUHCA 2005 are subject to

 25

Table of Contents

 the FPA and to the FERC’s ratemaking jurisdiction
 thereunder, but the FERC typically grants EWGs the authority to
 sell power at market-based rates to purchasers which are not
 affiliated electric utility companies as long as the absence of
 market power is shown. As of December 31, 2008, EME’s
 power marketing subsidiaries, including EMMT, and a number of
 EME’s operating projects, including the Homer City
 facilities and the Illinois Plants, were authorized by the FERC
 to make wholesale market sales of power at market-based rates
 and were subject to the FERC ratemaking regulation under the
 FPA. EME’s future domestic non-qualifying facility
 independent power projects will also be subject to the FERC
 jurisdiction on rates.

 The FPA also grants the FERC jurisdiction over the sale or
 transfer of specified assets, including wholesale power sales
 contracts and generation facilities, and in some cases,
 jurisdiction over the issuance of securities or the assumption
 of specified liabilities and some interlocking directorates.
 Dispositions of EME’s jurisdictional assets or certain
 types of financing arrangements may require FERC approval.

 Public
 Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978

 PURPA provides two primary benefits to qualifying facilities.
 First, all cogeneration facilities that are qualifying
 facilities are exempt from certain provisions of the FPA and
 regulations of the FERC thereunder. Second, the FERC regulations
 promulgated under PURPA required that electric utilities
 purchase electricity generated by qualifying facilities at a
 price based on the purchasing utility’s avoided cost
 (unless, pursuant to EPAct 2005, the FERC has determined that
 the relevant market meets certain conditions for competitive,
 nondiscriminatory access), and that the utilities sell back up
 power to the qualifying facility on a nondiscriminatory basis.
 The FERC’s regulations also permitted qualifying facilities
 and utilities to negotiate agreements for utility purchases of
 power at prices different from the utility’s avoided costs.

 Several of EME’s projects, including the Big 4 projects,
 the Westside projects, American Bituminous, and March Point, are
 qualifying cogeneration facilities. To be a qualifying
 cogeneration facility, a cogeneration facility must produce
 electricity and useful thermal energy for an industrial or
 commercial process or heating or cooling applications in certain
 proportions to the facility’s total energy output, and must
 meet certain efficiency standards. If one of the projects in
 which EME has an interest were to lose its qualifying facility
 status, the project would no longer be entitled to the
 qualifying facility-related exemptions from regulation. As a
 result, the project could become subject to rate regulation by
 the FERC under the FPA and additional state regulation. Loss of
 qualifying facility status could also trigger defaults under
 covenants to maintain qualifying facility status in the
 project’s power sales agreements, steam sales agreements
 and financing agreements and result in refund claims from
 utility customers, termination, penalties or acceleration of
 indebtedness under such agreements. If a power purchaser were to
 cease taking and paying for electricity or were to seek to
 obtain refunds of past amounts paid because of the loss of
 qualifying facility status, it might not be possible to recover
 the costs incurred in connection with the project through sales
 to other purchasers. EME endeavors to monitor regulatory
 compliance by its qualifying facility projects in a manner that
 minimizes the risks of losing these projects’ qualifying
 facility status.

 Transmission
 of Wholesale Power

 Generally, projects that sell power to wholesale purchasers
 other than the local utility to which the project is
 interconnected require the transmission of electricity over
 power lines owned by others. This transmission service over the
 lines of intervening transmission owners is also known as
 wheeling. The prices and other terms and conditions of
 transmission contracts are regulated by the FERC when the entity
 providing the transmission service is a jurisdictional public
 utility under the FPA.

 The Energy Policy Act of 1992 laid the groundwork for a
 competitive wholesale market for electricity by, among other
 things, expanding the FERC’s authority to order electric
 utilities to transmit third-party electricity over their
 transmission lines, thus allowing qualifying facilities under
 PURPA, power marketers and those qualifying as EWGs under PUHCA
 1935 to more effectively compete in the wholesale market.

 26

Table of Contents

 Illinois
 Power Procurement

 The Illinois Power Agency Act, signed into law on
 August 28, 2007, establishes a new process for Commonwealth
 Edison and the Ameren Illinois utilities to procure power for
 their bundled-rate customers. On July 1, 2008, the two
 utilities began procuring power for bundled-rate customers by
 means of existing full requirements contracts that have not yet
 expired, certain multi-year swap contracts that they entered
 into with their affiliates pursuant to the Illinois Power Agency
 Act, and a competitive request for proposal procurement of
 standard wholesale power products run by independent procurement
 administrators with the oversight and approval of the Illinois
 Commerce Commission. The Illinois Power Agency Act provides
 further that starting in June 2009, a newly created Illinois
 Power Agency will be responsible for the administration,
 planning and procurement of power for Commonwealth Edison and
 the Ameren Illinois utilities’ bundled-rate customers using
 a portfolio-managed approach that is to include competitively
 procured standard wholesale products and renewable energy
 resources. The Illinois Commerce Commission will continue in its
 role of oversight and approval of the power planning and
 procurement for bundled retail customers of the utilities.

 On January 7, 2009, the Illinois Commerce Commission
 approved a procurement plan for 2009 that was proposed by the
 Illinois Power Agency. The plan, which is based on five-year
 demand forecasts, proposes a laddered procurement strategy for
 the period beginning in 2009 and ending in 2014. In 2009, the
 Illinois Power Agency is expected to acquire through a single
 request for proposals roughly one third of the forecasted demand
 for bundled load for Commonwealth Edison and Ameren. Renewable
 requirements, in the first year, will be purchased by way of
 one-year renewable energy credits; longer contracts may be
 included in future procurements if required by law or if
 approved by the Illinois Commerce Commission. The Illinois Power
 Agency issued its request for proposals in February 2009 and
 plans to conduct its procurement between mid-March and mid-April
 2009.

 PJM
 Matters

 On June 1, 2007, PJM implemented the RPM for capacity. The
 purpose of the RPM is to provide a long-term pricing signal for
 capacity resources. The RPM provides a mechanism for PJM to
 satisfy the region’s need for generation capacity, the cost
 of which is allocated to load-serving entities through a
 locational reliability charge. Also on June 1, 2007, PJM
 implemented marginal losses for transmission for its competitive
 wholesale electric market. For further discussion regarding the
 RPM and recent auctions, see “EMG: Market Risk
 Exposures — Commodity Price Risk — Capacity
 Price Risk” in the MD&A.

 RPM
 Buyers’ Complaint

 On May 30, 2008, a group of entities referring to
 themselves as the “RPM Buyers” filed a complaint at
 the FERC asking that PJM’s RPM, as implemented through the
 transitional base residual auctions establishing capacity
 payments for the period from June 1, 2008 through
 May 31, 2011, be found to have produced unjust and
 unreasonable capacity prices.

 On September 19, 2008, the FERC dismissed the RPM
 Buyers’ complaint, finding that the RPM Buyers had failed
 to allege or prove that any party violated PJM’s tariff and
 market rules, and that the prices determined during the
 transition period were determined in accordance with PJM’s
 FERC-approved tariff. On October 20, 2008, the RPM Buyers
 requested rehearing of the FERC’s order dismissing their
 complaint. This matter is currently pending before the FERC. EME
 cannot predict the outcome of this matter.

 RPM
 CONE

 On December 12, 2008, PJM submitted revised RPM Tariff
 sheets pursuant to Section 205 of the FPA, proposing RPM
 auction modifications (relating to CONE) values, including a
 proposal to modify how scarcity pricing revenues are
 incorporated in the Net Energy and Ancillary Services Revenue
 Offset, new rules for participation of demand side management
 resources in the RPM auctions, and a proposed holdback of 2.5%
 of the reliability requirement from the Base Residual Auction.
 The CONE is used to construct the demand curve for RPM auctions,
 and its level affects the clearing price for those auctions
 (which is determined at the intersection of the supply and
 demand curves).

 27

Table of Contents

 On February 9, 2009, PJM and several other parties to the
 proceedings filed a proposed settlement with the FERC with a
 proposed effective date of March 27, 2009. The CONE values
 in the proposed settlement represent a 10% decrease from those
 contained in PJM’s December 12, 2008 filing. The
 proposed settlement would retain the 2.5% holdback proposed in
 PJM’s December 12 filing and would increase the length of
 forward commitment for new capacity resources to seven years,
 instead of the five years originally proposed by PJM.

 There was a high level of opposition to PJM’s proposed
 modifications from buyers and consumers, and a similarly high
 level of opposition is expected with respect to the proposed
 settlement. The effect of the FERC’s actions on future RPM
 auctions cannot be determined at this time. The CONE as proposed
 for the May 2009 RPM auction for the 2012/2013 delivery year is
 higher than what is currently effective in the tariff.

 Environmental
 Matters Affecting EME

 Climate
 Change

 The ultimate outcome of the climate change debate could have a
 significant economic effect on EME. Any legal obligation that
 would require EME to reduce substantially its emissions of
 CO2
 or that would impose additional costs or charges for the
 emission of
 CO
2
 could have a materially adverse effect on EME. EME will continue
 to monitor the federal, regional and state developments relating
 to regulation of GHG emissions to determine their impact on its
 operations. Requirements to reduce emissions of
 CO
2
 and other GHG emissions could significantly increase the cost of
 generating electricity from fossil fuels, especially coal, as
 well as the cost of purchased power.

 Utility purchasers of power generated by EME’s power plants
 in California are subject to the EPS requirements of SB 1368. At
 this time, EME believes that all of its facilities in California
 meet the GHG EPS contemplated by SB1368, but will continue to
 monitor the regulations, as they are developed, for potential
 impact on existing facilities and projects under development.

 Air
 Quality Regulation

 Federal environmental regulations require reductions in
 emissions beginning in 2009 and require states to adopt
 implementation plans that are equal to or more stringent than
 the federal requirements. Compliance with these regulations and
 SIPs will affect the costs and the manner in which EME conducts
 its business, and is expected to require EME to make substantial
 additional capital expenditures. There is no assurance that EME
 would be able to recover these increased costs from its
 customers or that EME’s financial position and results of
 operations would not be materially adversely affected as a
 result.

 Clean Air
 Interstate Rule

 EME expects that compliance with the CAIR and the regulations
 and revised SIPs developed as a consequence of the CAIR will
 result in increased capital expenditures and operating expenses.
 EME’s approach to meeting these obligations will consist of
 a blending of capital expenditure and emission allowance
 purchases that will be based on an ongoing assessment of the
 dynamics of its market conditions.

 Illinois

 On December 11, 2006, Midwest Generation entered into an
 agreement with the Illinois EPA to reduce mercury,
 NOx
 and
 SO
2
 emissions at the Illinois Plants. The agreement has been
 embodied in an Illinois rule called the Combined Pollutant
 Standard or CPS. All of Midwest Generation’s Illinois
 coal-fired electric generating units are subject to the CPS. For
 further discussion of the CPS, see information under the heading
 “Other Developments — Environmental
 Matters — Air Quality Regulation — Clean Air
 Interstate Rule — Illinois” in the MD&A.

 28

Table of Contents

 Pennsylvania

 On December 18, 2007, the Pennsylvania Environmental
 Quality Board approved the Pennsylvania CAIR. This rule has been
 submitted to the US EPA for approval as part of the Pennsylvania
 SIP. The Pennsylvania CAIR is substantively similar to the CAIR.
 EME Homer City will be subject to the federal CAIR rule during
 2009 and expects to be able to comply with the
 NOx
 requirement using its existing SCR system. The Pennsylvania
 CAIR, including both
 NO
x
 and
 SO
2
 limits, is expected to become effective in 2010. EME Homer City
 expects to comply with Pennsylvania CAIR through the continued
 operation of its scrubber on Unit 3 to reduce
 SO
2
 emissions and the purchase of
 SO
2
 allowances.

 Clean Air
 Mercury Rule

 EME’s coal-fired electric generating facilities are already
 subject to significant unit-specific mercury emission reduction
 requirements under Illinois and Pennsylvania law. As discussed
 in the MD&A, under the heading “Other
 Developments — Environmental Matters — Air
 Quality Regulation — Clean Air Mercury Rule,” in
 February 2008, the D.C. Circuit Court vacated the CAMR and in
 February 2009, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to review
 the D.C. Circuit’s decision. Until CAMR is replaced by
 a new mercury rule, mercury regulation will come from state
 regulatory bodies. As described below, EME’s coal-fired
 electric generating facilities are already subject to
 significant unit-specific mercury emission reduction
 requirements under Illinois and Pennsylvania law (although, as
 noted below, a Pennsylvania court has recently invalidated
 Pennsylvania’s mercury regulations). Until new federal
 standards are developed, EME will not be able to determine
 whether it will be necessary to undertake measures beyond those
 required by state regulations.

 Illinois

 The final state rule for the reduction of mercury emissions in
 Illinois was adopted and became effective on December 21,
 2006. The rule requires a 90% reduction of mercury emissions
 from coal-fired power plants averaged across company-owned
 Illinois stations and a minimum reduction of 75% for individual
 generating sources by July 1, 2009. The rule requires each
 station to achieve a 90% reduction by January 1, 2014 and,
 because emissions are measured on a rolling
 12-month
 average, stations must install equipment necessary to meet the
 January 1, 2014, 90% reduction by January 1, 2013.

 On December 11, 2006, Midwest Generation entered into an
 agreement with the Illinois EPA to reduce mercury, NOX and
 SO2
 emissions at the Illinois Plants. The agreement has been
 embodied in an Illinois rule called the CPS. Midwest
 Generation’s compliance with the CPS supersedes the mercury
 rule described above for the Illinois Plants. The principal
 emission standards and control technology requirements for
 mercury under the CPS are as described below:

 Beginning in calendar year 2015, and continuing thereafter on a
 rolling
 12-month
 basis, Midwest Generation must either achieve an emission
 standard of .008 lbs mercury/GWh gross electrical output or a
 minimum 90% reduction in mercury for each unit (except Unit 3 at
 the Will County Station, which shall be included in calendar
 year 2016). In addition to these standards, Midwest Generation
 must install and operate the following specific control
 technologies:

 • 

 Activated carbon injection equipment on all operating units at
 the Crawford, Fisk and Waukegan Stations by July 1, 2008,
 and on all operating units at the Powerton, Will County and
 Joliet Stations by July 1, 2009.

 • 

 Cold side electrostatic precipitator or baghouse on Unit 7 at
 the Waukegan Station by December 31, 2013 and on Unit 3 at
 the Will County Station by December 31, 2015.

 Midwest Generation has installed activated carbon injection
 technology for the removal of mercury in 2008 for Crawford, Fisk
 and Waukegan Stations and is in the process of installing this
 technology in 2009 for Joliet, Powerton and Will County
 Stations. Capital expenditures relating to these controls were
 $37 million through 2008 and are expected to be
 $6 million in 2009.

 29

Table of Contents

 Pennsylvania

 On February 17, 2007, the PADEP published in the
 Pennsylvania Bulletin regulations that would require coal-fired
 power plants to reduce mercury emissions by 80% by 2010 and 90%
 by 2015. The rule does not allow the use of emissions trading to
 achieve compliance. The rule became final upon publication. The
 Pennsylvania CAMR SIP, which embodies PADEP’s mercury
 regulation, was pending approval by the US EPA prior to the
 February 8, 2008 Court of Appeals decision vacating the
 federal CAMR. On September 15, 2008, PPL Generation filed a
 Petition for Review with the Commonwealth Court seeking relief
 from Pennsylvania’s mercury rule for coal-fired power
 plants, alleging that the PADEP cannot regulate power plant
 emission sources under Section 111 of the CAA, but must
 instead consider emission controls on a
 case-by-case
 basis as required by Section 112. On January 30, 2009,
 the Court issued an opinion declaring Pennsylvania’s
 mercury rule unlawful, invalid and unenforceable, and enjoining
 Pennsylvania from continued implementation and enforcement of
 the rule. The PADEP has appealed this matter to the Pennsylvania
 Supreme Court. EME cannot predict the outcome of this matter.

 If the Homer City facilities are required to meet the 2010
 deadline for mercury emissions reductions, EME Homer City would
 plan to achieve compliance by operating an existing FGD system
 on one generating unit and utilizing an appropriate combination
 of sorbent injection and coal washing on the other two units. In
 order to meet reductions in emissions by the 2015 deadline, it
 is likely that additional environmental control equipment will
 need to be installed. If additional environmental equipment is
 required in the form of FGD equipment, EME would need to make
 commitments during 2011 or 2012. EME continues to study
 available environmental control technologies and estimated costs
 to reduce
 SO2
 and mercury and to monitor developments related to mercury and
 other environmental regulations.

 Ambient
 Air Quality Standards

 The US EPA designated non-attainment areas for its 8-hour
 ozone standard on April 30, 2004, and for its fine
 particulate matter standard on January 5, 2005. Almost all
 of EME’s facilities are located in counties that have been
 identified as being in non-attainment with both standards. On
 September 22, 2006, the US EPA issued a final rule
 that implements the revisions to its fine particulate standard
 originally proposed on January 17, 2006. Under the new
 rule, the annual standard remains the same as originally
 proposed but the
 24-hour fine
 particulate standard is significantly more stringent. On
 February 24, 2009, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
 D.C. Circuit remanded the annual fine particulate matter
 standard to the US EPA for review. The more stringent

24-hour fine
 particulate standard (and, depending on the course of the
 remand, a further revised annual standard) may require states to
 impose further emission reductions beyond those necessary to
 meet the existing standards. Edison International anticipates
 that any such further emission reduction obligations would not
 be imposed under this standard until 2015 at the earliest, and
 intends to consider such rules as part of its overall plan for
 environmental compliance.

 On March 12, 2008, the US EPA issued a final rule to make
 revisions in the primary and secondary national ambient air
 quality standards for ozone. With regard to the primary and
 standards for ozone, US EPA reduced the level of the
 8-hour
 standard to 0.075 parts per million (ppm). The US EPA
 solicited comment on alternative levels down to 0.060 ppm
 and up to and including retaining the current

8-hour
 standard of 0.080 ppm (effectively 0.084 ppm using
 current data rounding conventions). The rule may require states
 to impose further emission reductions beyond those necessary to
 meet the existing standards, Edison International anticipates
 that any such further emission reduction obligations would not
 be imposed under this standard until 2015 at the earliest, and
 intends to consider such rules as part of its overall plan for
 environmental compliance.

 Illinois

 Beginning with the 2003 ozone season (May 1 through September
 30), EME has been required to comply with an average
 NOx
 emission rate of 0.25 lb
 NO
x/MMBtu
 of heat input. This limitation is commonly referred to as the
 East St. Louis State Implementation Plan. This regulation
 is a State of Illinois requirement. Each of the Illinois Plants
 complied with this standard in 2004. Beginning with the 2004
 ozone season, the Illinois Plants

 30

Table of Contents

 became subject to the federally mandated
 “NOx
 SIP Call” regulation that provided ozone-season
 NO
x
 emission allowances to a 19-state region east of the
 Mississippi. This program provides for
 NO
x
 allowance trading similar to the
 SO
2
 (acid rain) trading program already in effect.

 The Illinois Plants have complied with the
 NOx
 regulations by installing advanced burner technology and by
 purchasing additional allowances. Midwest Generation plans to
 continue to purchase allowances as it implements the agreement
 it reached with the Illinois EPA, but expects to purchase fewer
 allowances as the required technology improvements are
 implemented.

 The Illinois EPA has begun to develop SIPs to meet National
 Ambient Air Quality Standards for
 8-hour ozone
 and fine particulates with the intent of bringing non-attainment
 areas, such as Chicago, into attainment. The SIPs are expected
 to deal with all emission sources, not just power generators,
 and to address emissions of
 NO
x,
 SO
2,
 and volatile organic compounds. The SIP for

8-hour ozone
 was to be submitted to the US EPA by June 15, 2007, but is
 currently expected to be submitted in early 2009. The SIP for
 fine particulates was to be submitted to the US EPA by
 April 5, 2008, but is currently expected to be submitted in
 2010.

 The CPS requires Midwest Generation to install air pollution
 controls that will contribute to attainment with the ozone and
 fine particulate matter per National Ambient Air Quality
 Standards. Edison International does not know at this time
 whether the reductions required by the CPS will be sufficient
 for compliance with future ozone and particulate matter
 regulations. See “— Clean Air Interstate
 Rule — Illinois” for further discussion.

 Pennsylvania

 In June 2007, the PADEP requested a redesignation of Clearfield
 and Indiana counties to attainment with respect to the
 8-hour ozone
 standard. The PADEP also submitted a maintenance plan indicating
 that the existing (and upcoming) regulations controlling
 emissions of volatile organic compounds and
 NO
x
 will result in continued compliance with the

8-hour ozone
 standard. Accordingly, Edison International believes that the
 Homer City facilities will likely not need to install additional
 pollution control as a result of the

8-hour ozone
 standard.

 With respect to fine particulates, Pennsylvania has not proposed
 new regulations to achieve compliance with the National Ambient
 Air Quality Standard for fine particulates. The SIP with respect
 to this standard was due to the US EPA by April 5, 2008,
 but has not been submitted. Edison International is unable to
 predict the timing of the SIP or its potential effect on the
 Homer City facilities.

 Hazardous
 Substances and Hazardous Waste Laws

 With respect to EME’s potential liabilities arising under
 CERCLA or similar laws for the investigation and remediation of
 contaminated property, EME accrues a liability to the extent the
 costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. Midwest
 Generation has accrued approximately $4 million at
 December 31, 2008 for estimated environmental investigation
 and remediation costs for the Illinois Plants. This estimate is
 based upon the number of sites, the scope of work and the
 estimated costs for investigation
 and/or
 remediation where such expenditures could be reasonably
 estimated. Future estimated costs may vary based on changes in
 regulations or requirements of federal, state, or local
 governmental agencies, changes in technology, and actual costs
 of disposal. In addition, future remediation costs will be
 affected by the nature and extent of contamination discovered at
 the sites that requires remediation. Given the prior history of
 the operations at its facilities, EME cannot be certain that the
 existence or extent of all contamination at its sites has been
 fully identified. However, based on available information,
 management believes that future costs in excess of the amounts
 disclosed on all known and quantifiable environmental
 contingencies will not be material to EME’s financial
 position.

 Water
 Quality Regulation

 Clean
 Water Act — Cooling Water Standards and
 Regulations

 EME has collected impingement and entrainment data at its
 potentially affected Midwest Generation facilities in Illinois
 to begin the process of determining what corrective actions
 might need to be taken under the

 31

Table of Contents

 previous rule. Because there are no defined compliance targets
 absent a new rule, EME is currently in the process of generally
 reviewing a wide range of possible control technologies.
 Although the rule to be generated in the new rulemaking process
 could have a material impact on EME’s operations, until the
 final compliance criteria have been published, EME cannot
 reasonably determine the financial impact.

 Illinois
 Effluent Water Quality Standards

 The Illinois EPA is considering the adoption of a rule that
 would impose stringent thermal and effluent water quality
 standards for the Chicago Area Waterway System and Lower Des
 Plaines River. Midwest Generation’s Fisk, Crawford, Joliet
 and Will County stations all use water from the affected
 waterways for cooling purposes and the rule, if implemented, is
 expected to affect the manner in with those stations use water
 for station cooling. See “Other Developments —
 Environmental Matters — Water Quality
 Regulation — State Water Quality Standards —
 Illinois” in the MD&A for more information.

 Coal
 Combustion Wastes

 US EPA regulations currently classify coal combustion wastes as
 solid wastes that are exempt from hazardous waste requirements
 under what is known as the Bevill Amendment. The exemption
 applies to fly ash, bottom, slag, and flue gas emission control
 wastes generated from the combustion of coal or other fossil
 fuels. The US EPA has studied coal combustion wastes extensively
 and in 2000 concluded that fossil fuel combustions wastes do not
 warrant regulation as a hazardous waste under Subtitle C of the
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. However, the US EPA also
 concluded, in 2000 and again in a 2007 Notice of Data
 Availability and request for public comment, that coal
 combustion wastes disposed of in surface impoundments and
 landfills, or used for minefill, do require regulation under
 Subtitle D (as solid wastes) under the Resource Conservation and
 Recovery Act. The current classification of coal combustion
 wastes as exempt from hazardous waste requirements enables
 beneficial uses of coal combustion wastes, such as for cement
 production and fill materials. The Illinois Plants currently
 sell a significant portion of their coal combustion wastes for
 beneficial uses.

 Legislation has been introduced in the U.S. House of
 Representatives and the US EPA is reviewing options for
 regulation of coal ash. The US EPA and many state regulatory
 agencies, including the Illinois EPA and the PADEP, are
 reviewing existing ash storage and disposal units and the
 adequacy of existing regulatory standards. EME is monitoring
 state legislative and regulatory activity, specifically in
 Illinois, Pennsylvania and West Virginia, but cannot predict the
 outcome of this activity.

 Additional regulation of the storage, disposal, and beneficial
 uses of coal combustion wastes would affect the costs and the
 manner in which EME conducts its business, and would likely
 require EME to make additional capital expenditures with no
 assurance that the increased costs could be recovered from
 customers.

 Employees
 of EME

 At December 31, 2008, EME and its subsidiaries employed
 1,889 people, including:

 •  

 approximately 746 employees at the Illinois Plants covered
 by a collective bargaining agreement governing wages, certain
 benefits and working conditions. This collective bargaining
 agreement will expire on December 31, 2009. Midwest
 Generation also has a separate collective bargaining agreement
 governing retirement, health care, disability and insurance
 benefits that expires on June 15, 2010; and

 •  

 approximately 193 employees at the Homer City facilities
 covered by a collective bargaining agreement governing wages,
 benefits and working conditions. This collective bargaining
 agreement will expire on December 31, 2012.

 Business
 of Edison Capital

 Edison Capital has investments worldwide in energy and
 infrastructure projects, including power generation, electric
 transmission and distribution, transportation, and
 telecommunications. Edison Capital also has investments in
 affordable housing projects located throughout the United States.

 32

Table of Contents

 At the end of 2005, the employees of Edison Capital were
 transferred to EME and a services agreement was executed
 effective December 26, 2005 to provide for intercompany
 charges for services provided by EME to Edison Capital. During
 December 2005, Edison Capital dividended a portion of its wind
 projects to its parent company, EMG. The projects were then
 contributed to EME. During the first half of 2006, Edison
 Capital made a dividend of its remaining wind projects to EMG,
 and the projects were subsequently contributed to EME.

 At the present time, no new investments are expected to be made
 by Edison Capital and the focus will be on managing the existing
 investment portfolio.

 Energy
 and Infrastructure Investments of Edison Capital

 Edison Capital’s energy and infrastructure investments are
 in the form of domestic and cross-border leveraged leases,
 partnership interests in international infrastructure funds and
 operating companies in the United States.

 Leveraged
 Leases

 As of December 31, 2008, Edison Capital is the lessor with
 an investment balance of $2.5 billion in the following
 leveraged leases:

 Investment

 Basic Lease

 Balance

 Transaction

 Asset

 Location

 Term Ends

 (In millions)

 Domestic Leases

 MCV • Midland Cogeneration

 Ventures, selling power to

 Consumers Energy

 Company

 1,500 MW gas-fired cogeneration plant

 Midland, Michigan

 2015

 $

  2

 Vidalia • selling power to Entergy Louisiana, City of
 Vidalia

 192 MW hydro power plant

 Vidalia, Louisiana

 2020

 $

  82

 Beaver Valley • selling power to Ohio Edison Company,

 Centerior Energy

 Corporation

 836 MW nuclear power plant

 Shippingport, Pennsylvania

 2017

 $

 66

 American Airlines

 3 Boeing 767 ER aircraft

 Domestic and
 international routes

 2016

 $

 50

 Cross-border Leases

 EPON • power generation company

 1,675 MW combined cycle, gas-fired
 power plant (3 of 5 units

 )

 Netherlands

 2016

 $

 432

 EPZ • consortium of

 government electric

 distribution companies

 580 MW coal/gas-fired power plant

 Netherlands

 2016

 $

 100

 ESKOM • government integrated utility

 4,110 MW coal-fired power plant 
 (3 of 6 units

 )

 South Africa

 2018

 $

 632

 ETSA • government

 integrated utility

 3,665 miles electric transmission system

 South Australia

 2022

 $

 303

 NV Nederlandse Spoorwegen
 • national rail authority

 40 electric locomotives

 Netherlands

 2011

 $

 39

 Swisscom • government 
 telecom utility

 Telecom conduit

 Switzerland

 2028

 $

 800

 The rent paid by the lessee is expected to cover debt payments
 and provide a profit to Edison Capital. As lessor, Edison
 Capital also claims the tax benefits, such as depreciation of
 the asset or amortization of lease payments and interest
 deductions. All regulatory, operating, maintenance, insurance
 and decommissioning costs are the responsibility of the lessees.
 The lessees’ performance is secured not only by the project
 assets,

 33

Table of Contents

 but also by other collateral that was valued as of
 December 31, 2008, in the aggregate at approximately
 $1.5 billion against $2.5 billion invested in
 leveraged leases. The lenders have a priority lien against the
 assets but the loans are non-recourse to Edison Capital. Edison
 Capital’s leveraged lease investments depend upon the
 performance of the asset, the lessee’s performance of its
 contract obligations, enforcement of remedies and sufficiency of
 the collateral in the event of default, and realization of tax
 benefits.

 Infrastructure
 Funds

 Edison Capital holds a minority interest as a limited partner in
 three separate funds that invest in infrastructure assets in
 Latin America, Asia and countries in Europe with emerging
 economies. Edison Capital is also a member of the investment
 committee of each fund. At December 31, 2008, Edison
 Capital had an investment balance of $12 million in the
 Latin America fund, $2 million in the Asia fund, and
 $19 million in the emerging Europe fund. As of
 December 31, 2008, Edison Capital did not have any
 additional investment commitments to these funds. The fund
 managers look to exit the investments on favorable terms which
 provide a return to the limited partners from appreciation in
 the value of the investment. The ability to exit investments on
 favorable terms depends upon many factors, including the
 economic conditions in each region, the performance of the
 asset, and whether there is a public or private market for these
 interests. For some fund investments there may also be foreign
 currency exchange rate risk.

 Affordable
 Housing Investments of Edison Capital

 At December 31, 2008, Edison Capital had a net investment
 of $7 million in approximately 313 affordable housing
 projects with approximately 25,000 units rented to
 qualifying low-income tenants in 35 states. These
 investments are usually in the form of majority interests in
 limited partnerships or limited liability companies. With a few
 exceptions, the projects are managed by third parties. For 105
 projects, Edison Capital has guaranteed a minimum return to the
 syndicated investor. Edison Capital retained a minority interest
 in, and continues to monitor, all of the syndicated investments.
 Edison Capital is entitled to low-income housing tax credits,
 depreciation and interest deductions, and a small percentage of
 cash generated from the projects. Edison Capital’s tax
 credits from these projects could be recaptured by the Internal
 Revenue Service if, among other things, the project fails to
 comply with the requirements of the tax credit program, costs
 are excluded from the eligible basis used to compute the amount
 of tax credits, or the project changes ownership through
 foreclosure. In most cases, Edison Capital is indemnified by the
 project manager (or parties related to it) against some losses,
 but there is no assurance of collecting against such
 indemnities. As of year-end 2008, Edison Capital had not
 experienced any significant recapture of tax credits from its
 affordable housing projects.

 Business
 Environment of Edison Capital

 Edison Capital’s investments may be affected by the
 financial condition of other parties, the performance of assets,
 regulatory, economic conditions and other business and legal
 factors. Information regarding the business environment of
 Edison Capital appears in the MD&A under the heading
 “EMG: Market Risk Exposure — Edison
 Capital’s Credit and Performance Risk.”

 Under tax allocation arrangements among Edison International and
 its subsidiaries, Edison Capital receives cash for federal and
 state tax benefits from its investments that are utilized on
 Edison International’s tax return. Information about Edison
 Capital’s tax allocation payments and tax exposures is
 contained in the MD&A under the heading “Edison
 Capital’s: Liquidity — Intercompany
 Tax-Allocation Payments” and “Other
 Developments — Federal Income Taxes.”

 34

Table of Contents



 Risks
 Relating to Edison International

 Edison
 International may be unable to meet its ongoing and future
 financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock
 if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or
 repay funds to Edison International.

 Edison International is a holding company and, as such, Edison
 International has no operations of its own. Edison
 International’s ability to meet its financial obligations
 and to pay dividends on its common stock at the current rate is
 primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of its
 subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to
 repay funds to Edison International. Prior to funding Edison
 International, Edison International’s subsidiaries have
 financial and regulatory obligations that must be satisfied,
 including, among others, debt service and preferred stock
 dividends. Financial market and economic conditions may have an
 adverse effect on Edison International’s subsidiaries. See
 “Risks Relating to SCE” and “Risks Relating to
 EME” below for further discussion.

 Edison
 International’s cash flows and earnings could be adversely
 affected by tax developments relating to Edison Capital’s
 lease transactions.

 Edison Capital entered into certain types of lease transactions
 which have been challenged by the Internal Revenue Service.
 Edison International is currently engaged in attempts to settle
 such challenges, but if it is unable to do so on acceptable
 terms and is not successful in its defense of the tax treatment
 of those transactions, the payment of taxes could have a
 significant impact on cash flows. Also, the adoption of changes
 in accounting policies relating to the accounting for leases
 could cause a material effect on reported earnings by requiring
 Edison International to reverse earnings previously recognized
 as a current period adjustment and to report these earnings over
 the remaining life of the leases. More information regarding the
 lease transactions is contained in the MD&A under the
 heading “Other Developments — Federal Income
 Taxes.”

 Edison
 International and its subsidiaries are subject to costs and
 other effects of legal proceedings as well as changes in or
 additions to applicable tax laws, rates or policies, rates of
 inflation, and accounting standards.

 Edison International and its subsidiaries are subject to costs
 and other effects of legal and administrative proceedings,
 settlements, investigations and claims, as well as the effect of
 new, or changes in, tax laws, rates or policies, rates of
 inflation and accounting standards.

 Edison
 International’s subsidiaries are subject to extensive
 environmental regulations that may involve significant and
 increasing costs and adversely affect them.

 Edison International’s subsidiaries are subject to
 extensive environmental regulation and permitting requirements
 that involve significant and increasing costs. SCE and EMG
 devote significant resources to environmental monitoring,
 pollution control equipment and emission allowances to comply
 with existing and anticipated environmental regulatory
 requirements. However, the current trend is toward more
 stringent standards, stricter regulation, and more expansive
 application of environmental regulations. The U.S. Congress
 is deliberating over competing proposals to regulate GHG
 emissions. In addition, the attorneys general of several states,
 including California, certain environmental advocacy groups, and
 numerous state regulatory agencies in the United States have
 been focusing considerable attention on GHG emissions from
 coal-fired power plants and their potential role in climate
 change. The adoption of laws and regulations to implement GHG
 controls could adversely affect operations, particularly of the
 coal-fired plants. The continued operation of SCE and EMG
 facilities, particularly the coal-fired facilities, may require
 substantial capital expenditures for environmental controls. In
 addition, future environmental laws and regulations, and future
 enforcement proceedings that may be taken by environmental
 authorities, could affect the costs and the manner in which
 these subsidiaries conduct business. Current and future state
 laws and regulations in California could increase

 35

Table of Contents

 the required amount of power that must be procured from
 renewable resources. Furthermore, changing environmental
 regulations could make some units uneconomical to maintain or
 operate. If the affected subsidiaries cannot comply with all
 applicable regulations, they could be required to retire or
 suspend operations at such facilities, or to restrict or modify
 the operations of these facilities, and their business, results
 of operations and financial condition could be adversely
 affected.

 Risks
 Relating to SCE

 SCE’s
 financial viability depends upon its ability to recover its
 costs in a timely manner from its customers through regulated
 rates.

 SCE is a regulated entity subject to CPUC jurisdiction in almost
 all aspects of its business, including the rates, terms and
 conditions of its services, procurement of electricity for its
 customers, issuance of securities, dispositions of utility
 assets and facilities and aspects of the siting and operations
 of its electricity distribution systems. SCE’s ongoing
 financial viability depends on its ability to recover from its
 customers in a timely manner its costs, including the costs of
 electricity purchased for its customers, in its CPUC-approved
 rates and its ability to pass through to its customers in rates
 its FERC-authorized revenue requirements. SCE’s financial
 viability also depends on its ability to recover in rates an
 adequate return on capital, including long-term debt and equity.
 If SCE is unable to recover any material amount of its costs in
 rates in a timely manner or recover an adequate return on
 capital, its financial condition and results of operations would
 be materially adversely affected.

 SCE’s
 energy procurement activities are subject to regulatory and
 market risks that could adversely affect its financial
 condition, liquidity, and earnings.

 SCE obtains energy, capacity, and ancillary services needed to
 serve its customers from its own generating plants and contracts
 with energy producers and sellers. California law and CPUC
 decisions allow SCE to recover in customer rates reasonable
 procurement costs incurred in compliance with an approved
 procurement plan. Nonetheless, SCE’s cash flows remain
 subject to volatility resulting from its procurement activities.
 In addition, SCE is subject to the risks of unfavorable or
 untimely CPUC decisions about the compliance of procurement
 activities with its procurement plan and the reasonableness of
 certain procurement-related costs.

 Many of SCE’s power purchase contracts are tied to market
 prices for natural gas. Some of its contracts also are subject
 to volatility in market prices for electricity. SCE seeks to
 hedge its market price exposure to the extent authorized by the
 CPUC. SCE may not be able to hedge its risk for commodities on
 favorable terms or fully recover the costs of hedges in rates,
 which could adversely affect SCE’s liquidity and results of
 operation.

 In its power purchase contracts and other procurement
 arrangements, SCE is exposed to risks from changes in the credit
 quality of its counterparties, many of whom may be adversely
 affected by the current conditions in the financial markets. If
 a counterparty were to default on its obligations, SCE could be
 exposed to potentially volatile spot markets for buying
 replacement power or selling excess power.

 SCE
 relies on access to the capital markets. If SCE were unable to
 access capital markets or the cost of capital were to
 substantially increase, its liquidity and operations could be
 adversely affected.

 SCE’s ability to make scheduled payments of principal and
 interest, refinance debt, and fund its operations and planned
 capital expenditure projects depends on its cash flow and access
 to the capital markets. SCE’s ability to arrange financing
 and the costs of such capital are dependent on numerous factors,
 including its levels of indebtedness, maintenance of acceptable
 credit ratings, its financial performance, liquidity and cash
 flow, and other market conditions. Market conditions which could
 adversely affect SCE’s financing costs and availability
 include:

 •  

 current financial market and economic conditions;

 •  

 market prices for electricity or gas;

 36

Table of Contents

 •  

 changes in interest rates and rates of inflation;

 •  

 terrorist attacks or the threat of terrorist attacks on
 SCE’s facilities or unrelated energy companies; and

 •  

 the overall health of the utility industry.

 SCE may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for
 these or other reasons. The failure to obtain additional capital
 from time to time may have a material adverse effect on
 SCE’s liquidity and operations.

 SCE is
 subject to extensive regulation and the risk of adverse
 regulatory decisions and changes in applicable regulations or
 legislation.

 SCE operates in a highly regulated environment. SCE’s
 business is subject to extensive federal, state and local
 energy, environmental and other laws and regulations. The CPUC
 regulates SCE’s retail operations, and the FERC regulates
 SCE’s wholesale operations. The NRC regulates SCE’s
 nuclear power plants. The construction, planning, and siting of
 SCE’s power plants and transmission lines in California are
 also subject to the jurisdiction of the California Energy
 Commission (for plants 50 MW or greater), and the CPUC. The
 construction, planning and siting of transmission lines that are
 outside of California are subject to the regulation of the
 relevant state agency. Additional regulatory authorities with
 jurisdiction over some of SCE’s operations and construction
 projects include the California Air Resources Board, the
 California State Water Resources Control Board, the California
 Department of Toxic Substances Control, the California Coastal
 Commission, the US EPA, the Bureau of Land Management, the
 U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services, the U.S. Forest
 Service, Regional Water Quality Boards, the Bureau of Indian
 Affairs, the United States Department of Energy, the NRC, and
 various local regulatory districts.

 SCE must periodically apply for licenses and permits from these
 various regulatory authorities and abide by their respective
 orders. Should SCE be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary
 licenses or permits or should these regulatory authorities
 initiate any investigations or enforcement actions or impose
 penalties or disallowances on SCE, SCE’s business could be
 adversely affected. Existing regulations may be revised or
 reinterpreted and new laws and regulations may be adopted or
 become applicable to SCE or SCE’s facilities in a manner
 that may have a detrimental effect on SCE’s business or
 result in significant additional costs because of SCE’s
 need to comply with those requirements.

 There
 are inherent risks associated with operating nuclear power
 generating facilities.

 Spent
 fuel storage capacity could be insufficient to permit long-term
 operation of SCE’s nuclear plants.

 SCE operates and is majority owner of San Onofre and is
 part owner of Palo Verde. The United States Department of Energy
 has defaulted on its obligation to begin accepting spent nuclear
 fuel from commercial nuclear industry participants by
 January 31, 1998. If SCE or the operator of Palo Verde were
 unable to arrange and maintain sufficient capacity for interim
 spent-fuel storage now or in the future, it could hinder
 operation of the plants and impair the value of SCE’s
 ownership interests until storage could be obtained, each of
 which may have a material adverse effect on SCE.

 Existing
 insurance and ratemaking arrangements may not protect SCE fully
 against losses from a nuclear incident.

 Federal law limits public liability claims from a nuclear
 incident to the amount of available financial protection which
 is currently approximately $12.5 billion. SCE and other
 owners of the San Onofre and Palo Verde nuclear generating
 stations have purchased the maximum private primary insurance
 available of $300 million per site. If the public liability
 limit above is insufficient, federal law contemplates that
 additional funds may be appropriated by Congress. This could
 include an additional assessment on all licensed reactor
 operators as a measure for raising further revenue. If this were
 to occur, a tension could exist between the federal
 government’s attempt to impose revenue-raising measures
 upon SCE and the CPUC’s willingness to allow SCE to pass
 this liability along to its customers, resulting in
 undercollection of SCE’s costs. There can be no assurance
 of SCE’s ability to recover uninsured costs in the event
 federal appropriations are insufficient.

 37

Table of Contents

 SCE’s
 financial condition and results of operations could be
 materially adversely affected if it is unable to successfully
 manage the risks inherent in operating and improving its
 facilities.

 SCE owns and operates extensive electricity facilities that are
 interconnected to the United States western electricity grid.
 SCE is also undertaking large-scale new infrastructure
 construction. The construction of infrastructure involves
 numerous risks, including risks related to permitting,
 governmental approvals, and construction delays. The operation
 of SCE’s facilities and the facilities of third parties on
 which it relies involves numerous risks, including:

 •  

 operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or
 other regulatory requirements;

 •  

 imposition of operational performance standards by agencies with
 regulatory oversight of SCE’s facilities;

 •  

 environmental and personal injury liabilities caused by the
 operation of SCE’s facilities;

 •  

 interruptions in fuel supply;

 •  

 blackouts;

 •  

 employee work force factors, including strikes, work stoppages
 or labor disputes;

 •  

 weather, storms, earthquakes, fires, floods or other natural
 disasters;

 •  

 acts of terrorism; and

 •  

 explosions, accidents, mechanical breakdowns and other events
 that affect demand, result in power outages, reduce generating
 output or cause damage to SCE’s assets or operations or
 those of third parties on which it relies.

 The occurrence of any of these events could result in lower
 revenues or increased expenses and liabilities, or both, which
 may not be fully recovered through insurance, rates or other
 means in a timely manner or at all.

 SCE’s
 insurance coverage may not be sufficient under all circumstances
 and SCE may not be able to obtain sufficient
 insurance.

 SCE’s insurance may not be sufficient or effective under
 all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to
 which it may be subject. A loss for which SCE is not fully
 insured could materially and adversely affect SCE’s
 financial condition and results of operations. Further, due to
 rising insurance costs and changes in the insurance markets,
 insurance coverage may not continue to be available at all or at
 rates or on terms similar to those presently available to SCE.

 Risks
 Relating to EME

 The
 global financial crisis may have a material adverse impact on
 EME’s access to capital necessary to fund contractual
 obligations and the ability of EME’s counterparties to
 perform their contractual obligations.

 Financial market and economic conditions have had, and may
 continue to have, an adverse effect on EME’s business and
 financial condition. The capital markets were not available to
 EME during the fourth quarter of 2008, and market uncertainty
 has continued into 2009. EME’s ability to raise capital has
 been, and could continue to be, adversely affected by volatile
 and unpredictable global market and economic conditions. Even
 after the capital markets recover, recent disruptions in the
 credit markets may have lasting effects on the availability of
 credit, cost of borrowing, and terms and conditions of new
 borrowings.

 In September 2008, Lehman Commercial Paper Inc., a lender in
 EME’s credit agreement representing a commitment of
 $36 million, declined requests for funding under that
 agreement. Thereafter, in October 2008, it filed for bankruptcy
 protection. While the Lehman Commercial Paper bankruptcy is not
 expected to have a material adverse effect on EME, the situation
 may worsen if other lenders under the credit agreement file for
 bankruptcy or otherwise fail to perform their obligations.

 38

Table of Contents

 Liquidity is essential to EME’s business. EME cannot
 provide assurance that its projected sources of capital will be
 available when needed or that its actual cash requirements will
 not be greater than expected. Lack of available capital may
 affect EME’s ability to complete environmental improvements
 of the Illinois Plants as prescribed by the CPS, which could
 lead to the eventual shutdown of a material part of the Illinois
 Plants. Lack of available capital could also affect EME’s
 ability to complete the development of sites for renewable
 projects deploying current turbine commitments, which could lead
 to postponement or cancellation of the turbine commitments
 subject to the provisions of the related contracts. In addition
 to the potential effect on EME’s liquidity, the global
 financial crisis could have a negative effect on the markets in
 which EME and its subsidiaries sell power, purchase fuel and
 perform other trading and marketing activities. In recent years,
 global financial institutions have been active participants in
 such markets. As such financial institutions consolidate and
 operate under more restrictive capital constraints in response
 to the financial crisis, there could be less liquidity in the
 energy and commodity markets, which could have a negative effect
 on EME’s ability to hedge and transact with creditworthy
 counterparties. In addition, EME is exposed to the risk that its
 counterparties, including customers, suppliers and business
 partners, may fail to perform according to the terms of their
 contractual arrangements. Deterioration in the financial
 condition of EME’s counterparties as a result of the global
 financial crisis, and the resulting failure to pay amounts owed
 or to perform obligations in excess of posted collateral, could
 have a negative effect on EME’s business and financial
 condition.

 EME
 has substantial interests in merchant energy power plants which
 are subject to market risks related to wholesale energy
 prices.

 EME’s merchant energy power plants do not have long-term
 power purchase agreements. Because the output of these power
 plants is not committed to be sold under long-term contracts,
 these projects are subject to market forces which determine the
 amount and price of energy, capacity and ancillary services sold
 from the power plants. The factors that influence the market
 price for energy, capacity and ancillary services include:

 •  

 prevailing market prices for coal, natural gas and fuel oil, and
 associated transportation;

 •  

 the extent of additional supplies of capacity, energy and
 ancillary services from current competitors or new market
 entrants, including the development of new generation facilities
 or technologies that may be able to produce electricity at a
 lower cost than EME’s generating facilities
 and/or
 increased access by competitors to EME’s markets as a
 result of transmission upgrades;

 •  

 transmission congestion in and to each market area and the
 resulting differences in prices between delivery points;

 •  

 the market structure rules established for each market area and
 regulatory developments affecting the market areas, including
 any price limitations and other mechanisms adopted to address
 volatility or illiquidity in these markets or the physical
 stability of the system;

 •  

 the ability of regional pools to pay market participants’
 settlement prices for energy and related products;

 •  

 the cost and availability of emission credits or allowances;

 •  

 the availability, reliability and operation of competing power
 generation facilities, including nuclear generating plants where
 applicable, and the extended operation of such facilities beyond
 their presently expected dates of decommissioning;

 •  

 weather conditions prevailing in surrounding areas from time to
 time; and

 •  

 changes in the demand for electricity or in patterns of
 electricity usage as a result of factors such as regional
 economic conditions and the implementation of conservation
 programs.

 In addition, unlike most other commodities, electric power can
 only be stored on a very limited basis and generally must be
 produced concurrently with its use. As a result, the wholesale
 power markets are subject to significant and unpredictable price
 fluctuations over relatively short periods of time. There is no
 assurance that EME’s merchant energy power plants will be
 successful in selling power into their markets or that the
 prices received for their power will generate positive cash
 flows. If EME’s merchant energy power plants do not

 39

Table of Contents

 meet these objectives, they may not be able to generate enough
 cash to service their own debt and lease obligations, which
 could have a material adverse effect on EME.

 EME’s
 financial results can be affected by changes in fuel prices,
 fuel transportation cost increases, and interruptions in fuel
 supply.

 EME’s business is subject to changes in fuel costs, which
 may negatively affect its financial results and financial
 position by increasing the cost of producing power. The fuel
 markets can be volatile, and actual fuel prices can differ from
 EME’s expectations.

 Although EME attempts to purchase fuel based on its known fuel
 requirements, it is still subject to the risks of supply
 interruptions, transportation cost increases, and fuel price
 volatility. In addition, fuel deliveries may not exactly match
 energy sales, due in part to the need to purchase fuel
 inventories in advance for reliability and dispatch
 requirements. The price at which EME can sell its energy may not
 rise or fall at the same rate as a corresponding rise or fall in
 fuel costs.

 EME
 may not be able to hedge market risks effectively.

 EME is exposed to market risks through its ownership and
 operation of merchant energy power plants and through its power
 marketing business. These market risks include, among others,
 volatility arising from the timing differences associated with
 buying fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy
 to a buyer. EME uses forward contracts and derivative financial
 instruments, such as futures contracts and options, to manage
 market risks and exposure to fluctuating electricity and fuel
 prices. However, EME cannot provide assurance that these
 strategies successfully mitigate market risks.

 EME may not cover the entire exposure of its assets or positions
 to market price volatility, and the level of coverage will vary
 over time. Fluctuating commodity prices may negatively affect
 EME’s financial results to the extent that assets and
 positions have not been hedged.

 The effectiveness of EME’s hedging activities may depend on
 the amount of working capital available to post as collateral in
 support of these transactions, either in support of performance
 guarantees or as a cash margin. The amount of credit support
 that must be provided typically is based on the difference
 between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the
 market price of the commodity. Significant movements in market
 prices can result in a requirement to provide cash collateral
 and letters of credit in very large amounts. Without adequate
 liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, EME could
 be exposed to the following:

 •  

 a reduction in the number of counterparties willing to enter
 into bilateral contracts, which would result in increased
 reliance on short-term and spot markets instead of bilateral
 contracts, increasing EME’s exposure to market
 volatility; and

 •  

 a failure to meet a margining requirement, which could permit
 the counterparty to terminate the related bilateral contract
 early and demand immediate payment for the replacement value of
 the contract.

 As a result of these and other factors, EME cannot predict the
 effect that risk management decisions may have on its
 businesses, operating results or financial position.

 EME’s
 development projects or future acquisitions may not be
 successful.

 EME’s future financial condition, results of operation and
 cash flows will depend in large part upon its ability to
 successfully implement its long-term strategy, which includes
 the development and acquisition of electric power generation
 facilities, with an emphasis on renewable energy (primarily wind
 and solar) and gas-fired power plants. EME may be unable to
 identify attractive acquisition or development opportunities
 and/or to
 complete and integrate them on a successful and timely basis.
 Furthermore, implementation of this strategy may be affected by
 factors beyond EME’s control, such as increased
 competition, legal and regulatory developments, price volatility
 in electric or fuel markets, and general economic conditions.

 40

Table of Contents

 In support of its development activities, EME has entered into
 commitments to purchase wind turbines for future projects and
 may make substantial additional commitments in the future. In
 addition, EME expends significant amounts for preliminary
 engineering, permitting, legal and other expenses before it can
 determine whether it will win a competitive bid, or whether a
 project is feasible or economically attractive.

 Historically, wind projects have received federal subsidies in
 the form of production tax credits. Currently, production tax
 credits are available for new wind projects placed in service by
 December 31, 2012. If the deadline for production tax
 credits is not extended again, EME’s development activities
 related to wind projects slated for completion after
 December 31, 2012, could be adversely affected.

 EME’s development activities are subject to risks
 including, without limitation, risks related to project siting,
 financing, construction, permitting, governmental approvals and
 the negotiation of project agreements, including power-purchase
 agreements. Moreover, recent economic conditions may affect the
 willingness of local utilities to enter into new power-purchase
 agreements due to uncertainties over future load requirements,
 among other factors. As a result of these risks, EME may not be
 successful in developing new projects or the timing of such
 development may be delayed beyond the date that turbines are
 ready for installation. Projects under development may be
 adversely affected by delays in turbine deliveries or
 start-up
 problems related to turbine performance. If a project under
 development is abandoned, EME would expense all capitalized
 development costs incurred in connection with that project, and
 could incur additional losses associated with any related
 contingent liabilities. If EME is not successful in developing
 new projects, it may be required to cancel turbine orders, or
 sell turbines that were purchased and such cancellation

and/or sales
 may result in substantial losses.

 Finally, EME cannot provide assurance that its development
 projects or acquired assets will generate sufficient cash flow
 to support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the
 capital expenditures needed to develop them, or that EME will
 ultimately realize a satisfactory rate of return.

 A
 substantial portion of wind turbines purchased by EME may not
 perform as expected during
 start-up or
 operations, thereby adversely affecting the expected return on
 investment.

 EME has purchased a significant number of wind turbines in
 support of its renewable energy activities. The turbines of one
 turbine manufacturer have experienced rotor blade cracks, and
 the turbines of another turbine manufacturer have also
 experienced blade problems. EME cannot provide assurance that
 repairs or replacements of the affected turbines will be timely
 or effective or that expected performance levels will be
 achieved. Significant delays in meeting commercial operation
 deadlines
 and/or
 reductions in project output could subject projects to damages
 under their power purchase agreements and, potentially, the risk
 of termination under some agreements. Turbine problems have also
 impacted EME’s ability to secure project financing for
 these projects. EME cannot predict at this time the amount of
 damages that will be recovered by EME from the turbine
 suppliers. Furthermore, limited data is presently available
 regarding the performance of new wind turbines of a size over
 2 MW over an extended period of time. Accordingly, EME
 cannot provide assurance that it will earn its expected return
 over the life of the projects.

 Competition
 could adversely affect EME’s business.

 The independent power industry is characterized by numerous
 capable competitors, some of whom may have more extensive
 experience in the acquisition and development of power projects,
 larger staffs, and greater financial resources than EME. Several
 participants in the wholesale markets, including many regulated
 utilities, have a lower cost of capital than most merchant
 generators and often are able to recover fixed costs through
 rate base mechanisms, allowing them to build, buy and upgrade
 generation assets without relying exclusively on market clearing
 prices to recover their investments. This could affect
 EME’s ability to compete effectively in the markets in
 which those entities operate.

 Newer plants owned by EME’s competitors are often more
 efficient than EME’s facilities. This may put some of
 EME’s facilities at a competitive disadvantage to the
 extent that its competitors are able to produce more power from
 each increment of fuel than EME’s merchant facilities are
 capable of producing. Over time, some

 41

Table of Contents

 of EME’s facilities may become obsolete in their markets,
 or be unable to compete, because of the construction of newer,
 more efficient power plants.

 In addition to the competition already existing in the markets
 in which EME presently operates or may consider operating in the
 future, EME is likely to encounter significant competition as a
 result of further consolidation of the power industry by mergers
 and asset reallocations, which could create larger competitors,
 as well as new market entrants. In addition, regulatory
 initiatives may result in changes in the power industry to which
 EME may not be able to respond in as timely and effective manner
 as its competitors.

 EME’s
 projects may be affected by general operating risks and hazards
 customary in the power generation industry. EME may not have
 adequate insurance to cover all these hazards.

 The operation of power generation facilities involves many
 operating risks, including:

 •  

 performance below expected levels of output, efficiency or
 availability;

 •  

 interruptions in fuel supply;

 •  

 disruptions in the transmission of electricity;

 •  

 curtailment of operations due to transmission constraints;

 •  

 breakdown or failure of equipment or processes;

 •  

 imposition of new regulatory, permitting, or environmental
 requirements, or violations of existing requirements;

 •  

 employee work force factors, including strikes, work stoppages
 or labor disputes;

 •  

 operator/contractor error; and

 •  

 catastrophic events such as terrorist activities, fires,
 tornadoes, earthquakes, explosions, floods or other similar
 occurrences affecting power generation facilities or the
 transmission and distribution infrastructure over which power is
 transported.

 These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or
 loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property,
 plant and equipment, contamination of or damage to the
 environment, and suspension of operations. The occurrence of one
 or more of the events listed above could decrease or eliminate
 revenues generated by EME’s projects or significantly
 increase the costs of operating them, and could also result in
 EME’s being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting
 claims for substantial damages, potentially including
 environmental cleanup costs, personal injury, property damage,
 fines and penalties. Equipment and plant warranties, guarantees
 and insurance may not be sufficient or effective under all
 circumstances to cover lost revenues or increased expenses. A
 decrease or elimination in revenues generated by the facilities
 or an increase in the costs of operating them could decrease or
 eliminate funds available to meet EME’s obligations as they
 become due and could have a material adverse effect on EME. A
 default under a financing obligation of a project entity could
 result in a loss of EME’s interest in the project.

 EME is
 subject to extensive environmental regulation and permitting
 requirements that may involve significant and increasing
 costs.

 EME’s operations are subject to extensive environmental
 regulations with respect to, among other things, air quality,
 water quality, waste disposal, and noise. EME is required to
 obtain, and comply with conditions established by, licenses,
 permits and other approvals, in order to construct, operate or
 modify its facilities. Failure to comply with these requirements
 could subject EME to civil or criminal liability, the imposition
 of liens or fines, or actions by regulatory agencies seeking to
 curtail EME’s operations. See “— Risks
 relating to Edison International — Edison
 International’s subsidiaries are subject to extensive
 environmental regulations that may involve significant and
 increasing costs and adversely affect them” above for
 additional discussion of environmental regulation risks.

 42

Table of Contents

 EME is
 subject to extensive energy industry regulation.

 EME’s operations are subject to extensive regulation by
 governmental agencies. EME’s projects are subject to
 federal laws and regulations that govern, among other things,
 transactions by and with purchasers of power, including utility
 companies, the development and construction of generation
 facilities, the ownership and operations of generation
 facilities, and access to transmission. Under limited
 circumstances where exclusive federal jurisdiction is not
 applicable or specific exemptions or waivers from state or
 federal laws or regulations are otherwise unavailable, federal
 and/or state
 utility regulatory commissions may have broad jurisdiction over
 non-utility owned electric power plants. Generation facilities
 are also subject to federal, state and local laws and
 regulations that govern, among other things, the geographical
 location, zoning, land use and operation of a project.

 The FERC may impose various forms of market mitigation measures,
 including price caps and operating restrictions, where it
 determines that potential market power might exist and that the
 public interest requires mitigation. In addition, many of
 EME’s facilities are subject to rules, restrictions and
 terms of participation imposed and administered by various RTOs
 and ISOs. For example, ISOs and RTOs may impose bidding and
 scheduling rules, both to curb the potential exercise of market
 power and to facilitate market functions. Such actions may
 materially affect EME’s results of operations.

 There is no assurance that the introduction of new laws or other
 future regulatory developments will not have a material adverse
 effect on EME’s business, results of operations or
 financial condition, nor is there any assurance that EME will be
 able to obtain and comply with all necessary licenses, permits
 and approvals for its projects. If projects cannot comply with
 all applicable regulations, EME’s business, results of
 operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

 EME
 and its subsidiaries have a substantial amount of indebtedness,
 including long-term lease obligations.

 As of December 31, 2007, EME’s consolidated debt was
 $3.8 billion. In addition, EME’s subsidiaries have
 $3.9 billion of long-term power plant lease obligations
 that are due over a period ranging up to 27 years. The
 substantial amount of consolidated debt and financial
 obligations presents the risk that EME and its subsidiaries
 might not have sufficient cash to service their indebtedness or
 long-term lease obligations and that the existing corporate
 debt, project debt and lease obligations could limit the ability
 of EME and its subsidiaries to grow their business, to compete
 effectively or to operate successfully under adverse economic
 conditions or to plan for and react to business and industry
 changes. If EME’s or a subsidiary’s cash flows and
 capital resources were insufficient to allow it to make
 scheduled payments on its debt, EME or its subsidiaries might
 have to reduce or delay capital expenditures (including
 environmental improvements required by the CPS, which could in
 turn lead to unit shutdowns), sell assets, seek additional
 capital, or restructure or refinance the debt. The terms of
 EME’s or its subsidiaries’ debt may not allow these
 alternative measures, the debt or equity may not be available on
 acceptable terms, and these alternative measures may not satisfy
 all scheduled debt service obligations.

 In addition, in connection with the entry into new financings or
 amendments to existing financing arrangements, EME’s
 financial and operational flexibility may be further reduced as
 a result of more restrictive covenants, requirements for
 security and other terms that are often imposed on
 sub-investment grade entities.

 Restrictions
 in the instruments governing EME’s indebtedness and the
 indebtedness and lease obligations of its subsidiaries limit
 EME’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to enter into
 specified transactions that EME or they otherwise may enter
 into.

 The instruments governing EME’s indebtedness and the
 indebtedness of its subsidiaries contain financial and
 investment covenants. Restrictions contained in these documents
 or documents EME or its subsidiaries enter in the future could
 affect, and in some cases significantly limit or prohibit,
 EME’s ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among
 other things, incur, refinance, and prepay debt, make capital
 expenditures, pay dividends and make other distributions, make
 investments, create liens, sell assets, enter into sale and
 leaseback transactions, issue equity interests, enter into
 transactions with affiliates, create restrictions on the

 43

Table of Contents

 ability to pay dividends or make other distributions and engage
 in mergers and consolidations. These restrictions may
 significantly impede EME’s ability and the ability of its
 subsidiaries to take advantage of business opportunities as they
 arise, to grow its business or to compete effectively. In
 addition, these restrictions may significantly impede the
 ability of EME’s subsidiaries to make distributions to EME.

 The
 creditworthiness of EME’s customers, suppliers,
 transporters and other business partners could affect EME’s
 business and operations.

 EME is exposed to risks associated with the creditworthiness of
 its key customers, suppliers and business partners, many of whom
 may be adversely affected by the current conditions in the
 financial markets. Deterioration in the financial condition of
 EME’s counterparties increases the possibility that EME may
 incur losses from the failure of counterparties to perform
 according to the terms of their contractual arrangements.

 EME’s operations depend on contracts for the supply and
 transportation of fuel and other services required for the
 operation of its generation facilities and are exposed to the
 risk that counterparties to contracts will not perform their
 obligations. If a fuel supplier or transporter failed to perform
 under a contract, EME would need to obtain alternate supplies or
 transportation, which could result in higher costs or
 disruptions in its operations. If the defaulting counterparty is
 in poor financial condition, damages related to a breach of
 contract may not be recoverable. Accordingly, the failure of
 counterparties to fulfill their contractual obligations could
 have a material adverse effect on EME’s financial results.

 The
 accounting for EME’s hedging and proprietary trading
 activities may increase the volatility of its quarterly and
 annual financial results.

 EME engages in hedging activities in order to mitigate its
 exposure to market risk with respect to electricity sales from
 its generation facilities, fuel utilized by those facilities and
 emission allowances. EME generally attempts to balance its
 fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales
 commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of
 performance and delivery obligations through the use of
 financial and physical derivative contracts. EME also uses
 derivative contracts with respect to its limited proprietary
 trading activities, through which EME attempts to achieve
 incremental returns by transacting where it has specific market
 expertise. These derivative contracts are recorded on its
 balance sheet at fair value pursuant to SFAS No. 133.
 Some of these derivative contracts do not qualify under
 SFAS No. 133 for hedge accounting, and changes in
 their fair value are therefore recognized currently in earnings
 as unrealized gains or losses. As a result, EME’s financial
 results will at times be volatile and subject to fluctuations in
 value primarily due to changes in electricity prices.

 44

Table of Contents