RISKS RELATING TO EDISON INTERNATIONAL
Edison International's liquidity and ability to pay dividends depends on its ability to borrow funds, access to bank and capital markets, monetization of tax benefits held by Edison International, and SCE's ability to pay dividends and tax allocation payments to Edison International. Edison International is a holding company and, as such, it has no material operations of its own. Edison International's ability to meet its financial obligations, make investments, and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the earnings and cash flows of SCE and SCE's ability to make upstream distributions. If SCE does not make upstream distributions to Edison International and Edison International is unable to access the bank and capital markets on reasonable terms, Edison International may be unable to continue to pay dividends to its shareholders or meet its financial obligations.
Prior to paying dividends to Edison International, SCE has financial and regulatory obligations that must be satisfied, including, among others, debt service and preference stock dividends. Further, SCE and Edison International cannot pay dividends if California law requirements for the declaration of dividends are not met. For information on CPUC and California law requirements related to the declaration of dividends, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—SCE Dividends" in the MD&A. SCE may also owe tax-allocation payments to Edison International under applicable tax-allocation agreements.
Edison International's ability to obtain financing, as well as its ability to refinance debt and make scheduled payments of principal and interest, are dependent on numerous factors, including its levels of indebtedness, maintenance of acceptable credit ratings, financial performance, liquidity and cash flow, and other market conditions. In addition, the factors affecting SCE's business will impact Edison International's ability to obtain financing. Edison International's inability to borrow funds from time to time could have a material effect on Edison International's liquidity and operations.
See "Risks Relating to Southern California Edison Company" below for further discussion.

RISKS RELATING TO SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY

Regulatory and Legislative Risks
SCE's financial results depend upon its ability to recover its costs and to earn a reasonable rate of return on capital investments in a timely manner from its customers through regulated rates.

44

Table of Contents

SCE's ongoing financial results depend on its ability to recover its costs from its customers, including the costs of electricity purchased for its customers, through the rates it charges its customers as approved by the CPUC and FERC. SCE's financial results also depend on its ability to earn a reasonable return on capital, including long-term debt and equity. SCE's ability to recover its costs and earn a reasonable rate of return can be affected by many factors, including the time lag between when costs are incurred and when those costs are recovered in customers' rates and differences between the forecast or authorized costs embedded in rates (which are set on a prospective basis) and the amount of actual costs incurred. The CPUC or the FERC may not allow SCE to recover costs on the basis that such costs were not reasonably or prudently incurred or for other reasons. Further, SCE may incur expenses before the relevant regulatory agency approves the recovery of such costs. For example, SCE expects to incur wildfire mitigation expenses and increased labor and material costs due to supply chain constraints and elevated levels of inflation before it is clear whether such costs will be recoverable from customers. Also, the CPUC may deny recovery of costs incurred by SCE, including uninsured wildfire-related costs and costs related to its new customer service system, if the CPUC determines that SCE was not prudent. In addition, while SCE supports California's environmental goals, it may be prevented from fully executing on its strategy to support such goals by regulatory delay or lack of approval of cost-recovery for the costs of such strategic actions and electrification programs from the relevant regulatory agencies.
SCE's authorized return on investment is established by multiplying an authorized rate of return, determined by the CPUC in standalone cost of capital proceedings, by SCE's authorized CPUC rate base. SCE's CPUC-authorized cost of capital is subject to potential adjustment should interest rates move substantially in years between cost of capital proceedings. For further information on the cost of capital mechanism see "Management Overview—2021 Cost of Capital Application" in the MD&A.
SCE's capital investment plan, increasing procurement of renewable power and energy storage, inflation, commodity price volatility, increasing environmental regulations, currently leveling demand, and the cumulative impact of other public policy requirements, collectively place continuing upward pressure on customer rates. If SCE is unable to obtain a sufficient rate increase or modify its rate design to recover its costs (and an adequate return on capital) in rates in a timely manner, its financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected.
SCE is subject to extensive regulation and the risk of adverse regulatory and legislative decisions, delays in regulatory or legislative decisions, and changes in applicable regulations or legislation.

SCE operates in a highly regulated environment. SCE's business is subject to extensive federal, state and local energy, environmental and other laws and regulations. Among other things, the CPUC regulates SCE's retail rates and capital structure, and the FERC regulates SCE's wholesale rates. The NRC regulates the decommissioning of San Onofre in addition to the local and state agencies that require permits. The construction, planning, and siting of SCE's power plants, energy storage projects, and transmission lines in California are also subject to regulation by the CPUC and other local, state and federal agencies.
SCE must periodically apply for licenses and permits from these various regulatory authorities, including environmental regulatory authorities, and abide by their respective orders. Should SCE be unsuccessful in obtaining necessary licenses or permits or should these regulatory authorities initiate any investigations or enforcement actions or impose fines, penalties or disallowances on SCE, SCE may be prevented from executing its strategy and its business could be materially affected. The process of obtaining licenses and permits from regulatory authorities may be delayed or defeated by opponents and such delay or defeat could have a material effect on SCE's business.
To the extent the Wildfire Insurance Fund and other provisions of AB 1054 do not effectively mitigate the significant risk faced by California investor-owned utilities related to liability for damages arising from catastrophic wildfires where utility facilities are a substantial cause, not achieving a more comprehensive solution could have a detrimental effect on SCE's business and financial condition. The effectiveness of AB 1054 to mitigate the wildfire-related risk faced by SCE is conditioned in part on the performance of OEIS and various entities formed under AB 1054 and related legislation to, 

45

Table of Contents

among other things, administer the Wildfire Insurance Fund, approve WMPs, issue safety certifications, oversee and enforce compliance with wildfire safety standards, and develop metrics to reduce risk and measure compliance with risk reduction. In addition, CPUC approval is required to recover the costs SCE is incurring to strengthen its wildfire mitigation and prevention efforts described in SCE's WMPs. See "Business—Southern California Wildfires" and "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Regulatory Proceedings——Wildfire Related Regulatory Proceedings" in the MD&A.
In addition, existing regulations may be revised or re-interpreted and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to SCE, or its facilities or operations, in a manner that may have a detrimental effect on SCE's business or result in significant additional costs. In addition, regulations adopted via the public initiative or legislative process may apply to SCE, or its facilities or operations, in a manner that may have a detrimental effect on SCE's business or result in significant additional costs.
SCE's energy procurement activities are subject to regulatory and market risks that could materially affect its financial condition and liquidity.

SCE obtains energy, capacity, environmental credits and ancillary services needed to serve its customers from its own generating plants and through contracts with energy producers and sellers. California law and CPUC decisions allow SCE to recover, through the rates it is allowed to charge its customers, reasonable procurement costs incurred in compliance with an approved procurement plan. Nonetheless, SCE's cash flows remain subject to volatility primarily resulting from changes in commodity prices, including as a result of gas supply constraints. Additionally, significant and prolonged gas use restrictions may adversely impact the reliability of the electric grid if critical generation resources are limited in their operations. For further information, see "Business—SCE—Purchased Power and Fuel Supply." SCE is also subject to the risks of unfavorable or untimely CPUC decisions about the compliance with SCE's procurement plan and the reasonableness of certain procurement-related costs.
SCE may not be able to hedge its risk for commodities on economic terms or fully recover the costs of hedges through the rates it is allowed to charge its customers, which could materially affect SCE's liquidity and results of operations, see "Market Risk Exposures" in the MD&A.

Operating Risks
Damage claims against SCE for wildfire-related losses may materially affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations.

Prolonged drought conditions and shifting weather patterns in California resulting from climate change as well as, among other things, buildup of dry vegetation in areas severely impacted by years of historic drought and lack of adequate clearing of hazardous fuels by responsible parties have increased the duration of the wildfire season and the risk of severe wildfire events.
Severe wildfires and increased urban development in high fire risk areas in California have given rise to large damage claims against California utilities for fire-related losses alleged to be the result of utility practices and/or the failure of electric and other utility equipment. Catastrophic wildfires can occur in SCE's service territory even if SCE effectively implements its WMPs. California courts have previously found utilities to be strictly liable for property damage, regardless of fault, by applying the theory of inverse condemnation when a utility's facilities were determined to be a substantial cause of a wildfire that caused the property damage. The rationale generally stated by these courts for applying this theory to investor-owned utilities is that property losses resulting from a public improvement, such as the distribution of electricity, can be spread across the larger community that benefited from such improvement. However, in November 2017, the CPUC issued a decision denying an investor-owned utility's request to include in its rates uninsured wildfire-related costs arising from several 2007 fires, finding that the investor-owned utility did not prudently manage 

46

Table of Contents

and operate its facilities prior to or at the outset of the 2007 wildfires. An inability to recover uninsured wildfire-related costs could materially affect SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, if SCE is found liable for damages related to catastrophic wildfires, including the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, and is unable to, or believes that it will be unable to, recover those damages through insurance, the Wildfire Insurance Fund (which is only available for fires ignited after July 12, 2019) or electric rates, or access the bank and capital markets on reasonable terms, SCE may not have sufficient cash or equity to pay dividends or may be restricted from declaring such dividends because it does not meet CPUC or California law requirements related to the declaration of dividends. For information on the California law requirements on the declaration of dividends, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—SCE Dividends" in the MD&A. Also see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides."
Edison International's and SCE's costs of accessing capital markets has increased due to the risks associated with wildfires in Southern California. Edison International's and SCE's access to the bank and capital markets could also be constrained and/or the costs of accessing those markets could increase further as a result of wildfire risk, including if Edison International's and/or SCE's credit ratings are downgraded or placed on negative watch due to concerns about Edison International and/or SCE's financial health as a result of wildfires.
SCE's insurance coverage for wildfires arising from its ordinary operations may not be sufficient.

Edison International has experienced increased costs and difficulties in obtaining insurance coverage for wildfires that could arise in connection with SCE's ordinary operations. Edison International, SCE and its contractors may experience coverage reductions and/or increased wildfire insurance costs in future years. No assurance can be given that losses will not exceed the limits of SCE's or its contractors' insurance coverage. SCE may not be able to recover uninsured losses and increases in the cost of insurance in electric rates. Losses which are not fully insured or cannot be recovered through the Wildfire Insurance Fund or electric rates could materially affect Edison International's and SCE's financial condition and results of operations. For more information on wildfire insurance risk, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides."
SCE may not effectively implement its wildfire mitigation plans.
SCE will face a higher likelihood of catastrophic wildfires in its service territory if it cannot effectively implement its WMPs. For example, SCE may not be able to effectively implement its WMPs if it experiences unanticipated difficulties relative to sourcing, engaging, and retaining effectively trained contract workers or procuring materials it needs to fulfill its mitigation obligations under the WMPs. In addition, if SCE does not have an approved WMP, SCE will not be issued a safety certification from the CPUC and will consequently not benefit from the presumption of prudency or the AB 1054 Liability Cap.
The CPUC may assess penalties on SCE if it finds that SCE has failed to substantially comply with its WMP. In addition, SCE may be subject to mandated changes to, or restrictions on, its operational PSPS practices, regulatory fines and penalties, claims for damages and reputational harm if SCE does not execute PSPS in compliance with applicable rules and regulations or if it is determined that SCE has placed excessive or unreasonable reliance on PSPS.
SCE establishes the criteria under which it implements PSPS in its territory. To the extent SCE's criteria for implementing PSPS are not sufficient to mitigate the risk of wildfires during high wind events, SCE does not fully implement PSPS when criteria are met due to other overriding conditions or SCE's regulators or others mandate changes to, or restrictions on, its criteria or other operational PSPS practices, SCE will face a higher likelihood of catastrophic wildfires in its territory during high wind events.

47

Table of Contents

For more information on AB 1054, see "Business—Southern California Wildfires—Recovery of Wildfire-Related Costs—2019 Wildfire Legislation. "
SCE will not benefit from all of the features of AB 1054 if the Wildfire Insurance Fund is exhausted.

Catastrophic wildfires could rapidly exhaust the Wildfire Insurance Fund and SCE will not be reimbursed by the Wildfire Insurance Fund or benefit from the AB 1054 Liability Cap if the fund has been exhausted as a result of damage claims previously incurred by SCE or the other participating utilities.
For more information on AB 1054, see "Business—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides—Recovery of Wildfire-Related Costs—2019 Wildfire Legislation."
Climate change exacerbated weather-related incidents and other natural disasters could materially affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations.

Weather-related incidents, including storms and events caused, or exacerbated, by climate change, such as wildfires and debris flows, and other natural disasters such as earthquakes can disrupt the generation and transmission of electricity, and can seriously damage the infrastructure necessary to deliver power to SCE's customers.
Climate change has caused, and exacerbated, extreme weather events and wildfires in southern California, and wildfires could cause, among other things, public safety issues, property damage and operational issues. In addition, the risk of debris flows occurring as a result of rain may be heightened. For example, the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events resulted in, among other things, loss of life, property damage and loss of service. For more information on the impact of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events on SCE and Edison International, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides."
Extreme heat events can lead to prolonged widespread outages due to, among other things, state-wide capacity supply shortages or equipment failure. Extreme weather events can also lead to use of PSPS. Weather-related events, such as debris flows and melting of significantly higher than normal snow pack, and earthquakes can cause over-topping or failure at an SCE dam resulting in a rapid release of water that could cause, among other things, public safety issues, property damage and operational issues.
Weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can lead to lost revenue and increased expense, including higher maintenance and repair costs, which SCE may not be able to recover from its customers. These incidents can also result in regulatory penalties and disallowances, particularly if SCE encounters difficulties in restoring power to its customers on a timely basis or if fire-related losses are found to be the result of utility practices and/or the failure of electric and other utility equipment. In addition, these occurrences could lead to significant claims for damages, including for loss of life and property damage. These occurrences could materially affect SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations, and the inability to restore power to SCE's customers could also materially damage the business reputation of SCE and Edison International.
The generation, transmission and distribution of electricity are dangerous and involve inherent risks of damage to private property and injury to employees and the general public.

Electricity poses hazards for employees and the general public should they come in contact with electrical current or equipment, including through energized downed power lines or if equipment malfunctions. In addition, the risks associated with the operation of transmission and distribution assets and power generating and storage facilities include public and employee safety issues and the risk of utility assets causing or contributing to wildfires.
Injuries and property damage caused by such events can subject SCE to liability that, despite the existence of insurance coverage, can be significant. In addition, SCE may be held responsible for the actions of its contractors. No assurance 

48

Table of Contents

can be given that future losses will not exceed the limits of SCE's or its contractors' insurance coverage. The CPUC has increased its focus on public safety with an emphasis on heightened compliance with construction and operating standards and the potential for penalties being imposed on utilities. Additionally, the CPUC has delegated to its staff the authority to issue citations to electric utilities, which can impose fines of up to $100,000 per violation per day (capped at a maximum of $8 million), pursuant to the CPUC's jurisdiction for violations of safety rules found in statutes, regulations, and the CPUC's General Orders. The CPUC also can issue fines greater than $8 million outside of the citation program. Such penalties and liabilities could be significant and materially affect SCE's liquidity and results of operations. 

SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected if it is unable to successfully manage the risks inherent in constructing, operating, and maintaining its facilities and workforce.

SCE's infrastructure is aging and could pose a risk to system reliability. SCE is also constructing utility owned storage on an accelerated basis to mitigate possible state-wide capacity shortages in 2022 and later years, and any delays in construction may result in those facilities being unavailable to reduce the impact of any capacity shortages in summer 2022. In addition, as described above, wildfires in SCE's service territory can cause significant public safety issues, property damage and operational issues. 
In order to mitigate these risks, SCE is engaged in a significant and ongoing infrastructure investment program. This substantial investment program elevates operational risks and the need for superior execution in SCE's activities. SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially affected if it is unable to successfully manage these risks as well as the risks inherent in constructing, operating, and maintaining its facilities, the operation of which can be hazardous and important for system reliability. SCE's inherent operating risks include such matters as the risks of human performance, workforce capabilities, contractor management, data and records accuracy, public opposition to infrastructure projects, delays, environmental remediation and mitigation costs, difficulty in estimating costs or in recovering costs that are above original estimates, system limitations and degradation, maintaining physical security of workforce and assets, maintaining cybersecurity of data and assets, and delays and interruptions in necessary supplies, including key components necessary for the timely construction of utility owned storage. SCE's financial condition and results of operations could also be materially affected if SCE is unable to attract, train and retain a qualified and diverse workforce, including due to the constrained labor market in California and nationally, SCE's relations with its unionized workforce and actions SCE takes or is required to take in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
There are inherent risks associated with owning and decommissioning nuclear power generating facilities and obtaining cost reimbursement, including, among other things, insufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust funds, costs exceeding current estimates, execution risks, potential harmful effects on the environment and human health and the hazards of storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials. Existing insurance and ratemaking arrangements may not protect SCE fully against losses from a nuclear incident.

SCE funds decommissioning costs with assets that are currently held in nuclear decommissioning trusts. Based on current decommissioning cost estimates, SCE believes that further contributions to the nuclear decommissioning trusts' assets may be required to pay the costs of decommissioning. If additional contributions to the nuclear decommissioning trust funds become necessary, recovery of any such additional funds through electric rates is subject to the CPUC's review and approval.
The costs of decommissioning San Onofre are subject to reasonableness reviews by the CPUC. These costs may not be recoverable through regulatory processes or otherwise unless SCE can establish that the costs were reasonably incurred. In addition, SCE faces inherent execution risks including such matters as the risks of human performance, workforce capabilities, public opposition, permitting delays, and governmental approvals. Decommissioning costs ultimately incurred could exceed the current estimates and cost increases resulting from contractual disputes, delays in performance by the contractor, elevated levels of inflation, or permitting delays, among other things, could cause SCE to materially 

49

Table of Contents

overrun current decommissioning cost estimates and could materially impact the sufficiency of trust funds. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Decommissioning of San Onofre" in the MD&A.
Even though San Onofre is being decommissioned, the presence of spent nuclear fuel still poses a potential risk of a nuclear incident. Federal law limits public liability claims from a nuclear incident to the amount of available financial protection, which is currently approximately $13.5 billion for Palo Verde and $560 million for San Onofre. SCE and other owners of San Onofre and Palo Verde have purchased the maximum private primary insurance available of $450 million per site. In the case of San Onofre, the balance is covered by a US Government indemnity. In the case of Palo Verde, the balance is covered by a loss sharing program among nuclear reactor licensees. There is no assurance that the CPUC would allow SCE to recover the required contribution made pursuant to this loss sharing program in the case of one or more nuclear incidents with claims that exceeded $450 million at a nuclear reactor which is participating in the program. If this public liability limit of $13.5 billion is insufficient, federal law contemplates that additional funds may be appropriated by Congress. There can be no assurance of SCE's ability to recover uninsured costs in the event the additional federal appropriations are insufficient. For more information on nuclear insurance risk, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Nuclear Insurance."
SCE's distribution of water and propane gas on Catalina Island involves inherent risks of damage to private property and the environment and injury to employees and the general public.

SCE owns and operates the water distribution system that serves Catalina Island, California and a propane gas distribution system that serves the City of Avalon on Catalina Island, California. Production, storage, treatment and distribution of water for human use and the transportation, storage, distribution and use of gas can be hazardous, and can cause damage to private property and the environment and injury to employees and the general public if equipment fails or does not perform as anticipated. For example, the risks of operating a water distribution system include the potential for burst pipes and water contamination and the risks of operating gas distribution system include the potential for gas leaks, fire or explosion. The risks related to SCE's operation of its water distribution system may be exacerbated due to aging infrastructure. In addition, SCE may have to pay fines, penalties and remediation costs if it does not comply with laws and regulations in the operation of the water and gas distribution systems. An inability to recover costs associated with any such damages or injuries or any fines, penalties or remediation costs, from insurance or through electric rates, could materially affect SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations.

Financing Risks
As a capital-intensive company, SCE relies on access to the capital markets. If SCE were unable to access the capital markets or the cost of financing were to substantially increase, its liquidity and operations could be materially affected.

SCE regularly accesses the capital markets to finance its activities and is expected to do so by its regulators as part of its obligation to serve as a regulated utility. SCE's needs for capital for its ongoing infrastructure investment program are substantial. SCE's ability to obtain financing, as well as its ability to refinance debt and make scheduled payments of principal and interest, are dependent on numerous factors, including SCE's levels of indebtedness, maintenance of acceptable credit ratings, financial performance, liquidity and cash flow, and other market conditions. In addition, the actions of other California investor-owned utilities and legal, regulatory and legislative decisions impacting investor-owned utilities can affect market conditions and therefore, SCE's ability to obtain financing. SCE's inability to obtain additional capital from time to time could have a material effect on SCE's liquidity and operations.

50

Table of Contents

Competitive and Market Risks
SCE's inability to effectively and timely respond to the changes that the electricity industry is undergoing, as a result of increased competition, technological advances, and changes to the regulatory environment, could materially impact SCE's business model, financial condition and results of operations.

Customers and third parties are increasingly deploying DERs, such as solar generation, energy storage, energy efficiency and demand response technologies. California's environmental policy objectives are accelerating the pace and scope of industry change. This change will require modernization of the electric distribution grid to, among other things, accommodate two-way flows of electricity and increase the grid's capacity to interconnect DERs. In addition, enabling California's clean energy economy goals will require sustained investments in grid modernization, renewable integration projects, energy efficiency programs, energy storage options and electric vehicle infrastructure. If SCE is unable to effectively adapt to these changes, its business model, its ability to execute on its strategy, and ultimately its financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted.
Customer-owned generation and load departures to CCAs or Electric Service Providers each reduce the amount of electricity that customers purchase from utilities and have the effect of increasing utility rates unless customer rates are designed to allocate the costs of the distribution grid across all customers that benefit from its use. For example, some customers in California who generate their own power are not currently required to pay all transmission and distribution charges and non-bypassable charges, subject to limitations, which results in increased utility rates for those customers who do not own their generation. If regulations aren't changed such that customers pay their share of transmission and distribution charges and non-bypassable charges or the demand for electricity reduces so significantly that SCE is no longer effectively able to recover such charges from its customers, SCE's business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially impacted.
In addition, the FERC has opened transmission development to competition from independent developers, allowing such developers to compete with incumbent utilities for the construction and operation of transmission facilities.
For more information. See "Business—SCE—Competition."

Cybersecurity and Physical Security Risks
SCE's systems and network infrastructure are targets for physical and cyber attacks, intrusions or other catastrophic events that could result in their failure or reduced functionality.

Regulators such as NERC and U.S. Government agencies, including the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security and Energy, have increasingly stressed that threat sources continue to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the U.S. national electric grid and other energy infrastructures, and that such attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber, are highly sophisticated and dynamic. Several U.S. Government agencies have highlighted the increasing risks related to ransomware attacks and cybersecurity risks related to the electric sector, including its supply chains, and that the risks may escalate during periods of heightened geopolitical tensions. 
SCE's operations require the continuous availability of critical information technology systems, sensitive customer and employee data and network infrastructure and information, all of which are targets for malicious actors. New cyber and physical threats arise as SCE moves from an analog to a digital electric grid. For example, SCE's grid modernization efforts and the move to a network-connected grid increases the number of "threat surfaces" and potential vulnerabilities that an adversary can target.
SCE depends on a wide array of vendors to provide it with services and equipment. Malicious actors may attack vendors to disrupt the services they provide to SCE, or to use those vendors as a cyber conduit to attack SCE. Additionally, the equipment and material provided by SCE's vendors may contain cyber vulnerabilities. A compromise of equipment 

51

Table of Contents

and/or exfiltration of SCE data, whether by physical or by electronic means, could result in loss or changes to confidential or sensitive electronic data, loss of intellectual property and interruption of business processes. While some of SCE's vendors have experienced cybersecurity incidents, such incidents have not, to SCE's knowledge, resulted in a material impact to SCE to date.
SCE's systems have experienced, and will continue to experience, cybersecurity incidents involving attacks of malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and other illicit activities, but to SCE's knowledge it has not experienced a material cybersecurity or data breach to date. Though SCE actively monitors developments in this area and is involved in various industry groups and government initiatives, no security measures can completely shield its systems and infrastructure from cyber attacks, intrusions or other catastrophic events that could result in their failure or reduced functionality.
If SCE's information technology and operational technology systems' security measures were to be breached, or a critical system failure were to occur without timely recovery, SCE could be unable to fulfill critical business functions, such as delivery of electricity to customers, and/or sensitive confidential personal and other data could be compromised, which could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, material financial loss to SCE or to its customers, loss of confidence in SCE's security measures, customer dissatisfaction, and significant litigation and/or regulatory exposure, all of which could materially affect SCE's financial condition and results of operations and materially damage the business reputation of Edison International and SCE.

RISKS RELATING TO EDISON INTERNATIONAL AND SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EDISON COMPANY

Edison International's and SCE's financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted by events, like the COVID-19 pandemic, that cause significant disruption to workforces, supply chains, economies, or societies on a regional, statewide, national or global basis.

Edison International and SCE could be materially and adversely impacted by events, such as the widespread outbreak of a communicable disease, that result in, among other things, significant disruption to supply chains, economies, societies or workforces on a regional, statewide, national or global basis. The global spread of COVID-19, which was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020, has created significant uncertainty, volatility and disruption globally and has impacted the operations of Edison International and SCE. The total impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on Edison International and SCE are still evolving, and the extent to which the pandemic affects Edison International's and SCE's business, operations, cash flows, liquidity and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that Edison International and SCE are unable to accurately predict at this time, including, without limitation: the duration and scope of the pandemic; the availability, efficacy and use of vaccinations, governmental, business and individual actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic, including vaccine and testing requirements; the impact of the pandemic on economic activity; and the impact of the pandemic on Edison International's and SCE's employees, customers, contractors, insurers and service providers.
Many of the risks and uncertainties identified in this Form 10-K are, and will be, exacerbated by the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions being taken by governmental entities, businesses, individuals and others in response to the pandemic. Some examples follow. Similar to other companies, a large portion of Edison International's and SCE's workforce, including employees of their contractors, may be unable to perform their job functions effectively due to illness, family illness, quarantine requirements, and other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, as a result of actions being taken in response to the pandemic, SCE's supply chain has faced constraints and SCE anticipates additional disruptions and delays may occur in 2022. SCE has also faced challenges from local permitting authorities. If a significant portion of SCE's workforce cannot effectively perform their job functions, SCE is unable to attract and retain qualified talent due to vaccine or test requirements, SCE is unable to procure required materials, SCE does not timely obtain any required permits and/or local authorities prohibit SCE from conducting previously permitted work, SCE will likely be unable to effectively and timely complete planned work and projects, including its WMP, utility owned storage, and other capital projects. Further, SCE may be unable to effectively execute its PSPS program due to, 

52

Table of Contents

among other things, requests from local and State authorities not to shut off the power during the pandemic, and thereby may increase the risk of SCE equipment being associated with the ignition of wildfires.
In addition, impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on SCE's customers and third parties could also result in SCE facing, among other things, significant reductions in demand for electricity and payment delays and/or defaults from customers which could result in significant under-collections. Edison International and SCE could also face payment delays and/or defaults from insurers and other counterparties. Furthermore, capital markets were impacted by the pandemic in early 2020 and, at the time, this did increase Edison International's and SCE's costs of accessing those markets. Edison International's and SCE's access to the bank and capital markets could also be constrained and/or the costs of accessing those markets could increase as a result of the pandemic, including if Edison International's and/or SCE's credit ratings are downgraded, or placed on negative watch due to concerns about Edison International and/or SCE's financial health as a result of the impacts of the pandemic. SCE may also incur significant incremental costs as a result of actions it is taking in response to the pandemic, including costs being incurred to maintain its operations and assist its employees who are required to telework or are otherwise impacted by the pandemic and costs that may be incurred to test employees for the COVID-19 virus. SCE could also face delays in important legal and regulatory proceedings. These impacts, among others, could materially and adversely impact Edison International's and SCE's business, operations, cash flows, liquidity and financial results.
For more information on see "Management Overview—COVID-19."
Edison International's and SCE's business activities are concentrated in one industry and in one region.
Edison International's and SCE's business activities are concentrated in the electric utility industry. EIX's principal subsidiary, SCE, serves customers only in southern and central California. As a result, Edison International's and SCE's future performance may be affected by events and economic factors unique to California or by regional regulation, legislation or judicial decisions. For example, California courts have applied strict liability to investor-owned utilities in wildfire and other litigation matters. See "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies—Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides."
​

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Information responding to this section is included in the MD&A under the heading "Market Risk Exposures."
​

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
​

53

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
​

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Edison International
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Edison International and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, including the related notes and schedules of condensed financial information of parent as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 and valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 appearing under Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control - Integrated Framework
 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control - Integrated Framework
 (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 

54

Table of Contents

generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Contingent Liability - Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides

As described in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Thomas Fire, the Koenigstein Fire, the Montecito Mudslides and the Woolsey Fire (collectively, the "2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events") within the Company's service territory caused loss of life, substantial damage to both residential and business properties, and service outages for SCE customers in the Santa Barbara, Ventura, and Los Angeles Counties. Based on information available to management and consideration of the risks associated with litigation, management expects to incur a material loss in connection with the remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The Company is named as a defendant in multiple lawsuits filed related to both the wildfires and mudslides. Final determinations of liability for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, including determinations of whether the Company was negligent, would only be made during lengthy and complex litigation processes. Even when investigations are still pending or liability is disputed, an assessment of likely outcomes, including through future settlement of disputed claims, may require estimated losses to be accrued under accounting standards. As of December 31, 2021, management had paid $5.7 billion in settlements, had $131 million to be paid under executed settlements and had $1.6 billion of estimated losses for remaining alleged and potential claims and for the California Public Utility Commission’s ("CPUC") Safety and Enforcement Division Agreement reflected on their consolidated balance sheets related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. As of the same date, management had assets for expected recoveries through Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC") electric rates of $165 million on their consolidated balance sheets and had exhausted expected insurance recoveries related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. Each reporting period, management reviews its loss estimates for remaining alleged and potential claims related to wildfire events. The process for estimating losses associated with alleged and potential wildfire related claims requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors, including, but not limited to: estimates of known and expected claims by third parties based on currently available information, opinions of counsel regarding litigation risk, the status of and developments in the course of litigation, and prior experience litigating and settling wildfire litigation claims. As additional information becomes available, management's estimates and assumptions regarding the causes and financial impact of wildfire events may change. For instance, as a result of additional information, management increased its estimated losses for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events in the third quarter of 2021 and accrued estimated losses of $1.3 billion for claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, against which SCE has recorded expected recoveries through FERC electric rates of $67 million. The resulting charge was $1.2 billion ($894 million after-tax). 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events contingent liability is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when 

55

Table of Contents

determining the probability of a loss being incurred and the best estimate of expected potential loss for these contingencies related to assumptions and subjective factors based on currently available information and assessments, opinions regarding litigation risk, and prior experience with litigating and settling other wildfire cases. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's conclusion related to these loss contingencies. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's evaluation of loss contingencies associated with wildfires and mudslides. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining and evaluating the letters of audit inquiry with internal and external legal counsel, assessing the reasonableness of management's assessment regarding whether it is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable that a loss has been incurred, evaluating the assumptions and methods used by management in developing the best estimate of expected potential losses, including currently available information and assessments, opinions regarding litigation risk, and prior experience with litigating and settling other wildfire cases, and testing damage claim settlements. When assessing the assumptions related to the best estimate of expected potential losses, the assumptions used were evaluated for reasonableness considering (i) current damage claim settlements, (ii) past wildfire litigation history, and (iii) third-party source data.

Recoverability of Regulatory Assets That Are Not Currently Reflected In Rates

As described in Notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, including the accounting principles for rate-regulated enterprises, which reflect the ratemaking policies of the CPUC and the FERC. Management applies authoritative guidance for rate-regulated enterprises to the portion of its operations in which regulators set rates at levels intended to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investments in assets, or rate base. Regulators may also impose certain penalties or grant certain incentives. Due to timing and other differences in the collection of electric utility revenue, these accounting principles require an incurred cost that would otherwise be charged to expense by a non-regulated entity to be capitalized as a regulatory asset if it is probable that the cost is recoverable through future rates. As disclosed by management, management assesses at the end of each reporting period whether regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as the current regulatory environment, the issuance of rate orders on recovery of the specific or a similar incurred cost of the Company or other rate-regulated entities, and other factors that would indicate that the regulator will treat an incurred cost as allowable for ratemaking purposes. As of December 31, 2021, $1.76 billion recorded in wildfire and drought restoration accounts and wildfire-related memorandum accounts represent wildfire and drought restoration costs that are probable of future recovery from customers.

The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company's recoverability of regulatory assets that are not currently reflected in rates is a critical audit matter is the significant judgment by management in determining the costs probable of recovery and reported as an asset on the balance sheet. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's assessment of the recoverability of regulatory assets not currently reflected in rates.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company's regulatory accounting process, including controls over management's assessment of the probability of recovering regulatory assets not currently reflected in rates. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining the Company's correspondence with regulators, evaluating management's assessment regarding the probability of recovery of the regulatory assets at the balance sheet date, evaluating the accounting and disclosure implications, and calculating regulatory assets balances based on provisions outlined in the rate orders. This evidence included reference to 

56

Table of Contents

historical precedence of similar items and accounting treatment utilized by comparable companies under similar regulatory jurisdictions as well as evaluating progress in discussions between management and the regulator.

​

​

/s/ 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Los Angeles, California

February 24, 2022

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2002.

​

​

57

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

​

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Southern California Edison Company

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Southern California Edison Company and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 appearing under Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

Contingent Liability - Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides

As described in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Thomas Fire, the Koenigstein Fire, the Montecito Mudslides and the Woolsey Fire (collectively, the "2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events") within the Company's service 

58

Table of Contents

territory caused loss of life, substantial damage to both residential and business properties, and service outages for SCE customers in the Santa Barbara, Ventura, and Los Angeles Counties. Based on information available to management and consideration of the risks associated with litigation, management expects to incur a material loss in connection with the remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The Company is named as a defendant in multiple lawsuits filed related to both the wildfires and mudslides. Final determinations of liability for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, including determinations of whether the Company was negligent, would only be made during lengthy and complex litigation processes. Even when investigations are still pending or liability is disputed, an assessment of likely outcomes, including through future settlement of disputed claims, may require estimated losses to be accrued under accounting standards. As of December 31, 2021, management had paid $5.7 billion in settlements, had $131 million to be paid under executed settlements and had $1.6 billion of estimated losses for remaining alleged and potential claims and for the California Public Utility Commission’s ("CPUC") Safety and Enforcement Division Agreement reflected on their consolidated balance sheets related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. As of the same date, management had assets for expected recoveries through Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC") electric rates of $165 million on their consolidated balance sheets and had exhausted expected insurance recoveries related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. Each reporting period, management reviews its loss estimates for remaining alleged and potential claims related to wildfire events. The process for estimating losses associated with alleged and potential wildfire related claims requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors, including, but not limited to: estimates of known and expected claims by third parties based on currently available information, opinions of counsel regarding litigation risk, the status of and developments in the course of litigation, and prior experience litigating and settling wildfire litigation claims. As additional information becomes available, management's estimates and assumptions regarding the causes and financial impact of wildfire events may change. For instance, as a result of additional information, management increased its estimated losses for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events in the third quarter of 2021 and accrued estimated losses of $1.3 billion for claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, against which SCE has recorded expected recoveries through FERC electric rates of $67 million. The resulting charge was $1.2 billion ($894 million after-tax). 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events contingent liability is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when determining the probability of a loss being incurred and the best estimate of expected potential loss for these contingencies related to assumptions and subjective factors based on currently available information and assessments, opinions regarding litigation risk, and prior experience with litigating and settling other wildfire cases. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's conclusion related to these loss contingencies. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's evaluation of loss contingencies associated with wildfires and mudslides. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining and evaluating the letters of audit inquiry with internal and external legal counsel, assessing the reasonableness of management's assessment regarding whether it is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable that a loss has been incurred, evaluating the assumptions and methods used by management in developing the best estimate of expected potential losses, including currently available information and assessments, opinions regarding litigation risk, and prior experience with litigating and settling other wildfire cases, and testing damage claim settlements. When assessing the assumptions related to the best estimate of expected potential losses, the assumptions used were evaluated for reasonableness considering (i) current damage claim settlements, (ii) past wildfire litigation history, and (iii) third-party source data.

Recoverability of Regulatory Assets That Are Not Currently Reflected In Rates

As described in Notes 1 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, including the accounting principles for rate-regulated enterprises, which reflect the ratemaking policies of the CPUC and the FERC. Management applies authoritative guidance for rate-regulated enterprises to the portion of its operations in which regulators set rates at levels intended to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investments in assets, or rate base. Regulators may also impose certain penalties or grant certain incentives. Due to timing and other differences in the collection of electric utility revenue, these accounting principles require an incurred cost that would otherwise be 

59

Table of Contents

charged to expense by a non-regulated entity to be capitalized as a regulatory asset if it is probable that the cost is recoverable through future rates. As disclosed by management, management assesses at the end of each reporting period whether regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as the current regulatory environment, the issuance of rate orders on recovery of the specific or a similar incurred cost of the Company or other rate-regulated entities, and other factors that would indicate that the regulator will treat an incurred cost as allowable for ratemaking purposes. As of December 31, 2021, $1.76 billion recorded in wildfire and drought restoration accounts and wildfire-related memorandum accounts represent wildfire and drought restoration costs that are probable of future recovery from customers.

​

The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to the Company's recoverability of regulatory assets that are not currently reflected in rates is a critical audit matter is the significant judgment by management in determining the costs probable of recovery and reported as an asset on the balance sheet. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management's assessment of the recoverability of regulatory assets not currently reflected in rates.

​

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the Company's regulatory accounting process, including controls over management's assessment of the probability of recovering regulatory assets not currently reflected in rates. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining the Company's correspondence with regulators, evaluating management's assessment regarding the probability of recovery of the regulatory assets at the balance sheet date, evaluating the accounting and disclosure implications, and calculating regulatory assets balances based on provisions outlined in the rate orders. This evidence included reference to historical precedence of similar items and accounting treatment utilized by comparable companies under similar regulatory jurisdictions as well as evaluating progress in discussions between management and the regulator.

​

​

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

​

Los Angeles, California

February 24, 2022
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2002.
​

60

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

(This page has been left blank intentionally.)
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

61

Table of Contents

​

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Statements of Income

Edison International

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions, except per-share amounts)

2021

2020

2019

Total operating revenue

​

$

 14,905

​

$

 13,578

​

$

 12,347

Purchased power and fuel

​

 5,540

​

 4,932

​

 4,839

Operation and maintenance

​

 3,645

​

 3,609

​

 3,018

Wildfire-related claims, net of insurance recoveries

​

 1,276

​

 1,328

​

 255

Wildfire Insurance Fund expense

​

 215

​

 336

​

 152

Depreciation and amortization

​

 2,218

​

 1,967

​

 1,730

Property and other taxes

​

 465

​

 438

​

 399

Impairment and other expense (income)

​

 71

​

 (116)

​

 184

Gain on sale of lease interest and other operating income

​

 (2)

​

 (133)

​

 (5)

Total operating expenses

​

 13,428

​

 12,361

​

 10,572

Operating income

​

 1,477

​

 1,217

​

 1,775

Interest expense

​

 (925)

​

 (902)

​

 (841)

Other income

​

 237

​

 251

​

 193

Income before income taxes

​

 789

​

 566

​

 1,127

Income tax benefit

​

 (136)

​

 (305)

​

 (278)

Net income

​

 925

​

 871

​

 1,405

Preferred and preference stock dividend requirements of SCE

​

 106

​

 132

​

 121

Preferred stock dividend requirement of Edison International

​

​

 60

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

Net income attributable to Edison International common shareholders

​

$

 759

​

$

 739

​

$

 1,284

Basic earnings per share:

​

​

​

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding

​

 380

​

 373

​

 340

Basic earnings per common share attributable to Edison International common shareholders

​

$

 2.00

​

$

 1.98

​

$

 3.78

Diluted earnings per share:

​

​

​

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, including effect of dilutive securities

​

 380

​

 374

​

 341

Diluted earnings per common share attributable to Edison International common shareholders

​

$

 2.00

​

$

 1.98

​

$

 3.77

​

​

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

62

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

​

Edison International

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

Net income

​

$

 925

​

$

 871

​

$

 1,405

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

​

​

​

Pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions

​

 15

​

 —

​

 (9)

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

​

 15

​

 —

​

 (9)

Comprehensive income

​

 940

​

 871

​

 1,396

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests

​

 106

​

 132

​

 121

Comprehensive income attributable to Edison International

​

$

 834

​

$

 739

​

$

 1,275

​

​

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

63

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Balance Sheets

​

Edison International

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

ASSETS

​

​

Cash and cash equivalents

​

$

 390

​

$

 87

Receivables, less allowances of $193 and $
188 for uncollectible accounts at respective dates

​

 1,398

​

 1,130

Accrued unbilled revenue

​

 794

​

 521

Insurance receivable

​

 —

​

 708

Inventory

​

 420

​

 405

Prepaid expenses

​

 258

​

 281

Regulatory assets

​

 1,778

​

 1,314

Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions

​

 204

​

 323

Other current assets

​

 249

​

 292

Total current assets

​

 5,491

​

 5,061

Nuclear decommissioning trusts

​

 4,870

​

 4,833

Marketable securities

​

​

 12

​

​

 —

Other investments

​

 39

​

 53

Total investments

​

 4,921

​

 4,886

Utility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation and amortization of $11,407 and $
10,681 at respective dates

​

 50,497

​

 47,653

Nonutility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation of $98 and $
94 at respective dates

​

 203

​

 186

Total property, plant and equipment

​

 50,700

​

 47,839

Receivables, less allowances of $116 for uncollectible accounts at December 31, 2021

​

​

 122

​

​

 —

Regulatory assets (includes $325 at December 31, 2021 related to Variable Interest Entities "VIEs")

​

 7,660

​

 7,120

Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions

​

 2,359

​

 2,443

Operating lease right-of-use assets

​

 1,932

​

 1,088

Long-term insurance receivables

​

​

 75

​

​

 75

Other long-term assets

​

 1,485

​

 860

Total long-term assets

​

 13,633

​

 11,586

Total assets

​

$

 74,745

​

$

 69,372

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

64

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Balance Sheets

​

Edison International

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions, except share amounts)

2021

2020

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

​

​

Short-term debt

​

$

 2,354

​

$

 2,398

Current portion of long-term debt

​

 1,077

​

 1,029

Accounts payable

​

 2,002

​

 1,980

Wildfire-related claims

​

​

 131

​

​

 2,231

Customer deposits

​

 193

​

 243

Regulatory liabilities

​

 603

​

 569

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

​

 582

​

 215

Other current liabilities

​

 1,667

​

 1,612

Total current liabilities

​

 8,609

​

 10,277

Long-term debt (includes $
314 at December 31, 2021 related to VIEs)

​

 24,170

​

 19,632

Deferred income taxes and credits

​

 5,740

​

 5,368

Pensions and benefits

​

 496

​

 563

Asset retirement obligations

​

 2,772

​

 2,930

Regulatory liabilities

​

 8,981

​

 8,589

Operating lease liabilities

​

 1,350

​

 873

Wildfire-related claims

​

 1,733

​

 2,281

Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities

​

 3,105

​

 2,910

Total deferred credits and other liabilities

​

 24,177

​

 23,514

Total liabilities

​

 56,956

​

 53,423

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)

​

​

Preferred stock (50,000,000 shares authorized; 
1,250,000 shares of Series A and 
750,000 shares of Series B 
issued
 and 
outstanding
 at December 31, 2021)

​

​

 1,977

​

​

 —

Common stock, no
 par value (
800,000,000
 shares authorized; 
380,378,145 and 
378,907,147 shares 
issued
 and 
outstanding
 at respective dates)

​

 6,071

​

 5,962

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

​

 (54)

​

 (69)

Retained earnings

​

 7,894

​

 8,155

Total Edison International's shareholders' equity

​

 15,888

​

 14,048

Noncontrolling interests – preference stock of SCE

​

 1,901

​

 1,901

Total equity

​

 17,789

​

 15,949

Total liabilities and equity

​

$

 74,745

​

$

 69,372

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

65

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

​

Edison International

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

Cash flows from operating activities:

​

​

​

Net income

​

$

 925

​

$

 871

​

$

 1,405

Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities:

​

​

​

Depreciation and amortization

​

 2,288

​

 2,029

​

 1,803

Allowance for equity during construction

​

 (118)

​

 (121)

​

 (101)

Impairment and other expense (income)

​

 71

​

 (116)

​

 184

Gain on sale of lease interest and other operating income

​

​

 (2)

​

​

 (133)

​

​

 (5)

Deferred income taxes 

​

 43

​

 (296)

​

 (284)

Wildfire Insurance Fund amortization expense

​

 215

​

 336

​

 152

Other

​

 40

​

 36

​

 34

Nuclear decommissioning trusts

​

 (256)

​

 (197)

​

 (106)

Proceeds from Morongo Transmission LLC

​

​

 400

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

Contributions to Wildfire Insurance Fund

​

 (95)

​

 (95)

​

 (2,457)

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

​

​

​

Receivables

​

 (514)

​

 (283)

​

 (76)

Inventory

​

 (21)

​

 (43)

​

 (83)

Accounts payable

​

 138

​

 87

​

 288

Tax receivables and payables

​

 13

​

 113

​

 88

Other current assets and liabilities

​

 (333)

​

 4

​

 (13)

Regulatory assets and liabilities, net

​

 (720)

​

 (1,799)

​

 (1,278)

Wildfire-related insurance receivable

​

 708

​

 932

​

 285

Wildfire-related claims

​

 (2,648)

​

 (56)

​

 (101)

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities

​

 (123)

​

 (6)

​

 (42)

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

​

 11

​

 1,263

​

 (307)

Cash flows from financing activities:

​

​

​

Long-term debt issued or remarketed, plus premium and net of discount and issuance costs of $(43), $
23 and $(
4) for the respective years

​

 5,412

​

 3,073

​

 3,696

Long-term debt repaid or repurchased

​

 (1,037)

​

 (1,099)

​

 (82)

Short-term debt issued

​

 2,654

​

 2,994

​

 1,750

Short-term debt repaid

​

 (2,255)

​

 (1,126)

​

 (1,750)

Common stock issued

​

 32

​

 912

​

 2,391

Preferred stock issued, net

​

 1,977

​

 —

​

 —

Preferred and preference stock redeemed

​

 —

​

 (308)

​

 —

Commercial paper (repayments) borrowing, net

​

 (254)

​

 304

​

 (172)

Dividends and distribution to noncontrolling interests

​

 (106)

​

 (118)

​

 (121)

Common stock dividends paid

​

 (988)

​

 (928)

​

 (810)

Preferred stock dividends paid

​

​

 (35)

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

Other

​

 45

​

 23

​

 1

Net cash provided by financing activities

​

 5,445

​

 3,727

​

 4,903

Cash flows from investing activities:

​

​

​

Capital expenditures

​

 (5,505)

​

 (5,484)

​

 (4,877)

Proceeds from sale of nuclear decommissioning trust investments

​

 3,961

​

 5,927

​

 4,389

Purchases of nuclear decommissioning trust investments

​

 (3,705)

​

 (5,730)

​

 (4,283)

Other

​

 98

​

 316

​

 93

Net cash used in investing activities

​

 (5,151)

​

 (4,971)

​

 (4,678)

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

​

 305

​

 19

​

 (82)

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year

​

 89

​

 70

​

 152

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year

​

$

 394

​

$

 89

​

$

 70

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

66

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Noncontrolling

​

​

​

​

Equity Attributable to Edison International Shareholders

Interests

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Accumulated 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Preferred 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Other 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

and 

​

​

​

​

​

Preferred

​

Common 

​

Comprehensive

​

Retained 

​

​

​

​

Preference 

​

Total 

(in millions, except per share amounts)

​

Stock

​

Stock

​

Loss

​

Earnings

​

Subtotal

​

Stock

​

Equity

Balance at December 31, 2018

$

 —

​

$

 2,545

​

$

 (50)

​

$

 7,964

$

 10,459

$

 2,193

$

 12,652

Net income

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 1,284

​

 1,284

​

 121

​

 1,405

Other comprehensive loss

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (9)

​

 —

​

 (9)

​

 —

​

 (9)

Cumulative effect of accounting changes

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (10)

​

 10

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

Common stock issued, net of issuance cost

​

​

 —

​

​

 2,421

​

 —

​

 —

​

​

 2,421

​

 —

​

​

 2,421

Common stock dividends declared ($2.4750 per share)

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (849)

​

 (849)

​

 —

​

 (849)

Dividends to noncontrolling interests ($1.02 - $
1.195 per share for preferred stock; $
62.50 - $
143.75 per share for preference stock)

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (121)

​

 (121)

Stock-based compensation

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (27)

​

 (27)

​

 —

​

 (27)

Noncash stock-based compensation

​

​

 —

​

 24

​

 —

​

 —

​

 24

​

 —

​

 24

Balance at December 31, 2019

​

$

 —

​

$

 4,990

​

$

 (69)

​

$

 8,382

​

$

 13,303

​

$

 2,193

​

$

 15,496

Net income

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 739

​

 739

​

 132

​

 871

Common stock issued, net of issuance cost 

​

​

 —

​

 942

​

 —

​

 —

​

 942

​

 —

​

 942

Common stock dividends declared ($2.5750 per share)

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (965)

​

 (965)

​

 —

​

 (965)

Dividends to noncontrolling interests ($0.757 - $
0.886 per share for preferred stock; $
62.50 - $
143.75 per share for preference stock)

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (117)

​

 (117)

Noncash stock-based compensation

​

​

 —

​

 30

​

 —

​

 (1)

​

 29

​

 1

​

 30

Redemption of preferred and preference stock

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 (308)

​

​

 (308)

Balance at December 31, 2020

​

$

 —

​

$

 5,962

​

$

 (69)

​

$

 8,155

​

$

 14,048

​

$

 1,901

​

$

 15,949

Net income

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 819

​

 819

​

 106

​

 925

Other comprehensive income

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 15

​

 —

​

 15

​

 —

​

 15

Common stock issued, net of issuance cost (Note 14)

​

​

 —

​

 71

​

 —

​

 —

​

 71

​

 —

​

 71

Preferred stock issued, net of issuance cost (Note 14)

​

​

 1,977

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 1,977

​

​

 —

​

​

 1,977

Common stock dividends declared ($2.6875 per share)

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (1,021)

​

 (1,021)

​

 —

​

 (1,021)

Preferred stock dividend accrued ($43.5972 per share for Series A and $
6.8056 per share for Series B)

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 (60)

​

​

 (60)

​

​

 —

​

​

 (60)

Dividends to noncontrolling interests ($62.50 - $
143.75 per share for preference stock)

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (106)

​

 (106)

Noncash stock-based compensation

​

​

 —

​

 38

​

 —

​

 1

​

 39

​

 —

​

 39

Balance at December 31, 2021

​

$

 1,977

​

$

 6,071

​

$

 (54)

​

$

 7,894

​

$

 15,888

​

$

 1,901

​

$

 17,789

​

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

67

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

(This page has been left blank intentionally.)
​

68

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Statements of Income

Southern California Edison Company

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions, unaudited)

2021

2020

2019

Operating revenue

​

$

 14,874

​

$

 13,546

​

$

 12,306

Purchased power and fuel

​

 5,540

​

 4,932

​

 4,839

Operation and maintenance

​

 3,588

​

 3,523

​

 2,936

Wildfire-related claims, net of insurance recoveries

​

 1,276

​

 1,328

​

 255

Wildfire Insurance Fund expense

​

 215

​

 336

​

 152

Depreciation and amortization

​

 2,216

​

 1,965

​

 1,728

Property and other taxes

​

 462

​

 435

​

 396

Impairment and other expense (income)

​

 69

​

 (150)

​

 159

Other operating income

​

 (2)

​

 (1)

​

 (4)

Total operating expenses

​

 13,364

​

 12,368

​

 10,461

Operating income

​

 1,510

​

 1,178

​

 1,845

Interest expense

​

 (791)

​

 (768)

​

 (739)

Other income

​

 233

​

 255

​

 195

Income before taxes

​

 952

​

 665

​

 1,301

Income tax expense (benefit)

​

 17

​

 (277)

​

 (229)

Net income

​

 935

​

 942

​

 1,530

Less: Preferred and preference stock dividend requirements

​

 106

​

 132

​

 121

Net income available for common stock

​

$

 829

​

$

 810

​

$

 1,409

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

Net income

​

$

 935

​

$

 942

​

$

 1,530

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

​

​

​

​

Pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions

​

 9

​

 (2)

​

 (11)

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

​

 9

​

 (2)

​

 (11)

Comprehensive income

​

$

 944

​

$

 940

​

$

 1,519

​

​

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

69

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Southern California Edison Company

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

ASSETS

​

​

Cash and cash equivalents

​

$

 279

​

$

 55

Receivables, less allowances of $193 and $
188 for uncollectible accounts at respective dates

​

 1,393

​

 1,126

Accrued unbilled revenue

​

 794

​

 521

Insurance receivable

​

​

 —

​

​

 440

Insurance receivable from affiliate

​

​

 —

​

​

 268

Inventory

​

​

 420

​

​

 405

Prepaid expenses

​

 257

​

 280

Regulatory assets

​

 1,778

​

 1,314

Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions

​

 204

​

 323

Other current assets

​

 222

​

 285

Total current assets

​

 5,347

​

 5,017

Nuclear decommissioning trusts

​

 4,870

​

 4,833

Other investments

​

 34

​

 37

Total investments

​

 4,904

​

 4,870

Utility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation and amortization of $11,407 and $
10,681 at respective dates

​

 50,497

​

 47,653

Nonutility property, plant and equipment, less accumulated depreciation of $88 and $
86 at respective dates

​

 196

​

 180

Total property, plant and equipment

​

 50,693

​

 47,833

Receivables, less allowances of $116 for uncollectible accounts at December 31, 2021

​

​

 122

​

​

 —

Regulatory assets (includes $325 at December 31, 2021 related to VIEs)

​

 7,660

​

 7,120

Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions

​

 2,359

​

 2,443

Operating lease right-of-use assets

​

 1,925

​

 1,085

Long-term insurance receivables

​

​

 75

​

​

 75

Other long-term assets

​

 1,453

​

 843

Total long-term assets

​

 13,594

​

 11,566

Total assets

​

$

 74,538

​

$

 69,286

​

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

70

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Balance Sheets

Southern California Edison Company

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions, except share amounts)

2021

2020

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY

​

​

Short-term debt

​

$

 2,354

​

$

 2,268

Current portion of long-term debt

​

 377

​

 1,029

Accounts payable

​

 1,999

​

 1,983

Wildfire-related claims

​

​

 131

​

​

 2,231

Customer deposits

​

 193

​

 243

Regulatory liabilities

​

 603

​

 569

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

​

 582

​

 214

Other current liabilities

​

 1,631

​

 1,294

Total current liabilities

​

 7,870

​

 9,831

Long-term debt (includes $
314 at December 31, 2021 related to VIEs)

​

 21,733

​

 16,499

Deferred income taxes and credits

​

 7,181

​

 6,783

Pensions and benefits

​

 111

​

 144

Asset retirement obligations

​

 2,772

​

 2,930

Regulatory liabilities

​

 8,981

​

 8,589

Operating lease liabilities

​

 1,343

​

 871

Wildfire-related claims

​

 1,733

​

 2,281

Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities

​

 2,979

​

 2,708

Total deferred credits and other liabilities

​

 25,100

​

 24,306

Total liabilities

​

 54,703

​

 50,636

Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)

​

​

Preference stock

​

 1,945

​

 1,945

Common stock, no
 par value (
560,000,000
 shares authorized; 
434,888,104
 shares issued and outstanding at respective dates)

​

 2,168

​

 2,168

Additional paid-in capital

​

 7,033

​

 5,387

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

​

 (32)

​

 (41)

Retained earnings

​

 8,721

​

 9,191

Total equity

​

 19,835

​

 18,650

Total liabilities and equity

​

$

 74,538

​

$

 69,286

​

​

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

71

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

​

Southern California Edison Company

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

Cash flows from operating activities:

​

​

​

Net income

​

$

 935

​

$

 942

​

$

 1,530

Adjustments to reconcile to net cash provided by operating activities:

​

​

​

Depreciation and amortization

​

 2,280

​

 2,021

​

 1,798

Allowance for equity during construction

​

 (118)

​

 (121)

​

 (101)

Impairment and other expense (income)

​

 69

​

 (150)

​

 159

Deferred income taxes

​

 62

​

 (263)

​

 (243)

Wildfire Insurance Fund amortization expense

​

 215

​

 336

​

 152

Other

​

 26

​

 17

​

 17

Nuclear decommissioning trusts

​

 (256)

​

 (197)

​

 (106)

Proceeds from Morongo Transmission LLC

​

​

 400

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

Contributions to Wildfire Insurance Fund

​

 (95)

​

 (95)

​

 (2,457)

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

​

​

​

Receivables

​

 (513)

​

 (290)

​

 (89)

Inventory

​

 (21)

​

 (43)

​

 (83)

Accounts payable

​

 131

​

 63

​

 307

Tax receivables and payables

​

 31

​

 141

​

 178

Other current assets and liabilities

​

 (333)

​

 (7)

​

 (15)

Regulatory assets and liabilities, net

​

 (720)

​

 (1,799)

​

 (1,278)

Wildfire-related insurance receivable

​

 708

​

 932

​

 285

Wildfire-related claims

​

 (2,648)

​

 (56)

​

 (101)

Other noncurrent assets and liabilities

​

 5

​

 (4)

​

 (44)

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities

​

 158

​

 1,427

​

 (91)

Cash flows from financing activities:

​

​

​

Long-term debt issued or remarketed, plus premium and net of discount and issuance costs of $(43), $
26 and $
6 for the respective years

​

 5,411

​

 2,676

​

 2,306

Long-term debt repaid or repurchased

​

​

 (1,037)

​

​

 (699)

​

​

 (82)

Short-term debt borrowed

​

 2,654

​

 2,194

​

 750

Short-term debt repaid

​

 (2,255)

​

 (326)

​

 (750)

Capital contributions from Edison International Parent

​

 1,633

​

 1,432

​

 3,250

Preferred and preference stock redeemed

​

 —

​

 (308)

​

 —

Commercial paper (repayments) borrowing, net

​

 (124)

​

 175

​

 (171)

Dividends paid

​

 (1,081)

​

 (1,450)

​

 (521)

Other

​

 17

​

 5

​

 (11)

Net cash provided by financing activities

​

 5,218

​

 3,699

​

 4,771

Cash flows from investing activities:

​

​

​

Capital expenditures

​

 (5,503)

​

 (5,480)

​

 (4,876)

Proceeds from sale of nuclear decommissioning trust investments

​

 3,961

​

 5,927

​

 4,389

Purchases of nuclear decommissioning trust investments

​

 (3,705)

​

 (5,730)

​

 (4,283)

Other

​

 95

​

 189

​

 92

Net cash used in investing activities

​

 (5,152)

​

 (5,094)

​

 (4,678)

Net increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

​

 224

​

 32

​

 2

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year

​

 56

​

 24

​

 22

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year

​

$

 280

​

$

 56

​

$

 24

​

​

​

​

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

72

Table of Contents

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

Southern California Edison Company

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Preferred 

​

​

​

​

Accumulated 

​

​

​

​

​

​

and 

​

​

​

​

Additional 

​

Other 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Preference 

​

Common 

​

Paid-in 

​

Comprehensive 

​

Retained 

​

Total 

(in millions, except per share amounts)

​

Stock

​

Stock

​

Capital

​

Loss

​

Earnings

​

Equity

Balance at December 31, 2018

​

$

 2,245

​

$

 2,168

​

$

 680

​

$

 (23)

​

$

 8,715

​

$

 13,785

Net income

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 1,530

​

 1,530

Other comprehensive loss

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (11)

​

 —

​

 (11)

Cumulative effect of accounting change

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (5)

​

 5

​

 —

Capital contribution from Edison International Parent 

​

​

 —

​

 —

​

 3,250

​

 —

​

 —

​

​

 3,250

Dividends declared on common stock ($1.3797 per share)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (600)

​

 (600)

Dividends declared on preferred stock ($1.02 - $
1.195 per share) and preference stock ($
62.50 - $
143.75 per share)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (121)

​

 (121)

Stock-based compensation

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (3)

​

 —

​

 (15)

​

 (18)

Noncash stock-based compensation

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 12

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

 12

Balance at December 31, 2019

​

$

 2,245

​

$

 2,168

​

$

 3,939

​

$

 (39)

​

$

 9,514

​

$

 17,827

Net income

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 942

​

 942

Other comprehensive loss

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (2)

​

 —

​

 (2)

Capital contribution from Edison International Parent 

​

 —

​

 —

​

 1,432

​

 —

​

 —

​

 1,432

Dividends declared on common stock ($2.6030 per share)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (1,132)

​

 (1,132)

Dividends declared on preferred stock ($0.757 - $
0.886 per share) and preference stock ($
62.50 - $
143.75 per share)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (117)

​

 (117)

Stock-based compensation

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (5)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (5)

Noncash stock-based compensation

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 14

​

​

 —

​

​

 (1)

​

​

 13

Redemption of preferred and preference stock

​

​

 (300)

​

​

 —

​

​

 7

​

​

 —

​

​

 (15)

​

​

 (308)

Balance at December 31, 2020

​

$

 1,945

​

$

 2,168

​

$

 5,387

​

$

 (41)

​

$

 9,191

​

$

 18,650

Net income

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 935

​

 935

Other comprehensive income

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 9

​

 —

​

 9

Capital contribution from Edison International Parent

​

 —

​

 —

​

 1,633

​

 —

​

 —

​

 1,633

Dividends declared on common stock ($2.9893 per share)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (1,300)

​

 (1,300)

Dividends declared on preference stock ($62.50 - $
143.75 per share)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (106)

​

 (106)

Stock-based compensation

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (7)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (7)

Noncash stock-based compensation

​

 —

​

 —

​

 20

​

 —

​

 1

​

 21

Balance at December 31, 2021

​

$

 1,945

​

$

 2,168

​

$

 7,033

​

$

 (32)

​

$

 8,721

​

$

 19,835

​

​

​

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

73

Table of Contents

​

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1.
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Organization and Basis of Presentation
Edison International is the ultimate parent holding company of Southern California Edison Company ("SCE") and Edison Energy, LLC ("Edison Energy Group"). SCE is an investor-owned public utility primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of Southern California. Edison Energy Group is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Edison International and a holding company for Edison Energy, LLC ("Edison Energy") which is engaged in the competitive business of providing integrated decarbonization and energy solutions to commercial, institutional and industrial customers. Edison Energy's business activities are currently not material to report as a separate business segment. These combined notes to the consolidated financial statements apply to both Edison International and SCE unless otherwise described. Edison International's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Edison International, SCE, and other wholly owned and controlled subsidiaries. References to Edison International refer to the consolidated group of Edison International and its subsidiaries. References to "Edison International Parent and Other" refer to Edison International Parent and its competitive subsidiaries and "Edison International Parent" refer to Edison International on a stand-alone basis, not consolidated with its subsidiaries. SCE's consolidated financial statements include the accounts of SCE, its wholly owned and controlled subsidiaries and a variable interest entity of which SCE is the primary beneficiary, SCE Recovery Funding LLC. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated from the consolidated financial statements.

Edison International's and SCE's accounting policies conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, including the accounting principles for rate-regulated enterprises, which reflect the ratemaking policies of the California Public Utility Commission ("CPUC") and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC"). SCE applies authoritative guidance for rate-regulated enterprises to the portion of its operations in which regulators set rates at levels intended to recover the estimated costs of providing service, plus a return on net investments in assets, or rate base. Regulators may also impose certain penalties or grant certain incentives. Due to timing and other differences in the collection of electric utility revenue, these principles require an incurred cost that would otherwise be charged to expense by a non-regulated entity to be capitalized as a regulatory asset if it is probable that the cost is recoverable through future rates; and conversely the principles require recording of a regulatory liability for amounts collected in rates to recover costs expected to be incurred in the future or amounts collected in excess of costs incurred and refundable to customers. In addition, SCE recognizes revenue and regulatory assets from alternative revenue programs, which enables the utility to adjust future rates in response to past activities or completed events, if certain criteria are met, even for programs that do not qualify for recognition of "traditional" regulatory assets and liabilities. SCE assesses, at the end of each reporting period, whether regulatory assets are probable of future recovery. See Note 11 for composition of regulatory assets and liabilities.

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Certain prior year amounts have been conformed to the current year's presentation. 

74

Table of Contents

Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash
Cash equivalents include investments in money market funds. Generally, the carrying value of cash equivalents equals the fair value, as these investments have original maturities of three months or less. The cash equivalents were as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

​

2021

2020

2021

2020

Money market funds

​

$

 329

​

$

 62

​

$

 230

​

$

 38

Cash is temporarily invested until required for check clearing. Checks issued, but not yet paid by the financial institution, are reclassified from cash to accounts payable at the end of each reporting period.

The following table sets forth the cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash included in the consolidated statements of cash flows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

Edison International:

​

​

​

​

Cash and cash equivalents

​

$

 390

​

$

 87

Short-term restricted cash1

​

 4

​

 2

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

​

$

 394

​

$

 89

SCE:

​

​

​

Cash and cash equivalents

​

$

 279

​

$

 55

Short-term restricted cash1

​

 1

​

 1

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

​

$

 280

​

$

 56

1
Reflected in "Other current assets" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets.

Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts
The allowance for uncollectible accounts is recorded based on SCE's estimate of expected credit losses and adjusted over the life of the receivables as needed. Since the customer base of SCE is concentrated in Southern California and exposes SCE to a homogeneous set of economic conditions, the allowance is measured on a collective basis on the historical amounts written-off, assessment of customer collectibility and current economic trends, including unemployment rates and any likelihood of recession for the region. At December 31, 2021, this included the estimated impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, in July 2021, California's state assembly passed legislation to authorize, fund and implement the California Arrearage Payment Program ("CAPP"), which reduced SCE's 2020 and 2021 customer arrearages for certain residential customers. SCE received $
185 million of CAPP funds on behalf of customers in January 2022. The allowance for uncollectible accounts recorded against qualified arrearages was reduced by $
78 million based on the expectation of receiving CAPP funds as of December 31, 2021. 

75

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth the changes in allowance for uncollectible accounts for SCE:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Year ended December 31, 2021

​

Year ended December 31, 2020

(in millions)

​

Customers

​

​

All others

​

​

Total

​

Customers

​

​

All others

​

​

Total

Beginning balance

$

 175

$

 13

​

$

 188

​

$

 35

$

 14

​

$

 49

Plus: current period provision for uncollectible accounts

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Included in operation and maintenance expenses in earning activities1

​

 33

​

 11

​

 44

​

 36

​

 9

​

 45

Included in operation and maintenance expenses in cost-recovery activities2

​

​

 74

​

​

 —

​

​

 74

​

​

 15

​

​

 —

​

​

 15

Deferred to regulatory memorandum accounts

​

 17

​

 —

​

 17

​

 105

​

 —

​

 105

Less: write-offs, net of recoveries

​

 6

​

 8

​

 14

​

 16

​

 10

​

 26

Ending balance

$

 293

$

 16

​

$

 309

³

$

 175

$

 13

​

$

 188

1
Earning activities is one of SCE's disaggregated revenue sources. See Note 7 for further details.

2
Cost-recovery activities is one of SCE's disaggregated revenue sources. See Note 7 for further details. This portion of costs from the allowance for uncollectible expenses is recovered through the residential uncollectibles balancing account. 

3
In June 2021, CPUC issued a decision to allow residential and small business customers of the large investor-owned utilities with arrearages over 
60

 days old to be enrolled in 
24-month

 payment plans. Accordingly, approximately 
$238

 million of gross account receivables and 
$116

 million of allowance

for uncollectible accounts have been reclassified to "Long-term account receivables" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021.

Inventory
SCE's inventory is primarily composed of materials, supplies and spare parts, and generally stated at weighted average cost.

Emission Allowances and Energy Credits
SCE is allocated greenhouse gas ("GHG") allowances annually which it is then required to sell into quarterly auctions. GHG proceeds from the auctions are recorded as a regulatory liability to be refunded to customers. SCE purchases GHG allowances in quarterly auctions or from counterparties to satisfy its GHG emission compliance obligations and recovers such costs of GHG allowances from customers. GHG allowances held for use are classified as "Other current assets" on the consolidated balance sheets and are stated, similar to an inventory method, at the lower of weighted average cost or market. SCE will evaluate GHG allowances for impairment upon a triggering event that would indicate SCE might not recover the full cost of an allowance. SCE had GHG allowances held for use of $47 million and $
78 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. GHG emission obligations were $
34 million and $
64 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are classified as "Other current liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets.

SCE is allocated low carbon fuel standard ("LCFS") credits which it sells to market participants. Proceeds from the sales, net of selling fees and program administration expenses, are recorded in a balancing account to be refunded to eligible customers. SCE's net proceeds from the sale of these LCFS credits were $193 million and $
176 million and are classified as "Regulatory liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Property, Plant and Equipment
SCE plant additions, including replacements and betterments, are capitalized. Direct material and labor and indirect costs such as construction overhead, administrative and general costs, pension and benefits, and property taxes are capitalized 

76

Table of Contents

as part of plant additions. The CPUC authorizes a capitalization rate for each of the indirect costs which are allocated to each project based on either labor or total costs.
Estimated useful lives authorized by the CPUC in the 2021 General Rate Case ("GRC") and weighted average useful lives of SCE's property, plant and equipment, are as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Weighted Average 

​

Estimated Useful Lives

Useful Lives

Generation plant

​

10 years to 
55 years

​

36 years

Distribution plant

20 years to 
67 years

​

50 years

Transmission plant

45 years to 
65 years

​

54 years

General plant and other

5 years to 
60 years

​

26 years

​

Depreciation of utility property, plant and equipment is computed on a straight-line, remaining-life basis. SCE's depreciation expense was $2.0 billion, $
1.8 billion and $
1.7 billion for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Depreciation expense stated as a percent of average original cost of depreciable utility plant was, on a composite basis, 
3.7%, 
3.6% and 
3.6% for 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The original costs of retired property are charged to accumulated depreciation. See Note 2 for further information.

Nuclear fuel for the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station ("Palo Verde") is recorded as utility plant (nuclear fuel in the fabrication and installation phase is recorded as construction in progress) in accordance with CPUC ratemaking procedures. Palo Verde nuclear fuel is amortized using the units of production method.
Allowance for funds used during construction ("AFUDC") represents the estimated cost of debt and equity funds that finance utility-plant construction and is capitalized during certain plant construction. AFUDC is recovered in rates through depreciation expense over the useful life of the related asset. AFUDC equity represents a method to compensate SCE for the estimated cost of equity used to finance utility plant additions and is recorded as part of construction in progress. AFUDC equity was $118 million, $
121 million and $
101 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and is reflected in "Other income." AFUDC debt was $
50 million, $
53 million and $
63 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively and is reflected as a reduction of "Interest expense."

Major Maintenance
Major maintenance costs for SCE's facilities and equipment are expensed as incurred.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
Impairments of long-lived assets are evaluated based on a review of estimated future cash flows expected to be generated whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such investments or assets may not be recoverable. If the carrying amount of a long-lived asset exceeds expected future cash flows, undiscounted and without interest charges, an impairment loss is recognized in the amount of the excess of fair value over the carrying amount. Fair value is determined via market, cost and income-based valuation techniques, as appropriate.
Accounting principles for rate-regulated enterprises also require recognition of an impairment loss if it becomes probable that the regulated utility will abandon a plant investment, or if it becomes probable that the cost of a recently completed plant will be disallowed, either directly or indirectly, for ratemaking purposes and a reasonable estimate of the amount of the disallowance can be made.
As a result of adoption of 2021 GRC, SCE recorded $79 million ($
47 million after-tax) related to disallowed historical capital expenditures of pole replacements the CPUC determined were performed prematurely in the third quarter of 2021.

77

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2021, SCE has $186 million in assets recorded in property, plant and equipment in relation to restoration costs related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events which may not be recoverable. These assets would be impaired if the restoration costs are permanently disallowed by the CPUC in future cost recovery proceedings. For further details, see Note 12.

Initial and annual contributions to the wildfire insurance fund established pursuant to California Assembly Bill 1054 (the "Wildfire Insurance Fund" and "AB 1054")

Edison International and SCE accounted for the contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund similarly to prepaid insurance. No period of coverage was provided in AB 1054, therefore expense is being allocated to periods ratably based on an estimated period of coverage. At December 31, 2021, Edison International and SCE have a $2.4 billion long-term asset and a $
204 million current asset reflected as "Wildfire Insurance Fund contributions" in the consolidated balance sheets for the initial $
2.4 billion contribution made during 2019 and the present value of annual contributions SCE committed to make to the Wildfire Insurance Fund, reduced by amortization. At December 31, 2021, a long-term liability of $
620 million has been reflected in "Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities" for the present value of unpaid contribution amounts. Contributions were discounted to the present value at the date SCE committed to participate in the Wildfire Insurance Fund using US treasury interest rates.

The asset was amortized over a period of 
15 years

 during 2021 and 
10 years

 during 2020. All expenses related to the contributions are being reflected in "Wildfire Insurance Fund Expense" in the consolidated statements of income. Changes in the estimated period of coverage provided by the Wildfire Insurance Fund could lead to material changes in future expense recognition. In estimating the period of coverage, Edison International and SCE used 
Monte Carlo 
simulations based on historical data from wildfires caused by electrical utility equipment to estimate expected losses, using 
seven years

 (2014 – 2020) of available historical data in 2021 and 
five years

 (2014 – 2018) of available historical data in 2020. The details of the operation of the Wildfire Insurance Fund and estimates related to claims by SCE, Pacific Gas & Electric Company ("PG&E") and San Diego Gas & Electric ("SDG&E") against the fund have been applied to the expected loss simulations to estimate the period of coverage of the fund. The most sensitive inputs to the estimated period of coverage are the expected frequency of wildfire events caused by investor-owned utility electrical equipment and the estimated costs associated with those forecasted events. Edison International and SCE evaluate all inputs annually, or upon claims being made from the fund for catastrophic wildfires, and the expected life of the insurance fund will be adjusted as required. Based on information available in the first quarter of 2022 regarding catastrophic wildfires during 2021, SCE reassessed its estimate of the life of the Wildfire Insurance Fund. Using 
eight years

 of historical data (2014 – 2021) of wildfires caused by electrical utility equipment to create 
Monte Carlo
 simulations of expected loss, the expected life of the Wildfire Insurance Fund remained 
15 years

 from the date SCE committed to participate in the Wildfire Insurance Fund.

Edison International and SCE will assess the Wildfire Insurance Fund contribution assets for impairment in the event that a participating utility's electrical equipment is found to be the substantial cause of a catastrophic wildfire, based on the ability of SCE to benefit from the coverage provided by the Wildfire Insurance Fund in an amount equal to the recorded assets.

Nuclear Decommissioning and Asset Retirement Obligations
The fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation ("ARO") is recorded in the period in which it is incurred, including a liability for the fair value of a conditional ARO, if the fair value can be reasonably estimated even though uncertainty exists about the timing and/or method of settlement. When an ARO liability is initially recorded, SCE capitalizes the cost by increasing the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. For each subsequent period, the liability is increased for accretion expense and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset.

78

Table of Contents

SCE has not recorded an ARO for assets that are expected to operate indefinitely or where SCE cannot estimate a settlement date (or range of potential settlement dates). As such, ARO liabilities are not recorded for certain retirement activities, including certain hydroelectric facilities.
The following table summarizes the changes in SCE's ARO liability:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

Beginning balance

​

$

 2,930

​

$

 3,029

Accretion1

​

 157

​

 160

Revisions

​

 (77)

​

 (36)

Liabilities settled

​

 (238)

​

 (223)

Ending balance

​

$

 2,772

​

$

 2,930

1
An ARO represents the present value of a future obligation. Accretion is an increase in the liability to account for the time value of money resulting from discounting.

AROs related to decommissioning of SCE's nuclear power facilities are based on site-specific studies conducted as part of each Nuclear Decommissioning Cost Triennial Proceeding ("NDCTP") conducted before the CPUC. Revisions of an ARO are established for updated site-specific decommissioning cost estimates.
The ARO for decommissioning SCE's San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station ("San Onofre") and Palo Verde nuclear power facilities is $2.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. The liability to decommission SCE's nuclear power facilities is based on a 2020 decommissioning study to be filed as part of the 2021 NDCTP for San Onofre Unit 1, 2 and 3 and a 2019 decommissioning study for Palo Verde, with revisions to the cost estimate in 2020. As a result of the 2020 decommissioning study update to San Onofre Units 1, 2, and 3, SCE recorded a decrease of $
131 million to its ARO liability in 2021, primarily due to the timing of spending compared to the 2018 decommissioning cost estimates as well as changes in escalation and discount rates. 

SCE records an ARO regulatory liability as a result of timing differences between the recognition of costs and the recovery of costs through the ratemaking process. For further information, see Note 11.
Decommissioning of San Onofre Unit 1 began in 1999 and the transfer of spent nuclear fuel from Unit 1 to dry cask storage in the Independent Spent Fuel Storage Installation ("ISFSI") was completed in 2005. Major decommissioning work for Unit 1 has been completed except for certain underground work. Decommissioning of San Onofre Units 2 and 3 began in June 2013 and the transfer of spent nuclear fuel from San Onofre Units 2 and 3 to dry cask storage in the two ISFSIs was completed in August 2020. In October 2019, the California Coastal Commission ("CCC") approved SCE's application for the Coastal Development Permit, the principal discretionary permit required to start major decommissioning activities at San Onofre Units 2 and 3. In August 2020, SCE commenced, and is currently conducting, major decommissioning activities in accordance with the terms of the permit. The CCC's issuance of the permit was challenged in December 2019 and an October 2021 Los Angeles Superior Court ruling upholding the validity of the permit has been appealed.
Decommissioning costs, which are recovered through customer rates over the term of each nuclear facility's operating license, are recorded as a component of depreciation expense, with a corresponding credit to the ARO regulatory liability. Due to regulatory recovery of SCE's nuclear decommissioning expense, prudently incurred costs for nuclear decommissioning activities do not affect SCE's earnings. Amortization of the ARO asset (included within the unamortized nuclear investment) and accretion of the ARO liability are deferred as decreases to the ARO regulatory liability account, resulting in no impact on earnings.
SCE has collected in rates amounts for the future decommissioning of its nuclear assets and has placed those amounts in independent trusts. Amounts collected in rates in excess of the ARO liability are classified as regulatory liabilities.

79

Table of Contents

Changes in the estimated costs, timing of decommissioning or the assumptions underlying these estimates could cause material revisions to the estimated total cost to decommission. SCE currently estimates that it will spend approximately $6.3 billion through 2080 to decommission its nuclear facilities. This estimate is based on SCE's decommissioning cost methodology used for ratemaking purposes, escalated at rates ranging from 
1.7% to 
7.5% (depending on the cost element) annually. These costs are expected to be funded from independent decommissioning trusts. SCE estimates annual after-tax earnings on the decommissioning funds of 
1.3% to 
4.8% dependent on asset class. If the assumed return on trust assets is not earned or costs escalate at higher rates, SCE expects that additional funds needed for decommissioning will be recoverable through future rates, subject to a reasonableness review. See Note 10 for further information.

Due to regulatory recovery of SCE's nuclear decommissioning expense, prudently incurred costs for nuclear decommissioning activities do not affect SCE's earnings. SCE's nuclear decommissioning costs are subject to CPUC review through the triennial regulatory proceedings. SCE's nuclear decommissioning trust investments primarily consist of fixed income investments that are classified as available-for-sale and equity investments. Due to regulatory mechanisms, investment earnings and realized gains and losses have no impact on earnings. Unrealized gains and losses on decommissioning trust funds, including impairment, increase or decrease the trust assets and the related regulatory asset or liability and have no impact on electric utility revenue or decommissioning expense. SCE reviews each fixed income security for impairment on the last day of each month. If the fair value on the last day of the month is less than the amortized cost for that security, SCE impairs the disclosed amortized cost. If the fair value is greater or less than the carrying value for that security at the time of sale, SCE recognizes a related realized gain or loss, respectively.

Deferred Financing Costs
Debt premium, discount and issuance expenses incurred in connection with obtaining financing are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis. Under CPUC ratemaking procedures, SCE's debt reacquisition expenses are amortized over the remaining life of the reacquired debt or, if refinanced, the life of the new debt. SCE had unamortized losses on reacquired debt of $121 million and $
133 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, reflected as long-term "Regulatory assets" in the consolidated balance sheets. In addition, Edison International and SCE had debt issuance costs related to issuances of long-term debt of $
153 million and $
143 million at December 31, 2021, respectively, and $
131 million and $
117 million at December 31, 2020, respectively, reflected as a reduction of "Long-term debt" on the consolidated balance sheets.

Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to interest expense is as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Amortization of deferred financing costs charged to interest expense

​

$

 34

​

$

 32

​

$

 30

​

$

 29

​

$

 27

​

$

 26

​

Revenue Recognition
Revenue is recognized by Edison International and SCE when a performance obligation to transfer control of the promised goods is satisfied or when services are rendered to customers. This typically occurs when electricity is delivered to customers, which includes amounts for services rendered but unbilled at the end of a reporting period.
SCE's Revenue from Contracts with Customers
Provision of Electricity
SCE principally generates revenue through supplying and delivering electricity to its customers. Rates charged to customers are based on tariff rates, approved by the CPUC and FERC. Starting with SCE's 2021 GRC, revenue will be 

80

Table of Contents

authorized through quadrennial GRC proceedings, which are intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs and earn a return on its CPUC-jurisdictional rate base. The CPUC sets an annual revenue requirement for the base year and the remaining three years are set by a methodology established in the GRC proceeding. Revenue was previously authorized by the CPUC in triennial GRC proceedings. As described above, SCE also earns revenue, with no return, to recover costs for power procurement, certain wildfire related expenses and other activities.
Revenue is authorized by the FERC through a formula rate which is intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover transmission capital and operating costs that are prudently incurred, including a return on its FERC-jurisdictional rate base. Under the operation of the formula rate, transmission revenue is updated to actual cost of service annually.
For SCE's electricity sales for both residential and non-residential customers, SCE satisfies the performance obligation of delivering electricity over time as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the delivered electricity.
Energy sales are typically on a month-to-month implied contract for transmission, distribution and generation services. Revenue is recognized over time as the energy is supplied and delivered to customers and the respective revenue is billed and paid on a monthly basis.
CPUC and FERC rates decouple authorized revenue from the volume of electricity sales and the price of energy procured so that SCE receives revenue equal to amounts authorized by the relevant regulatory agencies. As a result, the volume of electricity sold to customers and specific customer classes does not have a direct impact on SCE's financial results. See Note 7 for further information on SCE's revenue.
Sales and Use Taxes
SCE bills certain sales and use taxes levied by state or local governments to its customers. Included in these sales and use taxes are franchise fees, which SCE pays to various municipalities (based on contracts with these municipalities) in order to operate within the limits of the municipality. SCE bills these franchise fees to its customers based on a CPUC-authorized rate. These franchise fees, which are required to be paid regardless of SCE's ability to collect from the customer, are accounted for on a gross basis. SCE's franchise fees billed to customers were $147 million, $
131 million and $
122 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. When SCE acts as an agent for sales and use tax, the taxes are accounted for on a net basis. Amounts billed to and collected from customers for these taxes are remitted to the taxing authorities and are not recognized as electric utility revenue.

SCE's Alternative Revenue Programs
The CPUC and FERC have authorized additional, alternative revenue programs which adjust billings for the effects of broad external factors. These alternative revenue programs allow SCE to recover costs that SCE has been authorized to pass on to customers, including costs of certain operations and maintenance activities, costs to purchase electricity and natural gas, and to fund public purpose, demand response, and customer energy efficiency programs. In general, revenue is recognized for these alternative revenue programs at the time the costs are incurred. SCE begins recognizing revenues for these programs when a program has been established by an order from either the CPUC or FERC that allows for automatic adjustment of future rates, the amount of revenue for the period is objectively determinable and probable of recovery and the revenue will be collected within 24 months following the end of the annual period.
Regulatory Proceedings
2021 General Rate Case
In August 2021, the CPUC approved a final decision in SCE's 2021 GRC, authorized a base rate revenue requirement of $6.9 billion in 2021, an increase of $
1.0 billion over revenue requirements authorized for 2020 in the 2018 GRC. See Note 11 for further information.

81

Table of Contents

Power Purchase Agreements
SCE enters into power purchase agreements ("PPAs") in the normal course of business. A power purchase agreement may be considered a variable interest in a variable interest entity ("VIE"). If SCE is the primary beneficiary in the VIE, SCE should consolidate the VIE. None of SCE's PPAs resulted in consolidation of a VIE at December 31, 2021 and 2020. See Note 3 for further discussion of PPAs that are considered variable interests.
A PPA may also contain a lease for accounting purposes. See "Leases" below and Note 12 and Note 13 for further discussion of SCE's PPAs, including agreements that are classified as operating and finance leases for accounting purposes.
A PPA that does not contain a lease may be classified as a derivative which is recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. These PPAs may be eligible for an election to designate as a normal purchase and sale, which is accounted for on an accrual basis as an executory contract. See Note 6 for further information on derivative instruments.
PPAs that do not meet the above classifications are accounted for on an accrual basis.

Derivative Instruments
SCE records derivative instruments on its consolidated balance sheets as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value unless otherwise exempted from derivative treatment as normal purchases or sales. The normal purchases and sales exception requires, among other things, physical delivery in quantities expected to be used or sold over a reasonable period in the normal course of business.
Realized gains and losses from SCE's derivative instruments are expected to be recovered from or refunded to customers through regulatory mechanisms and, therefore, SCE's fair value changes have no impact on purchased power expense or earnings. SCE does not use hedge accounting for derivative transactions due to regulatory accounting treatment.
Where SCE's derivative instruments are subject to a master netting agreement and certain criteria are met, SCE presents its derivative assets and liabilities on a net basis on its consolidated balance sheets. In addition, derivative positions are offset against margin and cash collateral deposits. The results of derivative activities are recorded as part of cash flows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. See Note 6 for further information on derivative instruments.

Leases
A lease is defined as a contract, or part of a contract, that conveys the right to control the use of identified assets for a period of time in exchange for consideration. An entity controls the use when it has a right to obtain substantially all of the benefits from the use of the identified asset and has the right to direct the use of the asset. SCE determines if an arrangement is a lease at contract inception. For all classes of underlying assets, except battery storage assets which were first contracted in 2020 and for which each component will be separately accounted for, SCE includes both the lease and non-lease components as a single component and accounts for it as a lease. Lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. SCE calculates and uses the rate implicit in the lease if the information is readily available or if not available, SCE uses its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. Incremental borrowing rates are comprised of underlying risk-free rates and secured credit spreads relative to first mortgage bonds with like tenors of lease term durations. Lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets are based on the liability, subject to adjustments, such as lease incentives. The ROU assets also include any lease payments made at or before the commencement date. SCE excludes variable lease payments in measuring lease assets and lease liabilities, other than those that depend on an index or a rate or are in substance fixed payments. SCE's lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that such options will be exercised. Operating leases are included in "Operating lease right-of-use assets," "Current portion of operating lease 

82

Table of Contents

liabilities" and "Operating lease liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in "Utility property, plant and equipment," "Other current liabilities" and "Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities" on the consolidated balance sheets. SCE elected to exclude from the balance sheet short-term lease contracts of one year or less.
SCE enters into power purchase agreements that may contain leases. This occurs when a power purchase agreement designates a specific power plant, SCE obtains substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of the plant and has the right to direct the use of the plant. SCE also enters into a number of agreements to lease property and equipment in the normal course of business, primarily related to vehicles, office space and other equipment. See Note 13 for further discussion of SCE's contracts that are classified as operating and finance leases.
Edison International Parent and Other's leases primarily relate to Edison Energy Group. The leases for Edison International Parent and Other are immaterial to Edison International.

Stock-Based Compensation
Stock options, performance shares, deferred stock units and restricted stock units have been granted under Edison International's long-term incentive compensation programs. For equity awards that are settled in common stock, Edison International either issues new common stock, or uses a third party to purchase shares from the market and deliver such shares for the settlement of the awards. The performance shares granted during 2018 that were earned have been settled solely in cash. The performance shares granted in 2019, 2020 and 2021 that are earned will be settled in common stock. Stock options, deferred stock units and restricted stock units are settled in common stock. However, for awards that are otherwise settled entirely in common stock, Edison International substitutes cash awards to the extent necessary to satisfy applicable tax withholding obligations or government levies.
Stock-based compensation expense is recognized, net of estimated forfeitures, on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period based on estimated fair values. For equity awards paid in common stock, fair value is determined at the grant date. For equity awards that have market conditions defined in the grants, expense is recognized based on grant date fair value if the requisite service period is fulfilled. However, with respect to the portion of the performance shares payable in common stock that are subject to financial performance conditions defined in the grants, the number of performance shares expected to be earned is subject to revision and updated at each reporting period, with a related adjustment to compensation expense.
Awards paid in cash are classified as share-based liability awards and fair value is remeasured at each reporting date with the related compensation cost adjusted. For awards granted to retirement-eligible participants, stock compensation expense is recognized on a prorated basis over the initial year. For awards granted to participants who become eligible for retirement during the requisite service period, stock compensation expense is recognized over the period between the date of grant and the date the participant first becomes eligible for retirement. Edison International and SCE estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest rather than account for forfeitures when they occur. Share-based payments may create a permanent difference between the amount of compensation expense recognized for book and tax purposes. The tax impact of this permanent difference is recognized in earnings in the period it is created. See Note 9 for further information.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan

In April 2021, the Edison International Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") was approved by shareholders and was effective beginning July 1, 2021. The maximum aggregate numbers of shares of Edison International's common stock that may be issued under the ESPP is 3,000,000 shares. The ESPP is administered by the SCE Benefits Committee and allows eligible employees to purchase shares of common stock. Eligible employees may authorize payroll deductions of between 
1% and 
10% of their compensation, up to a maximum of $
25,000, to purchase shares of common stock at 
97% 

83

Table of Contents

of the market price of the common stock on the date of purchase, which is the last day of each six months offering period. The ESPP is considered noncompensatory and stock issuances under the ESPP are recorded directly in equity.

SCE Dividends
CPUC holding company rules require that SCE's dividend policy be established by SCE's Board of Directors on the same basis as if SCE were a stand-alone utility company, and that the capital requirements of SCE, as deemed to be necessary to meet SCE's electricity service obligations, shall receive first priority from the Boards of Directors of both Edison International and SCE. In addition, the CPUC regulates SCE's capital structure which limits the dividends it may pay to its shareholders.
Effective January 1, 2020, the common equity component of SCE's CPUC authorized capital structure was increased from 48% to 
52% on a weighted average basis over the January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022 compliance period. Certain amounts, including the impact of SCE's contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund under AB 1054, are excluded from the measurement of SCE's CPUC-jurisdictional authorized capital structure. For further information, see Note 12.

The CPUC authorized capital structure differs from the capital structure calculated based on GAAP due to certain exclusions allowed by CPUC. In May 2020, the CPUC issued a decision on SCE's application to the CPUC for waiver of compliance with its equity ratio requirement, that allows SCE to exclude from its equity ratio calculations (i) net charges accrued in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events and (ii) debt issued for the purpose of paying claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events up to an amount equal to the net charges accrued in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The temporary exclusion will lapse on May 7, 2022 and SCE anticipates filing another application for waiver of compliance with its equity ratio requirement in April 2022. Under the CPUC's rules, SCE will not be deemed to be in violation of the equity ratio requirement while the waiver application is pending resolution. While the exclusion is in place, SCE is required to notify the CPUC if an adverse financial event reduces SCE's spot equity ratio by more than one percent from the level most recently filed with the CPUC in the proceeding. The last spot equity ratio SCE filed with the CPUC in the proceeding did not exclude the then $
1.8 billion net charge and was 
45.2% as of December 31, 2018 (at the time the common equity component of SCE's CPUC authorized capital structure was required to remain at or above 
48% on a weighted average basis over the applicable 
37-month period). SCE's spot equity ratio on December 31, 2018 would have been 
48.7% had the $
1.8 billion net charge at December 31, 2018 been excluded, therefore SCE will notify the CPUC if its spot ratio drops below 
47.7% in any quarter. For further information, see Note 12. 

SCE monitors its compliance with the CPUC's equity ratio requirement based on the weighted average of the common equity component of SCE's CPUC authorized capital structure over the Capital Structure Compliance Period using its actual capital structure from the beginning of the Capital Structure Compliance Period through the reporting date together with forecasted performance and expected financing activities for the remainder of the Capital Structure Compliance Period. SCE expects to be compliant with its CPUC authorized capital structure at December 31, 2022.
SCE's ability to declare and pay common dividends may be restricted under the terms of its outstanding series of preference stock. For further information see Note 14.

As a California corporation, SCE's ability to pay dividends is also governed by the California General Corporation Law. California law requires that for a dividend to be declared: (a) retained earnings must equal or exceed the proposed dividend, or (b) immediately after the dividend is made, the value of the corporation's assets must exceed the value of its liabilities plus amounts required to be paid, if any, in order to liquidate stock senior to the shares receiving the dividend. Additionally, a California corporation may not declare a dividend if it is, or as a result of the dividend would be, likely to be unable to meet its liabilities as they mature. Prior to declaring dividends, SCE's Board of Directors evaluates available information, including when applicable, information pertaining to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, to ensure 

84

Table of Contents

that the California law requirements for the declarations are met. On February 24, 2022, SCE declared a dividend to Edison International of $325 million.

The timing and amount of future dividends are also dependent on a number of other factors including SCE's requirements to fund other obligations and capital expenditures, its ability to access the capital markets, and generate operating cash flows and earnings. If SCE incurs significant costs related to catastrophic wildfires, including the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, and is unable to recover such costs through insurance, the Wildfire Insurance Fund (for fires after July 12, 2019), or from customers or is unable to access capital markets on reasonable terms, SCE may be limited in its ability to pay future dividends to Edison International and its preference shareholders.

Earnings Per Share
Edison International computes earnings per common share ("EPS") using the two-class method, which is an earnings allocation formula that determines EPS for each class of common stock and participating security. Edison International's participating securities are stock-based compensation awards, payable in common shares, which earn dividend equivalents on an equal basis with common shares once the awards are vested. See Note 9 and Note 14 for further information.
EPS attributable to Edison International common shareholders was computed as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions, except per-share amounts)

2021

2020

2019

Basic earnings per share:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Net income attributable to common shareholders

​

$

 759

​

$

 739

​

$

 1,284

Net income available to common shareholders

​

$

 759

​

$

 739

​

$

 1,284

Weighted average common shares outstanding

​

​

 380

​

​

 373

​

​

 340

Basic earnings per share

​

$

 2.00

​

$

 1.98

​

$

 3.78

Diluted earnings per share:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Net income attributable to common shareholders

​

$

 759

​

$

 739

​

$

 1,284

Net income available to common shareholders

​

$

 759

​

$

 739

​

$

 1,284

Income impact of assumed conversions

​

​

 1

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

Net income available to common shareholders and assumed conversions

​

$

 760

​

$

 739

​

$

 1,284

Weighted average common shares outstanding

​

​

 380

​

​

 373

​

​

 340

Incremental shares from assumed conversions

​

​

 —

​

​

 1

​

​

 1

Adjusted weighted average shares – diluted

​

​

 380

​

​

 374

​

​

 341

Diluted earnings per share

​

$

 2.00

​

$

 1.98

​

$

 3.77

​

In addition to the participating securities discussed above, Edison International also may award stock options, which are payable in common shares and are included in the diluted earnings per share calculation. Stock option awards to purchase 10,239,501, 
9,066,753 and 
4,511,802 shares of common stock for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, were outstanding, but were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because the effect would have been antidilutive.

Income Taxes
Edison International and SCE estimate their income taxes for each jurisdiction in which they operate. This involves estimating current period tax expense along with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items (such as depreciation) for tax and accounting purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the consolidated balance sheets.

85

Table of Contents

Income tax expense includes the current tax liability from operations and the change in deferred income taxes during the year. Interest income, interest expense and penalties associated with income taxes are generally reflected in "Income tax expense" on the consolidated statements of income.
Edison International's eligible subsidiaries are included in Edison International's consolidated federal income tax and combined state tax returns. Edison International has tax-allocation and payment agreements with certain of its subsidiaries. Pursuant to an income tax-allocation agreement approved by the CPUC, SCE's tax liability is computed as if it filed its federal and state income tax returns on a separate return basis.

New Accounting Guidance
Accounting Guidance Adopted
In August 2020, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to simplify the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. The amendments in this update affect entities that issue convertible instruments indexed to or potentially settled in an entity's own equity. This guidance also simplifies an entity's application of the derivatives scope exception for contracts in its own equity and amends certain aspects of the EPS guidance. Edison International and SCE have adopted this standard on January 1, 2021 using modified retrospective adoption approach. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on Edison International's and SCE's financial position or results of operations.
Accounting Guidance Not Yet Adopted
In November 2021, the FASB issued an accounting standards update to require business entities that account for transactions with a government by analogizing to a grant or contribution accounting model to make certain annual disclosures. The guidance is effective January 1, 2022 with early adoption permitted. Edison International and SCE do not expect the adoption of this standard to materially affect the annual disclosures.

Note 2.
Property, Plant and Equipment

SCE's property, plant and equipment included in the consolidated balance sheets is composed of the following:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

Distribution

​

$

 30,821

​

$

 28,663

Transmission

​

 17,016

​

 15,669

Generation

​

 3,769

​

 3,709

General plant and other

​

 6,108

​

 5,129

Accumulated depreciation

​

 (11,407)

​

 (10,681)

​

​

 46,307

​

 42,489

Construction work in progress

​

 4,067

​

 5,033

Nuclear fuel, at amortized cost

​

 123

​

 131

Total utility property, plant and equipment

​

$

 50,497

​

$

 47,653

​

Capitalized Software Costs
SCE capitalizes costs incurred during the application development stage of internal use software projects to property, plant and equipment. SCE amortizes capitalized software costs ratably over the expected lives of the software, primarily ranging from 5 to 
7 years and commencing upon operational use. Capitalized software costs, included in general plant and other above, were $
2.0 billion and $
1.2 billion at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and accumulated amortization was $
0.6 billion and $
0.6 billion, at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization expense for capitalized software was $
311 million, $
218 million and $
190 million in 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. At 

86

Table of Contents

December 31, 2021, amortization expense is estimated to be $338 million, $
310 million, $
272 million, $
220 million and $
144 million for 2022 through 2026, respectively.

Jointly Owned Utility Projects
SCE owns undivided interests in transmission and generating assets for which each participant provides its own financing. SCE's proportionate share of these assets is reflected in the consolidated balance sheets and included in the above table. SCE's proportionate share of expenses for each project is reflected in the consolidated statements of income.
The following is SCE's investment in each asset as of December 31, 2021:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Construction

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Plant in

 Work in 

Accumulated

Nuclear Fuel 

Net Book 

Ownership 

(in millions)

 ​

 Service

 ​

Progress

 ​

Depreciation

 ​

 (at amortized cost)

 ​

Value

 ​

Interest

Transmission systems:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Eldorado

​

$

 336

​

$

 94

​

$

 49

​

$

 —

​

$

 381

​

 86

%

Pacific Intertie

​

 351

​

 1

​

 75

​

 —

​

 277

 50

%

Generating station:

​

​

​

​

​

​

Palo Verde (nuclear)

​

 2,146

​

 53

​

 1,629

​

 123

​

 693

 16

%

Total

​

$

 2,833

​

$

 148

​

$

 1,753

​

$

 123

​

$

 1,351

​

​

In addition to the jointly owned assets in the table above, SCE has ownership interests in jointly owned power poles with other companies.

Note 3.
Variable Interest Entities

A VIE is defined as a legal entity that meets one of two conditions: (1) the equity owners do not have sufficient equity at risk, or (2) the holders of the equity investment at risk, as a group, lack any of the following three characteristics: decision-making rights, the obligation to absorb losses, or the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity. The primary beneficiary is identified as the variable interest holder that has both the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The primary beneficiary is required to consolidate the VIE. Commercial and operating activities are generally the factors that most significantly impact the economic performance of such VIEs. Commercial and operating activities include construction, operation and maintenance, fuel procurement, dispatch and compliance with regulatory and contractual requirements.
Variable Interest in VIEs that are Consolidated
SCE Recovery Funding LLC is a bankruptcy remote, wholly owned special purpose subsidiary, consolidated by SCE. SCE Recovery Funding LLC is a VIE and SCE is the primary beneficiary. SCE Recovery Funding LLC was formed in 2021 for the purpose of issuing and servicing securitized bonds related to SCE's AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures.
In 2021, SCE Recovery Funding LLC issued $338 million of securitized bonds in three tranches and used the proceeds to acquire SCE's right, title and interest in and to non-bypassable rates and other charges to be collected from certain existing and future customers in SCE's service territory, associated with the AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures ("Recovery Property"), until the bonds are paid in full and all financing costs have been recovered. The securitized bonds are secured by the Recovery Property and cash collections from the non-bypassable rates and other charges are the sole source of funds to satisfy the debt obligation. The bondholders have no recourse to SCE. For further details, see Note 5. 
In February 2022, SCE Recovery Funding LLC issued 
$533

 million of securitized bonds. For further details, see Note 5.

​

87

Table of Contents

The following table summarizes the impact of SCE Recovery Funding LLC on SCE's and Edison International's consolidated balance sheets.
​

​

​

​

(in millions)

​

December 31, 2021

Other current assets

$

 19

Regulatory assets: Non-current

​

 325

Regulatory liabilities: Current

​

 (14)

Current portion of long-term debt

​

 (14)

Other current liabilities

​

 (1)

Long-term debt1

 (314)

1
The bondholders have no recourse to SCE. Balance is net of unamortized debt issuance costs.

Variable Interest in VIEs that are not Consolidated
Power Purchase Agreements
SCE has PPAs that are classified as variable interests in VIEs, including agreements through which SCE provides the natural gas to fuel the plants, fixed price contracts for renewable energy, and resource adequacy agreements that, upon the seller's election, include the purchase of energy at fixed prices. SCE has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs since it does not control the commercial and operating activities of these entities. Since payments for capacity are the primary source of income, the most significant economic activity for these VIEs is the operation and maintenance of the power plants. 
As of the balance sheet date, the carrying amount of assets and liabilities in SCE's consolidated balance sheet that relate to involvement with VIEs that are not consolidated result from amounts due under the PPAs. Under these contracts, SCE recovers the costs incurred through demonstration of compliance with its CPUC-approved long-term power procurement plans. SCE has no residual interest in the entities and has not provided or guaranteed any debt or equity support, liquidity arrangements, performance guarantees or other commitments associated with these contracts other than the purchase commitments described in Note 12. As a result, there is no significant potential exposure to loss to SCE from its variable interest in these VIEs. The aggregate contracted capacity dedicated to SCE from these VIE projects was 3,545 megawatts ("MW") and 
5,103 MW at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the amounts that SCE paid to these projects were $
673 million and $
744 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts are recoverable in customer rates, subject to reasonableness review.

Unconsolidated Trusts of SCE
SCE Trust II, Trust III, Trust IV, Trust V and Trust VI were formed in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, for the exclusive purpose of issuing the 5.10%, 
5.75%, 
5.375%, 
5.45% and 
5.00% trust preference securities, respectively ("trust securities"). The trusts are VIEs. SCE has concluded that it is not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as it does not have the obligation to absorb the expected losses or the right to receive the expected residual returns of the trusts. SCE Trust II, Trust III, Trust IV, Trust V and Trust VI issued to the public trust securities in the face amounts of $
400 million, $
275 million, $
325 million, $
300 million and $
475 million (cumulative, liquidation amounts of $
25 per share), respectively, and $
10,000 of common stock each to SCE. The trusts invested the proceeds of these trust securities in Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K and Series L Preference Stock issued by SCE in the principal amounts of $
400 million, $
275 million, $
325 million, $
300 million and $
475 million (cumulative, $
2,500 per share liquidation values), respectively, which have substantially the same payment terms as the respective trust securities.

The Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K and Series L Preference Stock and the corresponding trust securities do not have a maturity date. Upon any redemption of any shares of the Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K or Series L Preference Stock, a corresponding dollar amount of trust securities will be redeemed by the applicable trust (see Note 14 

88

Table of Contents

for further information). The applicable trust will make distributions at the same rate and on the same dates on the applicable series of trust securities if and when the SCE board of directors declares and makes dividend payments on the related Preference Stock. The applicable trust will use any dividends it receives on the related Preference Stock to make its corresponding distributions on the applicable series of trust securities. If SCE does not make a dividend payment to any of these trusts, SCE would be prohibited from paying dividends on its common stock. SCE has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the payment of the trust securities and trust distributions, if and when SCE pays dividends on the related Preference Stock.
The Trust II, Trust III, Trust IV, Trust V and Trust VI balance sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of investments of $220
 million, $
275
 million, $
325
 million, $
300
 million and $
475
 million in the Series G, Series H, Series J, Series K and Series L Preference Stock, respectively, $
220
 million, $
275
 million, $
325
 million, $
300
 million and $
475
 million of trust securities, respectively, and $
10,000
 each of common stock.

The following table provides a summary of the trusts' income statements:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Year ended December 31, 

(in millions)

Trust II

Trust III

Trust IV

Trust V

Trust VI

2021

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Dividend income

​

$

 20

​

$

 16

​

$

 17

​

$

 16

​

$

 24

Dividend distributions

​

 20

​

 16

​

 17

​

 16

​

 24

2020

​

​

​

​

​

Dividend income

​

$

 20

​

$

 16

​

$

 17

​

$

 16

​

$

 24

Dividend distributions

​

 20

​

 16

​

 17

​

 16

​

 24

2019

​

​

​

​

​

Dividend income

​

$

 20

​

$

 16

​

$

 17

​

$

 16

​

$

 24

Dividend distributions

​

 20

​

 16

​

 17

​

 16

​

 24

​

Note 4.
Fair Value Measurements

Recurring Fair Value Measurements
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date (referred to as an "exit price"). Fair value of an asset or liability considers assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about nonperformance risk. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, nonperformance risk was not material for Edison International and SCE.
Assets and liabilities are categorized into a three-level fair value hierarchy based on valuation inputs used to determine fair value.
Level 1 – The fair value of Edison International's and SCE's Level 1 assets and liabilities is determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are available at the measurement date for identical assets and liabilities. This level includes exchange-traded equity securities, U.S. treasury securities, mutual funds and money market funds.
Level 2 – Edison International's and SCE's Level 2 assets and liabilities include fixed income securities, primarily consisting of U.S. government and agency bonds, municipal bonds and corporate bonds, and over-the-counter derivatives. The fair value of fixed income securities is determined using a market approach by obtaining quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and inputs that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the instrument.
The fair value of SCE's over-the-counter derivative contracts is determined using an income approach. SCE uses standard pricing models to determine the net present value of estimated future cash flows. Inputs to the pricing models 

89

Table of Contents

include forward published or posted clearing prices from an exchange (Intercontinental Exchange) for similar instruments and discount rates. A primary price source that best represents trade activity for each market is used to develop observable forward market prices in determining the fair value of these positions. Broker quotes, prices from exchanges or comparison to executed trades are used to validate and corroborate the primary price source. These price quotations reflect mid-market prices (average of bid and ask) and are obtained from sources believed to provide the most liquid market for the commodity.
Level 3 – The fair value of SCE's Level 3 assets and liabilities is determined using the income approach through various models and techniques that require significant unobservable inputs. This level includes derivative contracts that trade infrequently such as congestion revenue rights ("CRRs"). Edison International Parent and Other does not have any Level 3 assets and liabilities.
Assumptions are made in order to value derivative contracts in which observable inputs are not available. In circumstances where fair value cannot be verified with observable market transactions, it is possible that a different valuation model could produce a materially different estimate of fair value. Modeling methodologies, inputs, and techniques are reviewed and assessed as markets continue to develop and more pricing information becomes available and the fair value is adjusted when it is concluded that a change in inputs or techniques would result in a new valuation that better reflects the fair value of those derivative contracts. See Note 6 for a discussion of derivative instruments.
SCE

The following table sets forth assets and liabilities of SCE that were accounted for at fair value by level within the fair value hierarchy:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2021

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Netting

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

 and 

​

​

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Collateral1

Total

Assets at fair value

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Derivative contracts

​

$

 —

​

$

 26

​

$

 49

​

$

 (31)

​

$

 44

Money market funds and other

​

 230

​

 23

​

 —

​

 —

​

 253

Nuclear decommissioning trusts:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Stocks2

​

 1,972

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 1,972

Fixed Income3

​

 1,083

​

 1,607

​

 —

​

 —

​

 2,690

Short-term investments, primarily cash equivalents

​

 102

​

 125

​

 —

​

 —

​

 227

Subtotal of nuclear decommissioning trusts4

​

 3,157

​

 1,732

​

 —

​

 —

​

 4,889

Total assets

​

 3,387

​

 1,781

​

 49

​

 (31)

​

 5,186

Liabilities at fair value

​

​

​

​

​

Derivative contracts

​

 —

​

 42

​

 5

​

 (47)

​

 —

Total liabilities

​

 —

​

 42

​

 5

​

 (47)

​

 —

Net assets 

​

$

 3,387

​

$

 1,739

​

$

 44

​

$

 16

​

$

 5,186

​

90

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2020

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Netting

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

 and 

​

​

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Collateral1

​

Total

Assets at fair value

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Derivative contracts

​

$

 —

​

$

 6

​

$

 120

​

$

 (18)

​

$

 108

Money market funds and other

​

 39

​

 23

​

 —

​

 —

​

 62

Nuclear decommissioning trusts:

​

​

​

​

​

Stocks2

​

 1,908

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 1,908

Fixed Income3

​

 519

​

 2,113

​

 —

​

 —

​

 2,632

Short-term investments, primarily cash equivalents

​

 447

​

 52

​

 —

​

 —

​

 499

Subtotal of nuclear decommissioning trusts4

​

 2,874

​

 2,165

​

 —

​

 —

​

 5,039

Total assets

​

 2,913

​

 2,194

​

 120

​

 (18)

​

 5,209

Liabilities at fair value

​

​

​

​

​

Derivative contracts

​

 —

​

 10

​

 12

​

 (22)

​

 —

Total liabilities

​

 —

​

 10

​

 12

​

 (22)

​

 —

Net assets

​

$

 2,913

​

$

 2,184

​

$

 108

​

$

 4

​

$

 5,209

1
Represents the netting of assets and liabilities under master netting agreements and cash collateral.

2
Approximately 
75%

 and 
71%

 of SCE's equity investments were located in the United States at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

3
Includes corporate bonds, which were diversified and included collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities of 
$30

 million and 
$29

 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

4
Excludes net payables of 
$19 

million and 
$206

 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which consist of interest and dividend receivables as well as receivables and payables related to SCE's pending securities sales and purchases.

Edison International Parent and Other
Edison International Parent and Other assets measured at fair value and classified as Level 1 consisted of $12 million in equity investments as of December 31, 2021 and money market funds of $
99 million and $
24 million at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. Assets measured at fair value and classified as Level 2 consisted of short-term investments of $
6 million and $
5 million at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively.

SCE Fair Value of Level 3
The following table sets forth a summary of changes in SCE's fair value of Level 3 net derivative assets and liabilities:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Year ended December 31,

(in millions)

​

2021

​

2020

Fair value of net assets at beginning of period

​

$

 108

​

$

 78

Purchases

​

​

 —

​

​

 8

Sales

​

​

 (2)

​

​

 (5)

Settlements

​

 (63)

​

 (117)

Total realized/unrealized losses 1,2

​

 1

​

 144

Fair value of net assets at end of period

​

$

 44

​

$

 108

1    Due to regulatory mechanisms, SCE's realized and unrealized gains and losses are recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities.

2    There were 
no
 material transfers into or out of Level 3 during 2021 and 2020.

91

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth SCE's valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs used to determine fair value for significant Level 3 assets and liabilities:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Fair Value

​

​

​

Significant

​

​

​

Weighted

​

​

(in millions)

​

Valuation

​

 Unobservable

​

Range

​

Average

​

Assets

Liabilities

Technique

 Input

(per MWh)

(per MWh)

Congestion revenue rights

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2021

​

$

 49

​

$

 5

Auction prices

CAISO CRR auction prices

$(18.87)

 - 
$43.03

​

$

 1.46

December 31, 2020

​

 120

​

 12

Auction prices

CAISO CRR auction prices

(9.67)

 - 
300.47

​

​

 2.75

​

Level 3 Fair Value Uncertainty
For CRRs, increases or decreases in CAISO auction price would result in higher or lower fair value, respectively.
Nuclear Decommissioning Trusts
SCE's nuclear decommissioning trust investments include equity securities, U.S. treasury securities and other fixed income securities. Equity and treasury securities are classified as Level 1 as fair value is determined by observable market prices in active or highly liquid and transparent markets. The remaining fixed income securities are classified as Level 2. The fair value of these financial instruments is based on evaluated prices that reflect significant observable market information such as reported trades, actual trade information of similar securities, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, bids, offers and relevant credit information. There are no securities classified as Level 3 in the nuclear decommissioning trusts.
SCE's investment policies and CPUC requirements place limitations on the types and investment grade ratings of the securities that may be held by the nuclear decommissioning trust funds. These policies restrict the trust funds from holding alternative investments and limit the trust funds' exposures to investments in highly illiquid markets. With respect to equity and fixed income securities, the trustee obtains prices from third-party pricing services which SCE is able to independently corroborate as described below. The trustee monitors prices supplied by pricing services, including reviewing prices against defined parameters' tolerances and performs research and resolves variances beyond the set parameters. SCE corroborates the fair values of securities by comparison to other market-based price sources obtained by SCE's investment managers. Differences outside established thresholds are followed-up with the trustee and resolved. For each reporting period, SCE reviews the trustee determined fair value hierarchy and overrides the trustee level classification when appropriate.
Fair Value of Debt Recorded at Carrying Value
The carrying value and fair value of Edison International's and SCE's long-term debt (including current portion of long-term debt) are as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2021

December 31, 2020

​

​

Carrying 

​

Fair 

​

Carrying 

​

Fair 

(in millions)

Value1

Value2

Value1

Value2

Edison International

​

$

 25,247

​

$

 27,718

​

$

 20,337

​

$

 23,824

SCE

​

 22,110

​

 24,375

​

 17,204

​

 20,365

1    
 Carrying value is net of debt issuance costs.

2
    The fair value of Edison International's and SCE's long-term debt is classified as Level 2
.

92

Table of Contents

Note 5.
Debt and Credit Agreements

Long-Term Debt
The following table summarizes long-term debt (rates and terms are as of December 31, 2021) of Edison International and SCE:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

Edison International Parent and Other:

​

​

Debentures and notes:

​

​

2022 – 2028 (2.40% to 
5.75%)

​

$

 3,150

​

$

 3,150

Current portion of long-term debt

​

 (700)

​

 —

Unamortized debt discount/premium and issuance costs, net

​

 (13)

​

 (17)

Total Edison International Parent and Other

​

 2,437

​

 3,133

SCE:

​

​

First and refunding mortgage bonds:

​

​

2022 – 2051 (0.70% to 
6.05%)

​

 20,314

​

 16,843

Pollution-control bonds:

​

​

​

2023 – 2035 (1.45% to 
2.63%)

​

 752

​

 135

Debentures and notes:

​

​

2029 – 2053 (5.06% to 
6.65%)

​

 306

​

 306

Senior secured recovery bonds1:

​

​

​

​

​

​

2033 – 2045 (0.86% to 
2.51%)

​

​

 333

​

​

 —

Other long-term debt2

​

​

 518

​

​

 324

Current portion of long-term debt

​

 (377)

​

 (1,029)

Unamortized debt discount/premium and issuance costs, net

​

 (113)

​

 (80)

Total SCE

​

 21,733

​

 16,499

Total Edison International

​

$

 24,170

​

$

 19,632

1
The senior secured recovery bonds are payable only from and secured by the Recovery Property at SCE Recovery Funding LLC, and do not constitute a debt or other legal obligation of, or interest in, SCE or any of its affiliates, except for SCE Recovery Funding LLC. For further details, see Note 3.

2
Amounts represent short-term obligations refinanced on a long-term basis subsequent to the balance sheet dates. For further details, see "Debt Financing Subsequent to December 31, 2021."

Edison International and SCE long-term debt maturities over the next five years are as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison 

​

(in millions)

International

SCE

2022

​

$

 1,077

​

$

 377

2023

​

 2,598

​

 2,198

2024

​

 2,063

​

 1,563

2025

​

 1,314

​

 914

2026

​

 364

​

 364

​

93

Table of Contents

Liens and Security Interests
Almost all of SCE's properties are subject to a trust indenture lien. SCE has pledged first and refunding mortgage bonds as collateral for borrowed funds obtained from pollution-control bonds issued by government agencies. SCE has a debt covenant that requires a debt to total capitalization ratio to be less than or equal to 
0.65

 to 1. At December 31, 2021, SCE's debt to total capitalization ratio was 
0.55

 to 1 and was in compliance with all other financial covenants that affect access to capital. Edison International Parent's credit facility requires a consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio as defined in the applicable agreements of less than or equal to 
0.70

 to 1. At December 31, 2021, Edison International consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio was 
0.61

 to 1.

Credit Agreements and Short-Term Debt
The following table summarizes the status of the credit facilities at December 31, 2021:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

(in millions, except for rates)

Execution

​

Termination

​

Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR")

​

​

​

​

​

Outstanding

​

Outstanding

​

Amount

date

​

date

​

plus (bps) 

​

Use of proceeds

Commitment

borrowings

letters of credit

available

Edison International Parent

 June 2019

​

 May 2025

​

128

​

Support commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes1, 3

​

$

 1,500

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

$

 1,500

Total Edison International Parent:

$

 1,500

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

$

 1,500

SCE

 June 2019

​

 May 2025

​

108

​

Support commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes2, 3

​

$

 3,350

​

$

 601

​

$

 195

​

$

 2,554

Total SCE:

$

 3,350

​

$

 601

​

$

 195

​

$

 2,554

Total Edison International:

$

 4,850

​

$

 601

​

$

 195

​

$

 4,054

1
At December 31, 2021 Edison International Parent did 
no

t have any outstanding commercial paper. At December 31, 2020 Edison International Parent had 
$130

 million outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, at a weighted-average interest rate of 
0.42%

. 

2
At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, SCE had 
$601

 million and 
$725

 million outstanding commercial paper, net of discount, at a weighted-average interest rate of 
0.45%

 and 
0.43%

, respectively.

3
The aggregate maximum principal amount under the SCE and Edison International Parent revolving credit facilities may be increased up to 
$4.0

 billion and 
$2.0

 billion, respectively, provided that additional lender commitments are obtained.

94

Table of Contents

Term loan and other short-term debt

In 2021, SCE borrowed 
$1.2

 billion under a term loan agreement due in May 2022 with a variable interest rate based on SOFR plus 
0.60%

. SCE used the proceeds to repay outstanding indebtedness and to finance certain capital projects related to wildfire mitigation that meet the green loan principles set forth by international loan market organizations including the Loan Syndications and Trading Association. 

Additionally, in 2021, SCE issued 
$475

 million of SOFR plus 
0.35%

 first and refunding mortgage bonds, 
and 
$550

 million of SOFR plus 
0.47%

 first and refunding mortgage bonds, both due in 2022. The proceeds were used to partially repay floating rate first mortgage bonds due in 2021, commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes.

Debt Financing Subsequent to December 31, 2021 
In January 2022, SCE issued $500 million of 
2.75% first and refunding mortgage bonds due in 2032 and $
700 million of 
3.45% first and refunding mortgage bonds due in 2052. The proceeds of these issuances were used to finance or refinance eligible sustainable projects.

In February 2022, SCE Recovery Funding LLC issued 
$533

 million of senior secured recovery bonds, Series 2022-A, in three tranches of 
$100

 million, 
1.98%

 due 2030, 
$305

 million, 
2.94%

 due 2044, and 
$128

 million, 
3.24%

 due 2048 and used the proceeds to acquire SCE's right, title and interest in and to the Recovery Property. SCE used the proceeds it received from the sale of Recovery Property to reimburse itself for previously incurred AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures, including partial repayment of the term loan due in May 2022 as discussed above.

​

Note 6.
Derivative Instruments

Derivative financial instruments are used to manage exposure to commodity price risk. These risks are managed in part by entering into forward commodity transactions, including options, swaps and futures. To mitigate credit risk from counterparties in the event of nonperformance, master netting agreements are used whenever possible and counterparties may be required to pledge collateral depending on the creditworthiness of each counterparty and the risk associated with the transaction.
Commodity Price Risk
Commodity price risk represents the potential impact that can be caused by a change in the market value of a particular commodity. SCE's electricity price exposure arises from energy purchased from and sold to wholesale markets as a result of differences between SCE's load requirements and the amount of energy delivered from its generating facilities and PPAs. SCE's natural gas price exposure arises from natural gas purchased for the Mountainview power plant and peaker plants, QF contracts where pricing is based on a monthly natural gas index and PPAs in which SCE has agreed to provide the natural gas needed for generation, referred to as tolling arrangements.
Credit and Default Risk
Credit and default risk represent the potential impact that can be caused if a counterparty were to default on its contractual obligations and SCE would be exposed to spot markets for buying replacement power or selling excess power. In addition, SCE would be exposed to the risk of non-payment of accounts receivable, primarily related to the sales of excess power and realized gains on derivative instruments.
Certain power and gas contracts contain master netting agreements or similar agreements, which generally allow counterparties subject to the agreement to offset amounts when certain criteria are met, such as in the event of default. The objective of netting is to reduce credit exposure. Additionally, to reduce SCE's risk exposures counterparties may be 

95

Table of Contents

required to pledge collateral depending on the creditworthiness of each counterparty and the risk associated with the transaction.
Certain power and gas contracts contain a provision that requires SCE to maintain an investment grade rating from each of the major credit rating agencies, referred to as a credit-risk-related contingent feature. If SCE's credit rating were to fall below investment grade, SCE may be required to post additional collateral to cover derivative liabilities and the related outstanding payables. The net fair value of all derivative liabilities with these credit-risk-related contingent features were less than $1
 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, for which SCE has posted 
no
 collateral to its counterparties at the respective dates for its derivative liabilities and related outstanding payable for both periods. If the credit-risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements were triggered on December 31, 2021, SCE would be required to post $
18 million of additional collateral, all of which is related to outstanding payables.

Fair Value of Derivative Instruments
SCE presents its derivative assets and liabilities on a net basis on its consolidated balance sheets when subject to master netting agreements or similar agreements. Derivative positions are also offset against margin and cash collateral deposits. In addition, SCE has provided collateral in the form of letters of credit. Collateral requirements can vary depending upon the level of unsecured credit extended by counterparties, changes in market prices relative to contractual commitments and other factors. See Note 4 for a discussion of fair value of derivative instruments. The following table summarizes the gross and net fair values of SCE's commodity derivative instruments:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2021

​

​

​

​

​

Derivative Assets

​

Derivative Liabilities

​

​

​

(in millions)

Short-Term1

Long-Term2

Subtotal

Short-Term

Long-Term

Subtotal

Net Assets

Commodity derivative contracts

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Gross amounts recognized

​

$

 70

​

$

 6

​

$

 76

​

$

 46

​

$

 2

​

$

 48

​

$

 28

Gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheets

​

 (30)

​

 (2)

​

 (32)

​

 (30)

​

 (2)

​

 (32)

​

 —

Cash collateral posted3

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (16)

​

 —

​

 (16)

​

 16

Net amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets

​

$

 40

​

$

 4

​

$

 44

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

$

 44

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2020

​

​

​

​

​

Derivative Assets

​

Derivative Liabilities

​

​

​

(in millions)

Short-Term1

Long-Term2

Subtotal

Short-Term

Long-Term

Subtotal

Net Assets

Commodity derivative contracts

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Gross amounts recognized

​

$

 103

​

$

 23

​

$

 126

​

$

 16

​

$

 6

​

$

 22

​

$

 104

Gross amounts offset in the consolidated balance sheets

​

 (12)

​

 (6)

​

 (18)

​

 (12)

​

 (6)

​

 (18)

​

 —

Cash collateral posted3

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (4)

​

 —

​

 (4)

​

 4

Net amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheets

​

$

 91

​

$

 17

​

$

 108

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

$

 108

1
Included in "Other current assets" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets.

2
Included in "Other long-term assets" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets. 

3
At December 31, 2021, SCE posted 
$65

 million of cash, of which 
$16

 million was offset against derivative liabilities and 
$49

 million was reflected in "Other current assets" on the consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2020, SCE posted 
$17

 million of cash, of which 
$4

 million was offset against derivative liabilities and 
$13

 million was reflected in "Other current assets" on the consolidated balance sheets.

96

Table of Contents

Financial Statement Impact of Derivative Instruments
SCE recognizes realized gains and losses on derivative instruments as purchased power expense and expects that such gains or losses will be part of the purchased power costs recovered from customers. As a result, realized gains and losses do not affect earnings, but may temporarily affect cash flows. Due to expected future recovery from customers, unrealized gains and losses are recorded as regulatory assets and liabilities and therefore also do not affect earnings. The remaining effects of derivative activities and related regulatory offsets are reported in cash flows from operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
The following table summarizes the components of SCE's economic hedging activity:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

​

2021

​

​

2020

​

​

2019

Realized gains (losses)

​

$

 200

​

$

 87

​

$

 (7)

Unrealized (losses) gains 

​

 (75)

​

 17

​

 (74)

​

Notional Volumes of Derivative Instruments
The following table summarizes the notional volumes of derivatives used for SCE economic hedging activities:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Economic Hedges

​

​

​

Unit of

​

December 31, 

Commodity

​

Measure

2021

2020

Electricity options, swaps and forwards

​

GWh

 1,869

 1,581

Natural gas options, swaps and forwards

Bcf

 58

 34

Congestion revenue rights

GWh

 33,216

 41,151

​

​

Note 7.
Revenue

●
Earning activities – representing revenue authorized by the CPUC and FERC, which is intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs and earn a return on its net investment in generation, transmission and distribution assets. The annual revenue requirements are comprised of authorized operation and maintenance costs, depreciation, taxes and a return consistent with the capital structure. Also, included in earnings activities are revenues or penalties related to incentive mechanisms, other operating revenue and regulatory charges or disallowances.

●
Cost-recovery activities – representing CPUC- and FERC- authorized balancing accounts, which allow for recovery of specific project or program costs, subject to reasonableness review or compliance with upfront standards as well as non-bypassable rates collected for SCE Recovery Funding LLC. Cost-recovery activities include rates which provide recovery, subject to reasonableness review of, among other things, fuel costs, purchased power costs, public purpose related-program costs (including energy efficiency and demand-side management programs), certain operation and maintenance expenses, and repayment of bonds and financing costs of SCE Recovery Funding LLC. SCE earns no return on these activities.

97

Table of Contents

The following table is a summary of SCE's revenue:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

2021

​

2020

​

2019

​

​

​

​

​

Cost- 

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Cost- 

​

​

​

​

​

Cost-

​

​

​

​

​

Earning 

​

Recovery 

​

Total 

​

Earning 

​

Recovery 

​

Total 

​

Earning 

​

Recovery 

​

Total

(in millions)

Activities

Activities

Consolidated

Activities

Activities

Consolidated

Activities

Activities

 Consolidated

Revenues from contracts with customers1,2

​

$

 7,523

​

​

 6,824

​

$

 14,347

​

$

 6,920

$

 5,539

​

 12,459

$

 6,512

$

 4,655

$

 11,167

Alternative revenue programs and other operating revenue3

​

 349

​

 178

​

 527

​

 548

​

 539

​

 1,087

​

 166

​

 973

​

 1,139

Total operating revenue

​

$

 7,872

​

$

 7,002

​

$

 14,874

​

$

 7,468

​

$

 6,078

​

$

 13,546

​

$

 6,678

​

$

 5,628

​

$

 12,306

1
SCE recorded CPUC revenue based on annual revenue requirement set by a methodology established in the GRC proceeding and FERC revenue authorized through a formula rate. For further information, see Note 1.

2
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, SCE's receivables related to contracts from customers were 
$2.3 

billion and 
$1.5

 billion, which included accrued unbilled revenue of 
$794

 million and 
$521

 million, respectively.

3
Includes differences between amounts billed and authorized levels for both the CPUC and FERC.

Deferred Revenue
In July 2021, Morongo Transmission LLC ("Morongo") paid SCE $400 million for the use of a portion of the West of Devers transmission line transfer capability. Under the terms of the agreement with Morongo, SCE will provide Morongo with the use of a portion of the West of Devers transmission line transfer capability for a period of 30 years, commencing in August 2021. After the 30-year contract term, the transfer capability will revert back to SCE. SCE recognized the entire proceeds as deferred revenue and will amortize deferred revenues from the use of the transfer capability over the 30-year term on a straight-line basis resulting in revenue of $
13 million per year. The depreciation of the transmission line is also amortized over the same period on a straight-line basis. As of December 31, 2021, the deferred revenue was $
394 million, of which $
13 million and $
381 million are included in "Other current liabilities" and "Other deferred credits and other long-term liabilities," respectively, on SCE's consolidated balance sheets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, SCE has recognized revenue of $
6 million.

Note 8.
Income Taxes

Current and Deferred Taxes
The components of income tax (benefit) expense by location of taxing jurisdiction are:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Current:

​

​

​

​

​

​

Federal

​

$

 —

​

$

 13

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

$

 12

​

$

 —

State

​

 (179)

​

 (22)

​

 6

​

 (45)

​

 (26)

​

 14

​

​

 (179)

​

 (9)

​

 6

​

 (45)

​

 (14)

​

 14

Deferred:

​

​

​

​

​

​

Federal

​

 83

​

 (230)

​

 (243)

​

 83

​

 (207)

​

 (206)

State

​

 (40)

​

 (66)

​

 (41)

​

 (21)

​

 (56)

​

 (37)

​

​

 43

​

 (296)

​

 (284)

​

 62

​

 (263)

​

 (243)

Total

​

$

 (136)

​

$

 (305)

​

$

 (278)

​

$

 17

​

$

 (277)

​

$

 (229)

​

98

Table of Contents

The components of net accumulated deferred income tax liability are:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2021

2020

Deferred tax assets:

​

​

​

​

Property

​

$

 856

​

$

 590

​

$

 835

​

$

 540

Wildfire-related1

​

 558

​

 1,134

​

 558

​

 1,134

Nuclear decommissioning trust assets in excess of nuclear ARO liability

​

 517

​

 515

​

 517

​

 515

Loss and credit carryforwards2

​

 3,078

​

 1,991

​

 1,697

​

 683

Regulatory balances

​

 652

​

 841

​

 652

​

 841

Pension and postretirement benefits other than pensions, net

​

 153

​

 163

​

 30

​

 35

Leases5

​

​

 543

​

​

 307

​

​

 543

​

​

 307

Other

​

 165

​

 206

​

 179

​

 220

Sub-total

​

 6,522

​

 5,747

​

 5,011

​

 4,275

Less: valuation allowance3

​

 44

​

 35

​

 6

​

 —

Total

​

 6,478

​

 5,712

​

 5,005

​

 4,275

Deferred tax liabilities:

​

​

​

​

​

Property

​

 9,645

​

 8,879

​

 9,633

​

 8,871

Regulatory balances

​

 1,242

​

 1,111

​

 1,242

​

 1,111

Nuclear decommissioning trust assets

​

 517

​

 515

​

 517

​

 515

Leases5

​

​

 543

​

​

 307

​

​

 543

​

​

 307

Other

​

 207

​

 207

​

 186

​

 192

Total

​

 12,154

​

 11,019

​

 12,121

​

 10,996

Accumulated deferred income tax liability, net4

​

$

 5,676

​

$

 5,307

​

$

 7,116

​

$

 6,721

1
Relates to accrued estimated losses for wildfire-related claims, net of expected recoveries from insurance and FERC customers, and contributions to the Wildfire Insurance Fund. For further information, see Note 12 and Note 1.

2
As of December 31, 2021, unrecognized tax benefits of 
$277

 million and 
$221

 million for Edison International and SCE, respectively, are presented net against the deferred tax asset for the loss and tax credit carryforwards. As of December 31, 2020, the unrecognized tax benefits netted against deferred tax assets were 
$270

 million and 
$190

 million for Edison International and SCE, respectively.

3
As of December 31, 2021, Edison International and SCE have recorded a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets which are estimated to expire before being utilized. The valuation allowance for Edison International includes 
$33

 million for non-California state net operating loss carryforwards, 
$4

 million for California capital losses generated from sale of SoCore Energy in 2018, and 
$7

 million for federal and California charitable contribution carryover from 2017. Valuation allowance for SCE includes 
$6

 million for federal and California charitable contribution carryover from 2017.

4
Included in "Deferred income taxes and credits" on the consolidated balance sheets.

5
Lease-related amounts were included in "Other" in the prior year.

99

Table of Contents

Net Operating Loss and Tax Credit Carryforwards
The amounts of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards (after-tax) are as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

December 31, 2021

​

​

Loss

​

Credit

​

Loss

​

Credit

(in millions)

Carryforwards

Carryforwards

Carryforwards

Carryforwards

Expire in 2022

​

$

 7

​

$

 —

​

$

 7

​

$

 —

Expire between 2023 to 2026

​

 30

​

 —

​

 25

​

 —

Expire between 2029 to 2043

​

 1,504

​

 535

​

 702

​

 60

No expiration date1

​

 1,269

​

 10

​

 1,124

​

 —

Total

​

$

 2,810

​

$

 545

​

$

 1,858

​

$

 60

1
Under the Tax Cut and Jobs Act signed into law on December 22, 2017 ("Tax Reform"), net operating losses generated after December 31, 2017 can carryforward indefinitely.

Edison International consolidates for federal income tax purposes, but not for financial accounting purposes, a group of wind projects referred to as Capistrano Wind. The amount of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards recognized as part of deferred income taxes includes $223 million and $
218 million related to Capistrano Wind for 2021 and 2020, respectively. Under a tax allocation agreement, Edison International has recorded a corresponding liability as part of other long-term liabilities related to its obligation to make payments to Capistrano Wind when these tax benefits are realized.

​

100

Table of Contents

Effective Tax Rate
The table below provides a reconciliation of income tax expense computed at the federal statutory income tax rate to the income tax provision:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

​

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Income from operations before income taxes

​

$

 789

​

$

 566

​

$

 1,127

​

$

 952

​

$

 665

​

$

 1,301

​

Provision for income tax at federal statutory rate of 21%

​

 166

​

 119

​

 237

​

 200

​

 140

​

 273

​

Increase (decrease) in income tax from:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Items presented with related state income tax, net:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

State tax, net of federal benefit

​

 (47)

​

 (61)

​

 (22)

​

 (33)

​

 (52)

​

 (13)

​

Property-related

​

 (233)

​

 (320)

​

 (303)

​

 (233)

​

 (320)

​

 (303)

​

Change related to uncertain tax position1

​

 (147)

​

 (15)

​

 —

​

 (37)

​

 (19)

​

 —

​

Deferred tax re-measurement2

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (88)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (88)

​

2018 GRC Final Decision

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (80)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (80)

​

Wildfire related charges3

​

​

 31

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 31

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

Average rate assumption method ("ARAM") adjustment 4

​

​

 87

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

​

 87

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

​

Corporate-owned life insurance cash surrender value

​

 (8)

​

 (8)

​

 (8)

​

 (8)

​

 (8)

​

 (8)

​

Other

​

 15

​

 (20)

​

 (14)

​

 10

​

 (18)

​

 (10)

​

Total income tax (benefit) expense

​

$

 (136)

​

$

 (305)

​

$

 (278)

​

$

 17

​

$

 (277)

​

$

 (229)

​

Effective tax rate

​

 (17.2)

%  

 (53.9)

%  

 (24.7)

%  

 1.8

%  

 (41.7)

%  

 (17.6)

%

1
In 2021, Edison International and SCE recognized tax benefits related to a settlement with the California Franchise Tax Board "FTB" for tax years 2007 – 2012. See further discussion in Tax Disputes below. In 2020, Edison International and SCE recognized tax expense and benefit, respectively, primarily due to the re-measurement of uncertain tax positions related to the 2010 – 2012 California state tax filings currently under audit. 

2
Relates to changes in the allocation of deferred tax re-measurement between customers and shareholders as a result of a CPUC resolution issued in February 2019. The resolution determined that customers are only entitled to excess deferred taxes which were included when setting rates, while other deferred tax re-measurement belongs to the shareholders.

3
Relates to the non-tax deductible portions of the SED Agreement (as defined in Note 12). See Note 12 for further discussion under 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events.

4
In July 2021, SCE received the IRS' response to its private letter ruling request, regarding the scope of the deferred tax normalization requirements and the computations required to comply with the average rate assumption method. As a result, SCE's estimate changed and a cumulative true-up of 
$87

 million reduction in tax benefits was recorded in the third quarter of 2021, for the period of January 1, 2018 to June 30, 2021.

The CPUC requires flow-through ratemaking treatment for the current tax benefit arising from certain property-related and other temporary differences which reverse over time. Flow-through items reduce current authorized revenue requirements in SCE's rate cases and result in a regulatory asset for recovery of deferred income taxes in future periods. The difference between the authorized amounts as determined in SCE's rate cases, adjusted for balancing and memorandum account activities, and the recorded flow-through items also result in increases or decreases in regulatory assets with a corresponding impact on the effective tax rate to the extent that recorded deferred amounts are expected to be recovered in future rates. For further information, see Note 11.

101

Table of Contents

Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes
Authoritative guidance related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes requires an enterprise to recognize, in its financial statements, the best estimate of the impact of a tax position by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not, based solely on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination. The guidance requires the disclosure of all unrecognized tax benefits, which includes both the reserves recorded for tax positions on filed tax returns and the unrecognized portion of affirmative claims.
Unrecognized Tax Benefits
The following table provides a reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Balance at January 1,

​

$

 679

​

$

 370

​

$

 338

​

$

 320

​

$

 282

​

$

 249

Tax positions taken during the current year:

​

​

​

​

​

​

Increases

​

 53

​

 55

​

 46

​

 53

​

 56

​

 47

Tax positions taken during a prior year:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Increases1

​

 3

​

 274

​

 6

​

 1

​

 4

​

 6

Decreases2

​

 (118)

​

 (20)

​

 (20)

​

 (29)

​

 (22)

​

 (20)

Settlements with taxing authorities3

​

 (4)

​

 —

​

 —

​

 (5)

​

 —

​

 —

Balance at December 31, 

​

$

 613

​

$

 679

​

$

 370

​

$

 340

​

$

 320

​

$

 282

1
Edison International recorded favorable tax positions in 2020 in connection with the Edison Mission Energy bankruptcy that required a revaluation of the reserve for uncertain tax positions.

2
Decrease in 2021 was related to re-measurement as a result of a settlement with the FTB for tax years 2007 – 2012.

3
In 2021, Edison International reached a settlement with the FTB for tax years 2007 – 2012.

As of December 31, 2021, if recognized, $344 million of unrecognized tax benefits would impact Edison International's effective tax rate and $
71 million of the unrecognized tax benefits would impact SCE's effective tax rate.

Tax Disputes
Tax years that remain open for examination by the IRS and the FTB are 2016 – 2020 and 2013 – 2020, respectively.
In the fourth quarter of 2021, Edison International recorded the impacts of a settlement with the FTB for tax years 2007 – 2012 and has updated its uncertain tax positions to reflect this settlement. This update resulted in income tax benefits of $146 million and $
36 million at Edison International and SCE, respectively. As a result of the settlement, Edison International expects a refund of tax and interest from the FTB in the amount of $
60 million.

Accrued Interest and Penalties
The total amount of accrued interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities are:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2021

2020

Accrued interest and penalties

​

$

 —

​

$

 52

​

$

 20

​

$

 23

​

102

Table of Contents

The net after-tax interest and penalties recognized in income tax (benefit) expense are:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Net after-tax interest and penalties tax (benefit) expense

​

$

 (41)

​

$

 4

​

$

 4

​

$

 (2)

​

$

 6

​

$

 3

​

​

Note 9.
Compensation and Benefit Plans

Employee Savings Plan
The 401(k) defined contribution savings plan is designed to supplement employees' retirement income. The employer contributions were as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison

​

​

​

​

​

International

SCE

(in millions)

Years ended December 31, 

2021

​

$

 97

​

$

 96

2020

​

 93

​

 92

2019

​

 82

​

 81

​

Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions
Pension Plans
Noncontributory defined benefit pension plans (some with cash balance features) cover most employees meeting minimum service requirements. Employees hired by the participating companies on or after December 31, 2017 will no longer be eligible to participate in the pension plan. In lieu of that, an additional non-contributory employer contribution will be deposited into the Edison 401(k) Savings Plan. SCE recognizes pension expense for its nonexecutive plan as calculated by the actuarial method used for ratemaking. The expected contributions (all by the employer) for Edison International and SCE are approximately $
27 million and $
2 million, respectively, for the year ending December 31, 2022. Annual contributions made by SCE to most of SCE's pension plans are anticipated to be recovered through CPUC-approved regulatory mechanisms.

The funded position of Edison International's pension is sensitive to changes in market conditions. Changes in overall interest rate levels significantly affect the company's liabilities, while assets held in the various trusts established to fund Edison International's pension are affected by movements in the equity and bond markets. Due to SCE's regulatory recovery treatment, a regulatory asset is recorded equal to the unfunded status and a regulatory liability is recorded equal to the funded status. See Note 11 for further information.

103

Table of Contents

Information on pension plan assets and benefit obligations for continuing and discontinued operations is shown below.
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

​

(in millions)

2021

2020

2021

2020

​

Change in projected benefit obligation

​

​

​

​

​

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year

​

$

 4,476

​

$

 4,139

​

$

 3,984

​

$

 3,662

​

Service cost

​

 130

​

 121

​

 126

​

 117

​

Interest cost

​

 103

​

 124

​

 92

​

 110

​

Actuarial (gain) loss

​

 (245)

​

 323

​

 (246)

​

 292

​

Benefits paid

​

 (293)

​

 (231)

​

 (262)

​

 (197)

​

Projected benefit obligation at end of year

​

$

 4,171

​

$

 4,476

​

$

 3,694

​

$

 3,984

​

Change in plan assets

​

​

​

​

​

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

​

$

 4,171

​

$

 3,755

​

$

 3,940

​

$

 3,541

​

Actual return on plan assets

​

 368

​

 584

​

 348

​

 551

​

Employer contributions

​

 50

​

 62

​

 35

​

 45

​

Benefits paid

​

 (293)

​

 (230)

​

 (262)

​

 (197)

​

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

​

 4,296

​

 4,171

​

 4,061

​

 3,940

​

Funded status at end of year

​

$

 125

​

$

 (305)

​

$

 367

​

$

 (44)

​

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of 1:

​

​

​

​

​

Long-term assets

​

$

 384

​

$

 —

​

$

 384

​

$

 —

​

Current liabilities

​

 (26)

​

 (24)

​

 (2)

​

 (2)

​

Long-term liabilities

​

 (233)

​

 (281)

​

 (15)

​

 (42)

​

​

​

$

 125

​

$

 (305)

​

$

 367

​

$

 (44)

​

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of:

​

​

​

​

​

Prior service cost

​

$

 —

​

$

 (1)

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

Net loss1

​

 74

​

 96

​

 12

​

 16

​

​

​

 74

​

 95

​

 12

​

 16

​

Amounts recognized as a regulatory (liability)/asset

​

 (395)

​

 12

​

 (395)

​

 12

​

Total not yet recognized as (income)/expense

​

$

 (321)

​

$

 107

​

$

 (383)

​

$

 28

​

Accumulated benefit obligation at end of year

​

$

 3,947

​

$

 4,238

​

$

 3,491

​

$

 3,776

​

Pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets:

​

​

​

​

​

Projected benefit obligation

​

 4,171

​

 4,476

​

 3,694

​

 3,984

​

Accumulated benefit obligation

​

 3,947

​

 4,238

​

 3,491

​

 3,766

​

Fair value of plan assets

​

 4,296

​

 4,171

​

 4,061

​

 3,940

​

Weighted average assumptions used to determine obligations at end of year:

​

​

​

​

​

Discount rate

​

 2.75

%  

 2.38

%  

 2.75

%  

 2.38

%

Rate of compensation increase

​

 4.00

%  

 4.00

%  

 4.00

%  

 4.00

%

​

1
The SCE liability excludes a long-term payable due to Edison International Parent of 
$132 

million and 
$139

 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to certain SCE postretirement benefit obligations transferred to Edison International Parent. SCE's accumulated other comprehensive loss of 
$12

 million and 
$16

 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, excludes net losses of 
$32 

million and 
$41

 million related to these benefits, respectively.

For Edison International and SCE, respectively, the 2021 actuarial gains are primarily related to $159 million and $
149 million in gains from an increase in the discount rate (from 
2.38% as of December 31, 2020 to 
2.75% as of December 31, 2021), and $
69 million and $
83 million in gains from valuation and experience. For Edison International and SCE, respectively, the 2020 actuarial losses are primarily related to $
339 million and $
305 million in losses from a decrease in discount rate (from 
3.11% as of December 31, 2019 to 
2.38% as of December 31, 2020), $
76 million and 

104

Table of Contents

$72 million in losses from a demographic assumption change, $
48 million and $
61 million in loss from valuation and experience, partially offset by 
$117

 million and 
$124

 million in gains from other economic assumption changes.

Net periodic pension expense components are:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Service cost

$

 130

​

$

 121

​

$

 114

​

$

 127

​

$

 119

​

$

 111

Non-service cost (benefit)

​

​

​

​

​

Interest cost

 103

​

 124

​

 155

​

 95

​

 114

​

 143

Expected return on plan assets

 (222)

​

 (215)

​

 (205)

​

 (211)

​

 (203)

​

 (194)

Amortization of prior service cost

 1

​

 2

​

 2

​

 1

​

 1

​

 2

Amortization of net loss

 11

​

 10

​

 7

​

 7

​

 7

​

 5

Regulatory adjustment

 25

​

 16

​

 (3)

​

 25

​

 16

​

 (3)

Total non-service benefit

 (82)

​

 (63)

​

 (44)

​

 (83)

​

 (65)

​

 (47)

Total expense recognized

$

 48

​

$

 58

​

$

 70

​

$

 44

​

$

 54

​

$

 64

​

Other changes in pension plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Net (gain) loss

​

$

 (10)

​

$

 11

​

$

 19

​

$

 (5)

​

$

 9

​

$

 21

Amortization of net loss

​

 (11)

​

 (10)

​

 (7)

​

 (7)

​

 (7)

​

 (5)

Total (gain) loss recognized in other comprehensive income

​

 (21)

​

 1

​

 12

​

 (12)

​

 2

​

 16

Total recognized in expense and other comprehensive income

​

$

 27

​

$

 59

​

$

 82

​

$

 32

​

$

 56

​

$

 80

​

In accordance with authoritative guidance on rate-regulated enterprises, SCE records regulatory assets and liabilities instead of charges and credits to other comprehensive income for the portion of SCE's postretirement benefit plans that are recoverable in utility rates.
Edison International and SCE used the following weighted average assumptions to determine pension expense:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

​

2021

2020

2019

Discount rate

 2.38

%  

 3.11

%  

 4.19

%

Rate of compensation increase

 4.00

%  

 4.10

%  

 4.10

%

Expected long-term return on plan assets

 5.50

%  

 6.00

%  

 6.50

%

Interest crediting rate for cash balance account

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Starting rate

​

 3.03

%  

 3.61

%  

 4.46

%

Ultimate rate

​

 4.50

%  

 5.00

%  

 5.75

%

Year ultimate rate is reached

​

2025

​

2025

​

2022

​

​

105

Table of Contents

The following benefit payments, which reflect service rendered and expected future service, are expected to be paid:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison

​

​

​

​

​

International

SCE

(in millions)

Years ended December 31, 

2022

​

$

 315

​

$

 274

2023

​

 315

​

 273

2024

​

 313

​

 272

2025

​

 308

​

 269

2026

​

 306

​

 267

2027 – 2031

​

 1,358

​

 1,210

​

Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions ("PBOP(s)")
Employees hired prior to December 31, 2017 who are retiring at or after age 
55

 with at least 
10 years

 of service may be eligible for postretirement healthcare benefits. Eligibility for a company contribution toward the cost of these benefits in retirement depends on a number of factors, including the employee's years of service, age, hire date, and retirement date. Employees hired on or after December 31, 2017 are no longer eligible for retiree healthcare benefits. In lieu of those benefits, Edison International will provide a health reimbursement account of 
$200

 per month available only after meeting certain age and service year requirements. Under the terms of the Edison International Welfare Benefit Plan ("PBOP Plan"), each participating employer (Edison International or its participating subsidiaries) is responsible for the costs and expenses of al PBOP Plan benefits with respect to its employees and former employees that exceed the participants' share of contributions. A participating employer may terminate the PBOP Plan benefits with respect to its employees and former employees, as may SCE (as PBOP Plan sponsor), and, accordingly, the participants' PBOP Plan benefits are not vested benefits.

The expected contributions (substantially all of which are expected to be made by SCE) for PBOP benefits are $8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Annual contributions related to SCE employees made to SCE plans are anticipated to be recovered through CPUC-approved regulatory mechanisms and are expected to be, at a minimum, equal to the total annual expense for these plans.

SCE has three voluntary employees' beneficiary association trusts ("VEBA Trusts") that can only be used to pay for retiree health care benefits of SCE and its subsidiaries. Once funded into the VEBA Trusts, neither SCE nor Edison International can subsequently recover remaining amounts in the VEBA Trusts. Participants of the PBOP Plan do not have a beneficial interest in the VEBA Trusts. The VEBA Trust assets are sensitive to changes in market conditions. Changes in overall interest rate levels significantly affect the company's liabilities, while assets held in the various trusts established to fund Edison International's other postretirement benefits are affected by movements in the equity and bond markets. Due to SCE's regulatory recovery treatment, the funded status is offset by a regulatory liability.

106

Table of Contents

Information on PBOP Plan assets and benefit obligations is shown below:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2021

2020

Change in benefit obligation

​

​

​

​

​

Benefit obligation at beginning of year

​

$

 2,073

​

$

 2,083

​

$

 2,064

​

$

 2,074

​

Service cost

​

 40

​

 38

​

 40

​

 37

​

Interest cost

​

 52

​

 63

​

 52

​

 63

​

Actuarial loss (gain)

​

 (190)

​

 (46)

​

 (190)

​

 (45)

​

Plan participants' contributions

​

 29

​

 29

​

 29

​

 29

​

Benefits paid

​

 (100)

​

 (94)

​

 (100)

​

 (94)

​

Benefit obligation at end of year

​

$

 1,904

​

$

 2,073

​

$

 1,895

​

$

 2,064

​

Change in plan assets

​

​

​

​

​

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year

​

$

 2,717

​

$

 2,465

​

$

 2,717

​

$

 2,464

​

Actual return on assets

​

 119

​

 309

​

 119

​

 309

​

Employer contributions

​

 7

​

 8

​

 7

​

 8

​

Plan participants' contributions

​

 29

​

 29

​

 29

​

 29

​

Benefits paid

​

 (100)

​

 (94)

​

 (100)

​

 (93)

​

Fair value of plan assets at end of year

​

 2,772

​

 2,717

​

 2,772

​

 2,717

​

Funded status at end of year

​

$

 868

​

$

 644

​

$

 877

​

$

 653

​

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets consist of:

​

​

​

​

​

​

Long-term assets

​

$

 876

​

$

 663

​

$

 885

​

$

 663

​

Current liabilities

​

 (8)

​

 (10)

​

 (8)

​

 (10)

​

Long-term liabilities

​

 —

​

 (9)

​

 —

​

 —

​

​

​

$

 868

​

$

 644

​

$

 877

​

$

 653

​

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss consist of:

​

​

​

​

​

Net loss

​

$

 1

​

$

 1

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

Amounts recognized as a regulatory liability

​

 (886)

​

 (671)

​

 (886)

​

 (671)

​

Total not yet recognized as income

​

$

 (885)

​

$

 (670)

​

$

 (886)

​

$

 (671)

​

Weighted average assumptions used to determine obligations at end of year:

​

​

​

​

​

Discount rate

​

 2.95

%  

 2.67

%  

 2.95

%  

 2.67

%

Assumed health care cost trend rates:

​

​

​

​

​

​

Rate assumed for following year

​

 6.25

%  

 6.50

%  

 6.25

%  

 6.50

%

Ultimate rate

​

 5.00

%  

 5.00

%  

 5.00

%  

 5.00

%

Year ultimate rate reached

​

2029

​

2029

​

2029

​

2029

​

​

For both Edison International and SCE, the 2021 actuarial gains are primarily related to $113 million in gains from valuation and experience and $
83 million in gains from an increase in the discount rate (from 
2.67% as of December 31, 2020 to 
2.95% as of December 31, 2021). The 2020 actuarial gains are primarily related to $
169 million in gains from valuation and experience, $
50 million in gains from mortality change, $
32 million in gains from demographic assumption changes, partially offset by $
206 million in losses from a decrease in discount rate (from 
3.32% as of December 31, 2019 to 
2.67% as of December 31, 2020).

107

Table of Contents

Net periodic PBOP expense components are:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Service cost

$

 40

​

$

 38

​

$

 30

​

$

 40

​

$

 37

​

$

 30

Non-service cost (benefit)

​

​

​

​

​

Interest cost

 52

​

 63

​

 77

​

 52

​

 63

​

 77

Expected return on plan assets

 (106)

​

 (119)

​

 (111)

​

 (106)

​

 (119)

​

 (111)

Amortization of prior service cost

 (1)

​

 (1)

​

 (1)

​

 (1)

​

 (1)

​

 (1)

Amortization of net gain

 (35)

​

 (29)

​

 (17)

​

 (36)

​

 (29)

​

 (17)

Regulatory adjustment

 51

​

 49

​

 29

​

 51

​

 49

​

 29

Total non-service benefit

 (39)

​

 (37)

​

 (23)

​

 (40)

​

 (37)

​

 (23)

Total expense

$

 1

​

$

 1

​

$

 7

​

$

 —

​

$

 —

​

$

 7

​

In accordance with authoritative guidance on rate-regulated enterprises, SCE records regulatory assets and liabilities instead of charges and credits to other comprehensive income (loss) for the portion of SCE's postretirement benefit plans that are recoverable in utility rates. 
Edison International and SCE used the following weighted average assumptions to determine PBOP expense:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

​

2021

2020

2019

Discount rate

 2.67

%  

 3.32

%  

 4.35

%

Expected long-term return on plan assets

 4.00

%  

 4.90

%  

 5.30

%

Assumed health care cost trend rates:

​

Current year

 6.50

%  

 6.50

%  

 6.75

%

Ultimate rate

 5.00

%  

 5.00

%  

 5.00

%

Year ultimate rate reached

2029

2029

2029

​

​

The following benefit payments (net of plan participants' contributions) are expected to be paid:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison

​

​

​

​

​

International

SCE

(in millions)

Years ended December 31, 

2022

​

$

 78

​

$

 78

2023

​

 80

​

 80

2024

​

 83

​

 82

2025

​

 84

​

 84

2026

​

 86

​

 86

2027 – 2031

​

 454

​

 452

​

Plan Assets
Description of Pension and Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions Investment Strategies
The investment of plan assets is overseen by a fiduciary investment committee. Plan assets are invested using a combination of asset classes and may have active and passive investment strategies within asset classes. Target allocations for 2021 pension plan assets were 21.3% for U.S. equities, 
13.7% for non-U.S. equities, 
50% for fixed income and 
15% for opportunistic and/or alternative investments. Target allocations for 2021 PBOP plan assets (except for Represented VEBA which is 
95% for fixed income and 
5% for U.S. and non-U.S. equities) are 
44% for U.S. and non-U.S. equities, 
50% for fixed income and 
6% for opportunistic and/or alternative investments. Edison International employs multiple investment management firms. Investment managers within each asset class cover a range of investment styles and approaches. Risk is managed through diversification among multiple asset classes, managers, 

108

Table of Contents

styles and securities. Plan asset classes and individual manager performances are measured against targets. Edison International also monitors the stability of its investment managers' organizations.
Allowable investment types include:
●
United States equities: common and preferred stocks of large, medium, and small companies which are predominantly United States-based.

●
Non-United States equities: equity securities issued by companies domiciled outside the United States and in depository receipts which represent ownership of securities of non-United States companies.

●
Fixed income: fixed income securities issued or guaranteed by the United States government, non-United States governments, government agencies and instrumentalities including municipal bonds, mortgage backed securities and corporate debt obligations. A portion of the fixed income positions may be held in debt securities that are below investment grade.

●
Opportunistic, alternative and other investments: Opportunistic investments in short to intermediate term market opportunities. Investments may have fixed income and/or equity characteristics and may be either liquid or illiquid. Alternative investments are limited partnerships that invest in non-publicly traded entities. Other investments are diversified among multiple asset classes such as global equity, fixed income currency and commodities markets. Investments are made in liquid instruments within and across markets. The investment returns are expected to approximate the plans' expected investment returns.

Asset class portfolio weights are permitted to range within plus or minus 3%. Where approved by the fiduciary investment committee, futures contracts are used for portfolio rebalancing and to reallocate portfolio cash positions. Where authorized, a few of the plans' investment managers employ limited use of derivatives, including futures contracts, options, options on futures and interest rate swaps in place of direct investment in securities to gain efficient exposure to markets. Derivatives are not used to leverage the plans or any portfolios.

Determination of the Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Assets
The overall expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption is based on the long-term target asset allocation for plan assets and capital markets return forecasts for asset classes employed. A portion of the PBOP trust asset returns are subject to taxation, so the expected long-term rate of return for these assets is determined on an after-tax basis.
Capital Markets Return Forecasts
SCE's capital markets return forecast methodologies primarily use a combination of historical market data, current market conditions, proprietary forecasting expertise, complex models to develop asset class return forecasts and a building block approach. The forecasts are developed using variables such as real risk-free interest, inflation and asset class specific risk premiums. For equities, the risk premium is based on an assumed average equity risk premium of 5% over cash. The forecasted return on private equity and opportunistic investments are estimated at a 
4% premium above public equity, reflecting a premium for higher volatility and lower liquidity. For fixed income, the risk premium is based on a comprehensive modeling of credit spreads.

Fair Value of Plan Assets
The PBOP Plan and the Southern California Edison Company Retirement Plan Trust assets include investments in equity securities, U.S. treasury securities, other fixed-income securities, common/collective funds, mutual funds, other investment entities, foreign exchange and interest rate contracts, and partnership/joint ventures. Equity securities, U.S. treasury securities, mutual and money market funds are classified as Level 1 as fair value is determined by observable, unadjusted quoted market prices in active or highly liquid and transparent markets. The fair value of the underlying 

109

Table of Contents

investments in equity mutual funds are based on stock-exchange prices. The fair value of the underlying investments in fixed-income mutual funds and other fixed income securities including municipal bonds are based on evaluated prices that reflect significant observable market information such as reported trades, actual trade information of similar securities, benchmark yields, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, bids, offers and relevant credit information. Foreign exchange and interest rate contracts are classified as Level 2 because the values are based on observable prices but are not traded on an exchange. Futures contracts trade on an exchange and therefore are classified as Level 1. No investment is classified as Level 3 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. Common/collective funds and partnerships are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share ("NAV") and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. Other investment entities are valued similarly to common/collective funds and are therefore classified as NAV. The Level 1 registered investment companies are either mutual or money market funds. The remaining funds in this category are readily redeemable and classified as NAV and are discussed further at Note 9 to the pension plan trust investments table below.
Edison International reviews the process/procedures of both the pricing services and the trustee to gain an understanding of the inputs/assumptions and valuation techniques used to price each asset type/class. The trustee and Edison International's validation procedures for pension and PBOP equity and fixed income securities are the same as the nuclear decommissioning trusts. For further discussion, see Note 4. The values of Level 1 mutual and money market funds are publicly quoted. The trustees obtain the values of common/collective and other investment funds from the fund managers. The values of partnerships are based on partnership valuation statements updated for cash flows. SCE's investment managers corroborate the trustee fair values.
Pension Plan
The following table sets forth the investments for Edison International and SCE that were accounted for at fair value as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, by asset class and level within the fair value hierarchy:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2021

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

NAV1

Total

U.S. government and agency securities2

​

$

 217

​

$

 918

​

$

 —

​

$

 1,135

Corporate stocks3

​

 466

​

 4

​

 —

​

 470

Corporate bonds4

​

 —

​

 815

​

 —

​

 815

Common/collective funds5

​

 —

​

 —

​

 964

​

 964

Partnerships/joint ventures6

​

 —

​

 —

​

 688

​

 688

Other investment entities7

​

 —

​

 —

​

 110

​

 110

Registered investment companies8

​

 57

​

 —

​

 31

​

 88

Interest-bearing cash

​

 8

​

 —

​

 —

​

 8

Other

​

 —

​

 45

​

 —

​

 45

Total

​

$

 748

​

$

 1,782

​

$

 1,793

​

$

 4,323

Receivables and payables, net

​

​

​

​

​

 (27)

Combined net plan assets available for benefits

​

​

​

​

​

 4,296

SCE's share of net plan assets

​

​

​

​

​

​

$

 4,061

​

110

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2020

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

NAV1

Total

U.S. government and agency securities2

​

$

 151

​

$

 1,006

​

$

 —

​

$

 1,157

Corporate stocks3

​

 570

​

 5

​

 —

​

 575

Corporate bonds4

​

 —

​

 601

​

 —

​

 601

Common/collective funds5

​

 —

​

 —

​

 1,017

​

 1,017

Partnerships/joint ventures6

​

 —

​

 —

​

 569

​

 569

Other investment entities7

​

 —

​

 —

​

 137

​

 137

Registered investment companies8

​

 69

​

 —

​

 23

​

 92

Interest-bearing cash

​

 7

​

 —

​

 —

​

 7

Other

​

 —

​

 39

​

 —

​

 39

Total

​

$

 797

​

$

 1,651

​

$

 1,746

​

$

 4,194

Receivables and payables, net

​

​

​

​

​

 (23)

Combined net plan assets available for benefits

​

​

​

​

​

 4,171

SCE's share of net plan assets

​

​

​

​

​

​

$

 3,940

​

1
These investments are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the net plan assets available for benefits.

2
Level 1 U.S. government and agency securities are U.S. treasury bonds and notes. Level 2 primarily relates to the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.

3

Corporate stocks are diversified. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, performance for actively managed separate accounts is primarily benchmarked against the Russell Indexes (
44%

 and 
40%

) and Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) index (
56%

 and 
60%

).

4

Corporate bonds are diversified. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, this category includes 
$61

 million and 
$54

 million for collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities.

5
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the common/collective assets are invested in equity index funds that seek to track performance of the Standard and Poor's 500 Index (
41%

 and 
37%

) and Russell 1000 indexes (
10%

 and 
13%

). In addition, at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, 
38%

 and 
40%

 of the assets in this category are in index funds which seek to track performance in the MSCI All Country World Index exUS and 
9% 

and 
8%

 of this category are in non-index U.S. equity fund, which is actively managed.

6
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, 
62%

 and 
49%

 are invested in private equity funds with investment strategies that include branded consumer products and clean technology companies, 
17%

 and 
23%

 are invested in ABS including distressed mortgages and commercial and residential loans, 
15%

 and 
19%

 are invested in publicly traded fixed income securities, and 
3%

 and 
4%

 are invested in a broad range of financial assets in all global markets.

7
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, 
71%

 and 
77%

 are invested in emerging market equity securities and 
20%

 and 
16%

 are invested in domestic mortgage backed securities. 

8
At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, registered investment companies were invested in Level 1 registered investment companies primarily consisted of a global equity mutual fund which seeks to outperform the MSCI World Total Return Index (
63%

 and 
73%

) and investments included fixed income fund used for cash management (
35%

 and 
25%

).

At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, approximately 62% and 
59% of the publicly traded equity investments, including equities in the common/collective funds, were located in the United States.

111

Table of Contents

Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions
The following table sets forth the VEBA Trust assets for Edison International and SCE that were accounted for at fair value as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, by asset class and level within the fair value hierarchy:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2021

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

NAV1

Total

U.S. government and agency securities2

​

$

 813

​

$

 10

​

$

 —

​

$

 823

Corporate stocks3

​

 145

​

 3

​

 —

​

 148

Corporate notes and bonds4

​

 —

​

 997

​

 —

​

 997

Common/collective funds5

​

 —

​

 —

​

 544

​

 544

Partnerships6

​

 —

​

 —

​

 107

​

 107

Registered investment companies7

​

 44

​

 —

​

 —

​

 44

Interest bearing cash

​

 —

​

 51

​

 —

​

 51

Other8

​

 —

​

 59

​

 —

​

 59

Total

​

$

 1,002

​

$

 1,120

​

$

 651

​

$

 2,773

Receivables and payables, net

​

​

​

​

​

 (1)

Combined net plan assets available for benefits

​

​

​

​

​

 2,772

SCE's share of net plan assets

​

​

​

​

​

​

$

 2,772

​

112

Table of Contents

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 2020

(in millions)

Level 1

Level 2

NAV1

Total

U.S. government and agency securities2

​

$

 380

​

$

 30

​

$

 —

​

$

 410

Corporate stocks3

​

 224

​

 3

​

 —

​

 227

Corporate notes and bonds4

​

 —

​

 1,079

​

 —

​

 1,079

Common/collective funds5

​

 —

​

 —

​

 693

​

 693

Partnerships6

​

 —

​

 —

​

 81

​

 81

Registered investment companies7

​

 65

​

 —

​

 —

​

 65

Interest bearing cash

​

 —

​

 26

​

 —

​

 26

Other8

​

 —

​

 132

​

 —

​

 132

Total

​

$

 669

​

$

 1,270

​

$

 774

​

$

 2,713

Receivables and payables, net

​

​

​

​

 4

Combined net plan assets available for benefits

​

​

​

​

$

 2,717

SCE's share of net plan assets

​

​

​

​

​

​

$

 2,717

​

1
These investments are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient and have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the net plan assets available for benefits.

2

Level 1 U.S. government and agency securities are U.S. treasury bonds and notes. Level 2 primarily relates to the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and the Federal National Mortgage Association.

3
Corporate stock performance for actively managed separate accounts is primarily benchmarked against the Russell Indexes (
73%

 and 
70%

) and the MSCI All Country World Index (
27%

 and 
30%

) for 2021 and 2020, respectively.

4

Corporate notes and bonds are diversified and include approximately 
$150

 million and 
$170

 million for commercial collateralized mortgage obligations and other asset backed securities at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

5

At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, 
65%

 and 
70%

 of the common/collective assets are invested in index funds which seek to track performance in the MSCI All Country World Index Investable Market Index. 
25%

 and 
22%

 are invested in a non-index U.S. equity fund which is actively managed. The remaining assets in this category are primarily invested in emerging market fund.

6

At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, 
54%

 and 
46%

 of the partnerships are invested in private equity and venture capital funds. Investment strategies for these funds include branded consumer products, clean and information technology and healthcare. Of the remaining partnerships category, 
35%

 and 
36%

 are invested in asset backed securities including distressed mortgages, distressed companies and commercial and residential loans and debt and equity of banks, 
11%

 and 
18%

 are invested in a broad range of financial assets in all global markets.

7

At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, registered investment companies were primarily invested in a money market fund (
61%

 and 
51%

) and exchange rate trade funds which seek to track performance of MSCI Emerging Market Index, Russell 2000 Index and international small cap equities (
39%

 and 
49%

)

8

Other includes 
$44

 million and 
$61

 million of municipal securities at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively
.

At December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, approximately 68% and 
66% of the publicly traded equity investments, including equities in the common/collective funds, were located in the United States.

Stock-Based Compensation
Edison International maintains a shareholder-approved incentive plan (the "2007 Performance Incentive Plan") that includes stock-based compensation. The maximum number of shares of Edison International's common stock authorized to be issued or transferred pursuant to awards under the 2007 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended, is approximately 71 million shares. As of December 31, 2021, Edison International had approximately 
22 million shares remaining available for new award grants under its stock-based compensation plans.

113

Table of Contents

The following table summarizes total expense and tax benefits associated with stock-based compensation:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Stock-based compensation expense1:

​

​

​

​

​

​

Stock options

​

$

 16

​

$

 15

​

$

 13

​

$

 8

​

$

 7

​

$

 7

Performance shares

​

 9

​

 5

​

 8

​

 4

​

 2

​

 4

Restricted stock units

​

 12

​

 8

​

 6

​

 8

​

 4

​

 3

Other

​

 2

​

 1

​

 2

​

 —

​

 —

​

 —

Total stock-based compensation expense

​

 39

​

 29

​

 29

​

 20

​

 13

​

 14

Income tax benefits related to stock compensation expense

​

$

 4

​

$

 4

​

$

 10

​

$

 3

​

$

 3

​

$

 6

1
Reflected in "Operation and maintenance" on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated statements of income.

Stock Options
Under the 2007 Performance Incentive Plan, Edison International has granted stock options at exercise prices equal to the closing price at the grant date. Edison International may grant stock options and other awards related to, or with a value derived from, its common stock to directors and certain employees. Options generally expire 10 years after the grant date and vest over a period of 
four years of continuous service in equal annual increments, except for awards granted to retirement-eligible participants, which vest on an accelerated basis.

The fair value for each option granted was determined as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires various assumptions noted in the following table:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

​

2021

2020

2019

Expected terms (in years)

5.4

5.2

5.5

Risk-free interest rate

1.1% - 
1.3%

​

0.4% - 
0.6%

​

1.6% - 
2.3%

Expected dividend yield

4.1% - 
4.8%

​

4.2% - 
5.0%

​

3.3% - 
4.0%

Weighted average expected dividend yield

4.5%

​

4.7%

​

3.9%

Expected volatility

26.9% - 
27.1%

​

24.9% - 
26.9%

​

21.7% - 
24.1%

Weighted average volatility

26.9%

​

25.0%

​

21.8%

The expected term represents the period of time for which the options are expected to be outstanding and is primarily based on historical exercise and post-vesting cancellation experience and stock price history. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury STRIPS (separate trading of registered interest and principal of securities) whose maturity corresponds to the option's expected term on the measurement date. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of Edison International's common stock for the length of the option's expected term for 2021. The volatility period used was 64 months, 
63 months and 
66 months at December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.

114

Table of Contents

The following is a summary of the status of Edison International's stock options:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Weighted Average

​

​

​

 ​

​

​

​

Remaining

Aggregate

​

​

Stock

​

Exercise

​

Contractual

​

Intrinsic Value

​

​

Options

​

Price

Term (years)

(in millions)

Edison International:

​

​

Outstanding at December 31, 2020

 10,709,383

​

$

 63.85

​

Granted

 2,515,015

​

 55.04

​

Forfeited or expired

 (330,916)

​

 62.49

​

Exercised1

 (538,656)

​

 48.02

​

Outstanding at December 31, 2021

 12,354,826

​

 62.78

 5.93

​

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2021

 11,974,609

​

 62.83

 5.85

​

$

 80

Exercisable at December 31, 2021

 7,412,820

​

$

 64.27

 4.43

​

$

 43

SCE:

​

​

Outstanding at December 31, 2020

 5,490,488

​

$

 62.85

​

Granted

 1,404,603

​

 55.14

​

Forfeited or expired

 (307,607)

​

 62.65

​

Exercised1

 (407,330)

​

 48.80

​

Outstanding at December 31, 2021

 6,180,154

​

 62.03

 5.87

​

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2021

 5,997,654

​

 62.07

 5.80

​

$

 44

Exercisable at December 31, 2021

 3,666,657

​

$

 63.24

 4.27

​

$

 25

1
Edison International and SCE recognized tax benefits of 
$2

 million and 
$2

 million, respectively, from stock options exercised in 2021.

At December 31, 2021, total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options and the weighted average period the cost is expected to be recognized are as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

SCE

Unrecognized compensation cost, net of expected forfeitures (in millions)

​

$

 18

​

$

 9

Weighted average period (in years)

​

 2.4

​

 2.4

​

The following is a summary of supplemental data on stock options:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions, except per award amounts)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Weighted average grant date fair value per option granted

​

$

 7.26

​

$

 8.18

​

$

 8.80

​

$

 7.30

​

$

 8.16

​

$

 8.83

Fair value of options vested

​

 3

​

 2

​

 14

​

 3

​

 2

​

 7

Value of options exercised

​

 8

​

 9

​

 27

​

 6

​

 7

​

 19

​

Performance Shares
A target number of contingent performance shares were awarded to executives in March 2021, 2020 and 2019 and vest at December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The vesting of the grants is dependent upon market and financial performance and service conditions as defined in the grants for each of the years. The number of performance shares earned from each year's grants could range from zero to twice the target number (plus additional units credited as dividend equivalents).
The fair value of market condition performance shares is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation valuation model for the total shareholder return. The fair value of financial performance condition performance shares is determined (i) at grant as the target number of shares (which Edison International determined to be the probable outcome) valued at the 

115

Table of Contents

closing price on the grant date of Edison International common stock and (ii) subsequently using Edison International's earnings per share compared to pre-established targets.
The following is a summary of the status of Edison International's nonvested performance shares:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Equity Awards

​

​

Weighted Average

​

​

Shares

​

Fair Value

Edison International:

​

Nonvested at December 31, 2020

 233,624

​

$

 66.80

Granted

 158,442

​

 57.70

Forfeited

 (18,250)

​

 62.51

Vested

 (111,008)

​

 66.06

Nonvested at December 31, 2021

 262,808

​

$

 61.92

SCE:

​

Nonvested at December 31, 2020

 120,644

​

$

 66.70

Granted

 88,983

​

 57.66

Forfeited

 (17,306)

​

 62.77

Vested

 (54,514)

​

 66.34

Nonvested at December 31, 2021

 137,807

​

$

 61.50

​

Restricted Stock Units
Restricted stock units were awarded to executives in March 2021, 2020 and 2019 and vest and become payable on January 2, 2024, January 3, 2023 and January 3, 2022, respectively. Each restricted stock unit awarded includes a dividend equivalent feature and is a contractual right to receive one share of Edison International common stock, if vesting requirements are satisfied. The vesting of Edison International's restricted stock units is dependent upon continuous service through the end of the vesting period, except for awards granted to retirement-eligible participants, which vest on an accelerated basis.
The following is a summary of the status of Edison International's nonvested restricted stock units:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

Weighted Average

​

Weighted Average

​

​

Restricted

​

Grant Date

​

Restricted

​

Grant Date

​

​

Stock Units

Fair Value

​

Stock Units

Fair Value

Nonvested at December 31, 2020

 333,873

​

$

 63.78

 168,420

​

$

 63.78

Granted

 337,793

​

 55.07

 250,490

​

 55.12

Forfeited

 (27,622)

​

 58.81

 (25,275)

​

 59.18

Vested

 (97,889)

​

 59.34

 (48,703)

​

 59.33

Nonvested at December 31, 2021

 546,155

​

$

 59.44

 344,932

​

$

 58.45

​

The fair value for each restricted stock unit awarded is determined as the closing price of Edison International common stock on the grant date.

Note 10.
Investments

Nuclear Decommissioning Trusts
Future decommissioning costs related to SCE's nuclear assets are expected to be funded from independent decommissioning trusts.

116

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth amortized cost and fair value of the trust investments (see Note 4 for a discussion of fair value of the trust investments):
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Amortized Cost

​

Fair Value

​

​

Longest

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

Maturity Date

2021

2020

2021

2020

Stocks

—

​

*

​

*

​

$

 1,972

​

$

 1,908

Municipal bonds

2057

​

 875

​

 1,013

​

 1,033

​

 1,218

U.S. government and agency securities

2067

​

 1,095

​

 740

​

 1,212

​

 864

Corporate bonds

2070

​

 386

​

 460

​

 446

​

 550

Short-term investments and receivables/payables1

One-year

​

 199

​

 281

​

 207

​

 293

Total

​

$

 2,555

​

$

 2,494

​

$

 4,870

​

$

 4,833

​

*
Not applicable

1
Short-term investments include 
$37

 million and 
$138

 million of repurchase agreements payable by financial institutions which earn interest, are fully secured by U.S. Treasury securities and mature by January 3, 2022 and January 4, 2021 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Trust fund earnings (based on specific identification) increase the trust fund balance and the ARO regulatory liability. Unrealized holding gains, net of losses, were $2.1
 billion at both December 31, 2021 and 2020.

Trust assets are used to pay income taxes. Deferred tax liabilities related to net unrealized gains were $517 million and $
515 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accordingly, the fair value of trust assets available to pay future decommissioning costs, net of deferred income taxes, totaled $
4.4 billion and $
4.3 billion at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The following table summarizes the gains and losses for the trust investments:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

Gross realized gains

​

$

 339

​

$

 255

​

$

 87

Gross realized losses

​

 (24)

​

 (6)

​

 (2)

Net unrealized gains for equity securities

​

 103

​

 176

​

 343

​

Due to regulatory mechanisms, changes in assets of the trusts from income or loss items have no impact on operating revenue or earnings.
Edison International Parent and Other's Investments 

Edison International Parent and Other holds strategic investments in companies focused on developing electric technologies and services. As of December 31, 2021, these investments consist of $12 million of marketable securities, and $
3 million of equity investments without readily determinable fair values (included as "Other investments" on Edison International's consolidated balance sheets). The unrealized gains for equity investments held as of December 31, 2021 is $
4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, recorded as "Other income" on Edison International's consolidated statement of income. For further information, see Note 4 and Note 16.

Note 11.
Regulatory Assets and Liabilities

Included in SCE's regulatory assets and liabilities are regulatory balancing accounts. CPUC-authorized balancing account mechanisms require SCE to refund or recover any differences between forecasted and actual costs. The CPUC has authorized balancing accounts for specified costs or programs such as fuel, purchased power, demand-side management programs, wildfire related costs, nuclear decommissioning and public purpose programs. Certain of these 

117

Table of Contents

balancing accounts include a return on rate base of 7.68
% in both 2021 and 2020, respectively. The CPUC authorizes the use of a balancing account to recover from or refund to customers differences in revenue resulting from actual and forecasted electricity sales.

Amounts included in regulatory assets and liabilities are generally recorded with corresponding offsets to the applicable income statement accounts.
Regulatory Assets
SCE's regulatory assets included on the consolidated balance sheets are:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

Current:

​

​

Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts

​

$

 1,591

​

$

 1,127

Power contracts 

​

 168

​

 165

Other

​

 19

​

 22

Total current

​

 1,778

​

 1,314

Long-term:

​

​

Deferred income taxes, net of liabilities

​

 4,770

​

 4,475

Pension and other postretirement benefits

​

 —

​

 12

Power contracts

​

 71

​

 239

Unamortized investments, net of accumulated amortization

​

 114

​

 114

Unamortized loss on reacquired debt

​

 121

​

 133

Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts

​

 1,897

​

 1,794

Environmental remediation

​

 242

​

 247

Recovery assets

​

​

 325

​

​

 —

Other

​

 120

​

 106

Total long-term

​

 7,660

​

 7,120

Total regulatory assets

​

$

 9,438

​

$

 8,434

​

In accordance with the accounting standards applicable to rate-regulated enterprises, SCE defers costs as regulatory assets that are probable of future recovery from customers and has recorded regulatory assets for these incremental costs at December 31, 2021. While SCE believes such costs are probable of future recovery, there is no assurance that SCE will collect all amounts currently deferred as regulatory assets.
SCE's regulatory assets related to power contracts primarily represent derivative contracts that were designated as normal purchases and normal sales contracts. The liabilities for these power contracts are amortized over the remaining contract terms, approximately 2 to 
5 years. For further information, see Note 1.

SCE's regulatory assets related to deferred income taxes represent tax benefits passed through to customers. The CPUC requires SCE to flow through certain deferred income tax benefits to customers by reducing electricity rates, thereby deferring recovery of such amounts to future periods. Based on current regulatory ratemaking and income tax laws, SCE expects to recover its regulatory assets related to deferred income taxes over the life of the assets that give rise to the accumulated deferred income taxes, approximately from 1 to 
60 years. For further information, see Note 8.

SCE has long-term unamortized investments which include nuclear assets related to Palo Verde and the beyond the meter program. Nuclear assets related to Palo Verde and the beyond the meter program are expected to be recovered by 2046 and 2031, respectively, and both earned returns of 7.68
% in 2021 and 2020.

SCE's net regulatory asset related to its unamortized loss on reacquired debt will be recovered over the original amortization period of the reacquired debt over periods ranging from 10 to 
40 years or the life of the new issuance if the debt is refunded or refinanced.

118

Table of Contents

SCE's regulatory assets related to environmental remediation represent a portion of the costs incurred at certain sites that SCE is allowed to recover through customer rates. See "Environmental Remediation" discussed in Note 12.
Recovery assets represent the balance associated with the AB 1054 Excluded Capital Expenditures related Recovery Properties and prudently incurred financing costs securitized in 2021 with issuance of the associated bond. The recovery period is until 2043, when the bonds and interest are paid in full. For further details, see Note 3.
Regulatory Liabilities
SCE's regulatory liabilities included on the consolidated balance sheets are:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

Current:

​

​

Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts

​

$

 553

​

$

 471

Energy derivatives

​

 25

​

 87

Other

​

 25

​

 11

Total current

​

 603

​

 569

Long-term:

​

​

Costs of removal

​

 2,552

​

 2,595

Re-measurement of deferred taxes

​

 2,315

​

 2,283

Recoveries in excess of ARO liabilities

​

 2,155

​

 1,930

Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts

​

 648

​

 1,062

Pension and other postretirement benefits

​

 1,281

​

 671

Other

​

 30

​

 48

Total long-term

​

 8,981

​

 8,589

Total regulatory liabilities

​

$

 9,584

​

$

 9,158

​

SCE's regulatory liabilities related to energy derivatives are primarily an offset to unrealized gains on derivatives.
SCE's regulatory liabilities related to costs of removal represent differences between asset removal costs recorded and amounts collected in rates for those costs.
As a result of Tax Reform, SCE's deferred tax assets and liabilities were re-measured at December 31, 2017, resulting in the initial recording of regulatory liabilities. The amount was further adjusted for CPUC's final resolution in February 2019, which stated that customers are only entitled to re-measurement of deferred taxes that were included when setting rates (i.e. included in rate base), and that all other deferred tax re-measurements belong to shareholders. The regulatory liabilities are generally expected to be refunded to customers over the lives of the assets and liabilities that gave rise to the deferred taxes.
SCE's regulatory liabilities related to recoveries in excess of ARO liabilities represents the cumulative differences between ARO expenses and amounts collected in rates primarily for the decommissioning of the SCE's nuclear generation facilities. Decommissioning costs recovered through rates are primarily placed in nuclear decommissioning trusts. This regulatory liability also represents the deferral of realized and unrealized gains and losses on the nuclear decommissioning trust investments. See Note 10 for further discussion.
SCE's regulatory liabilities related to pension and other post-retirement plans represent the overfunded net gains and prior service costs of the plans. This amount will be refunded through rates over time to customers. See "Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits Other than Pensions" discussion in Note 9.

119

Table of Contents

Net Regulatory Balancing and Memorandum Accounts
Balancing accounts track amounts that the CPUC or FERC have authorized for recovery. Balancing account over and under collections represent differences between cash collected in current rates for specified forecasted costs and such costs that are actually incurred. Undercollections are recorded as regulatory balancing account assets. Overcollections are recorded as regulatory balancing account liabilities. With some exceptions, SCE seeks to adjust rates on an annual basis or at other designated times to recover or refund the balances recorded in its balancing accounts. Memorandum accounts are authorized to track costs for potential future recovery.
Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts that SCE does not expect to collect or refund in the next 12 months are reflected in the long-term section of the consolidated balance sheets. Regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts that do not have the right of offset are presented gross in the consolidated balance sheets. Under and over collections in balancing accounts and amounts recorded in memorandum accounts typically accrue interest based on a three-month commercial paper rate published by the Federal Reserve.
The following table summarizes the significant components of regulatory balancing and memorandum accounts included in the above tables of regulatory assets and liabilities:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

Asset (liability)

​

​

Energy resource recovery account

​

$

 759

​

$

 (89)

Portfolio allocation balancing account 

​

 (183)

​

 497

New system generation balancing account

​

 73

​

 (10)

Public purpose programs and energy efficiency programs

​

 (1,066)

​

 (1,130)

Base revenue requirement balancing account

​

 849

​

 622

GRC wildfire mitigation balancing accounts1

​

​

 12

​

​

 —

Greenhouse gas auction revenue and low carbon fuel standard revenue

​

 (298)

​

 (125)

FERC balancing accounts

​

 55

​

 12

Wildfire and drought restoration accounts2

​

 299

​

 361

Wildfire-related memorandum accounts3

​

​

 1,456

​

​

 1,104

COVID-19-related memorandum accounts

​

​

 94

​

​

 176

Customer service re-platform memorandum account4

​

​

 128

​

​

 30

Tax accounting memorandum account and pole loading balancing account

​

​

 171

​

​

 (35)

Other

​

 (62)

​

 (25)

Asset

​

$

 2,287

​

$

 1,388

1
The 2021 GRC decision approved the establishment of the vegetation management balancing account ("VMBA") to track vegetation management expenses up to 
115%

 of amounts authorized, the Wildfire Risk Mitigation balancing account ("WRMBA") to track the costs of SCE's Wildfire Covered Conductor Program up to 
110%

 of amounts authorized and the risk management balancing account to track the authorized costs of wildfire insurance. The amount recorded to these balancing accounts represents the difference between costs tracked in the balancing accounts and authorized revenues for those costs recorded to the base revenue requirement balancing account. If spending is less than authorized, SCE will refund those amounts to customers. If spending is within the specified threshold, if any, for each balancing account, SCE will recover those costs from customers. Amounts above the specified threshold, or above amounts authorized if a higher threshold was not established, for each balancing account may be eligible for deferral to wildfire-related memorandum accounts.

2
The wildfire and drought restoration accounts regulatory assets represent restoration costs that are recorded in a Catastrophic Event Memorandum Account ("CEMA"). 

3
The wildfire-related memorandum accounts regulatory assets represent wildfire-related costs that are probable of future recovery from customers, subject to a reasonableness review. The Fire Hazard Prevention Memorandum Account ("FHPMA") was used to track costs related to fire safety and to implement fire prevention corrective action measures in extreme and very high fire threat areas. The Wildfire Expense Memorandum Account ("WEMA") is used to track incremental wildfire insurance costs and 

120

Table of Contents

uninsured wildfire-related financing, legal and claims costs. The Wildfire Mitigation Plan Memorandum Account ("WMPMA") is used to track costs incurred to implement SCE's wildfire mitigation plan that are not currently reflected in SCE's revenue requirements. The Fire Risk Mitigation Memorandum Account ("FRMMA") is used to track costs related to the reduction of fire risk that are incremental to costs approved for recovery in SCE's GRCs that are not tracked in any other wildfire-related memorandum account. The balance also includes vegetation management spending in excess of the 
115%

 threshold for the VMBA described above. 

4
CSRP memorandum account was established in the 2018 GRC to track costs for implementation of a new customer service system not currently reflected in SCE's revenue requirements. Expenditures for the CSRP project are subject to reasonableness review by the CPUC, expenditures for the project were significantly higher than originally projected. 

Note 12.
Commitments and Contingencies

Power Purchase Agreements
SCE entered into various agreements to purchase power, electric capacity and other energy products. At December 31, 2021, the undiscounted future expected minimum payments for the SCE PPAs (primarily related to renewable energy contracts), which were approved by the CPUC and met other critical contract provisions (including completion of major milestones for construction), were as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

(in millions)

Total

2022

​

$

 3,131

2023

​

 3,026

2024

​

 2,460

2025

​

 2,347

2026

​

 2,358

Thereafter

​

 20,179

Total future commitments1

​

$

 33,501

1
Certain power purchase agreements are treated as operating or finance leases. For further discussion, see Note 13.

Additionally, as of December 31, 2021, SCE has executed contracts (including capacity reduction contracts) that have not met the critical contract provisions that would increase contractual obligations by $15 million in 2022, $
49 million in 2023, $
74 million in 2024, $
79 million in 2025, $
79 million in 2026 and $
844 million thereafter, if all critical contract provisions are completed. These include long-term lease contracts commencing in 2022 and 2023 with future minimum lease payments of $
396 million.

Costs incurred for PPAs were $4.7 billion in 2021, $
3.8 billion in 2020 and $
3.7 billion in 2019, which include costs associated with contracts with terms of less than one year.

Other Commitments
The following summarizes the estimated minimum future commitments for SCE's other commitments:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

(in millions)

2022

2023

2024

2025

2026

Thereafter

Total

Other contractual obligations

​

$

 47

​

$

 47

​

$

 48

​

$

 47

​

$

 37

​

$

 222

​

$

 448

​

Costs incurred for other commitments were $62 million in 2021, $
80 million in 2020 and $
110 million in 2019. Other commitments include fuel supply contracts for Palo Verde which require payment only if the fuel is made available for purchase. Also included are commitments related to maintaining reliability and expanding SCE's transmission and distribution system.

The table above does not include asset retirement obligations, which are discussed in Note 1.

121

Table of Contents

Indemnities
Edison International and SCE have various financial and performance guarantees and indemnity agreements which are issued in the normal course of business.
Edison International and SCE have agreed to provide indemnifications through contracts entered into in the normal course of business. These are primarily indemnifications against adverse litigation outcomes in connection with underwriting agreements, indemnities for specified environmental liabilities and income taxes with respect to assets sold or other contractual arrangements. Edison International's and SCE's obligations under these agreements may or may not be limited in terms of time and/or amount, and in some instances Edison International and SCE may have recourse against third parties. Edison International and SCE have not recorded a liability related to these indemnities. The overall maximum amount of the obligations under these indemnifications cannot be reasonably estimated.
Contingencies
In addition to the matters disclosed in these Notes, Edison International and SCE are involved in other legal, tax, and regulatory proceedings before various courts and governmental agencies regarding matters arising in the ordinary course of business. Edison International and SCE believe the outcome of each of these other proceedings will not materially affect its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

Southern California Wildfires and Mudslides
Wildfires in SCE's territory, including those where SCE's equipment may be alleged to be associated with the fire's ignition, have caused loss of life and substantial damage in recent years. California has experienced unprecedented weather conditions in recent years due to climate change, and SCE's service territory remains susceptible to additional wildfire activity in 2022 and beyond.
Numerous claims related to wildfire events have been initiated against SCE and Edison International. Edison International and SCE have incurred material losses in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events (defined below), which are described below. SCE's equipment has been, and may further be, alleged to be associated with several wildfires that have originated in Southern California subsequent to 2018, including the 2019/2020 Wildfires (defined below). Edison International and SCE expect that any losses incurred in connection with those fires will be covered by insurance, subject to self-insured retentions and co-insurance, or third-party receivables, and expect that any such losses after recoveries will not be material.
Liability Overview
The extent of liability for wildfire-related damages in actions against utilities depends on a number of factors, including whether the utility substantially caused or contributed to the damages and whether parties seeking recovery of damages will be required to show negligence in addition to causation. California courts have previously found utilities to be strictly liable for property damage along with associated interest and attorneys' fees, regardless of fault, by applying the theory of inverse condemnation when a utility's facilities were determined to be a substantial cause of a wildfire that caused the property damage. If inverse condemnation is held to be inapplicable to SCE in connection with a wildfire, SCE still could be held liable for property damages and associated interest if the property damages were found to have been proximately caused by SCE's negligence. If SCE were to be found negligent, SCE could also be held liable for, among other things, fire suppression costs, business interruption losses, evacuation costs, clean-up costs, medical expenses, and personal injury/wrongful death claims. Additionally, SCE could potentially be subject to fines and penalties for alleged violations of CPUC rules and state laws investigated in connection with the ignition of a wildfire. 
Final determinations of liability for wildfire events, including determinations of whether SCE was negligent, would only be made during lengthy and complex litigation processes. Even when investigations are still pending or liability is 

122

Table of Contents

disputed, an assessment of likely outcomes, including through future settlement of disputed claims, may require estimated losses to be accrued under accounting standards. Each reporting period, management reviews its loss estimates for remaining alleged and potential claims related to wildfire events. The process for estimating losses associated with alleged and potential wildfire related claims requires management to exercise significant judgment based on a number of assumptions and subjective factors, including, but not limited to: estimates of known and expected claims by third parties based on currently available information, opinions of counsel regarding litigation risk, the status of and developments in the course of litigation, and prior experience litigating and settling wildfire litigation claims. As additional information becomes available, management's estimates and assumptions regarding the causes and financial impact of wildfire events may change. For instance, as a result of additional information, management increased its estimated losses for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events (as defined below) in the third quarter of 2021. 
2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events
Wildfires in SCE's territory in December 2017 and November 2018 caused loss of life, substantial damage to both residential and business properties, and service outages for SCE customers. The investigating government agencies, the Ventura County Fire Department ("VCFD") and California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection ("CAL FIRE"), have determined that the largest of the 2017 fires in SCE's territory originated on December 4, 2017, in the Anlauf Canyon area of Ventura County (the investigating agencies refer to this fire as the "Thomas Fire"), followed shortly thereafter by a second fire that originated near Koenigstein Road in the City of Santa Paula (the "Koenigstein Fire"). The December 4, 2017 fires eventually burned substantial acreage in both Ventura and Santa Barbara Counties. According to CAL FIRE, the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires, collectively, burned over 280,000 acres, destroyed or damaged an estimated 
1,343 structures and resulted in 
two confirmed fatalities. The largest of the November 2018 fires in SCE's territory, known as the "Woolsey Fire," originated in Ventura County and burned acreage in both Ventura and Los Angeles Counties. According to CAL FIRE, the Woolsey Fire burned almost 
100,000 acres, destroyed an estimated 
1,643 structures, damaged an estimated 
364 structures and resulted in 
three confirmed fatalities. 
Four additional fatalities are alleged to have been associated with the Woolsey Fire.

As described below, multiple lawsuits related to the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires and the Woolsey Fire have been initiated against SCE and Edison International. Some of the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires lawsuits claim that SCE and Edison International have responsibility for the damages caused by debris flows and flooding in Montecito and surrounding areas in January 2018 (the "Montecito Mudslides") based on a theory alleging that SCE has responsibility for the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires and further alleging that the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires proximately caused the Montecito Mudslides. According to Santa Barbara County initial reports, the Montecito Mudslides destroyed an estimated 135 structures, damaged an estimated 
324 structures, and resulted in 
21 confirmed fatalities, with 
two additional fatalities presumed. One of the presumed fatalities has been confirmed. 

The Thomas Fire, the Koenigstein Fire, the Montecito Mudslides (defined below) and the Woolsey Fire are each referred to as a "2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Event," and, collectively, referred to as the "2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events." Based on information available to SCE and consideration of the risks associated with litigation, Edison International and SCE expect to incur a material loss in connection with the remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. 
In 2021, Edison International and SCE accrued estimated losses of $1.3 billion for claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, against which SCE has recorded expected recoveries through FERC electric rates of $
67 million. The resulting charge was $
1.2 billion ($
894 million after-tax).

As of December 31, 2021, Edison International and SCE had paid $5.7 billion in settlements, had $
131 million to be paid under executed settlements and had $
1.6 billion of estimated losses for remaining alleged and potential claims and for the SED Agreement (defined below) reflected on their consolidated balance sheets related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. As of the same date, Edison International and SCE had assets for expected recoveries through 

123

Table of Contents

FERC electric rates of $165 million on their consolidated balance sheets and had exhausted expected insurance recoveries related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events.

Estimated losses for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation are based on a number of assumptions and are subject to change as additional information becomes available. Actual losses incurred may be higher or lower than estimated based on several factors, including: the uncertainty in estimating damages that have been or may be alleged, the ability to reach settlements through the ongoing claims mediation processes, uncertainties related to the litigation processes, uncertainty as to the legal and factual determinations to be made during litigation, including uncertainty as to the contributing causes of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, the complexities associated with fires that merge and whether inverse condemnation will be held applicable to SCE with respect to damages caused by the Montecito Mudslides, and the uncertainty as to how these factors impact future settlements.
The CPUC and FERC may not allow SCE to recover uninsured losses through electric rates if it is determined that such losses were not reasonably or prudently incurred. SCE will seek rate recovery of prudently-incurred, actual losses realized in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events in excess of available insurance, other than for CPUC-jurisdictional rate recovery of the $375 million of SED Excluded Losses (defined below) if the CPUC's approval of the SED Agreement becomes final and non-appealable. See "Loss Estimates for Third Party Claims and Potential Recoveries from Insurance and through Electric Rates" below for additional information.

External Investigations and Internal Review

The VCFD and CAL FIRE have jointly issued reports concerning their findings regarding the causes of the Thomas Fire and the Koenigstein Fire. The reports did not address the causes of the Montecito Mudslides. SCE has also received a non-final redacted draft of a report from the VCFD regarding Woolsey Fire (the "Redacted Woolsey Report"). SCE cannot predict when the VCFD will release its final report regarding the Woolsey Fire. The VCFD and CAL FIRE findings do not determine legal causation of or assign legal liability for the Thomas, Koenigstein or Woolsey Fires; final determinations of legal causation and liability would only be made during lengthy and complex litigation. 
The CPUC's Safety and Enforcement Division ("SED") conducted investigations to assess SCE's compliance with applicable rules and regulations in areas impacted by the Thomas, Koenigstein and Woolsey Fires. As discussed below, in October 2021, SCE and the SED executed the SED Agreement (as defined below) to resolve the SED's investigations into the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. 
The California Attorney General's Office has completed its investigation of the Thomas Fire and the Woolsey Fire without pursuing criminal charges. 
SCE's internal review into the facts and circumstances of each of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events is complex and time consuming. SCE expects to obtain and review additional information and materials in the possession of third parties during the course of its internal reviews and the litigation processes. 
Thomas Fire

On March 13, 2019, the VCFD and CAL FIRE jointly issued a report concluding, after ruling out other possible causes, that the Thomas Fire was started by SCE power lines coming into contact during high winds, resulting in molten metal falling to the ground. However, the report does not state that their investigation found molten metal on the ground. At this time, based on available information, SCE has not determined whether its equipment caused the Thomas Fire. Based on publicly available radar data showing a smoke plume in the Anlauf Canyon area emerging in advance of the report's indicated start time, SCE believes that the Thomas Fire started at least 12 minutes prior to any issue involving SCE's system and at least 15 minutes prior to the start time indicated in the report. SCE is continuing to assess the extent of damages that may be attributable to the Thomas Fire.

124

Table of Contents

Koenigstein Fire

On March 20, 2019, the VCFD and CAL FIRE jointly issued a report finding that the Koenigstein Fire was caused when an energized SCE electrical wire separated and fell to the ground along with molten metal particles and ignited the dry vegetation below. As previously disclosed, SCE believes that its equipment was associated with the ignition of the Koenigstein Fire. SCE is continuing to assess the extent of damages that may be attributable to the Koenigstein Fire. 
Montecito Mudslides

SCE's internal review includes inquiry into whether the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires proximately caused or contributed to the Montecito Mudslides, whether, and to what extent, the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires were responsible for the damages in the Montecito area and other factors that potentially contributed to the losses that resulted from the Montecito Mudslides. Many other factors, including, but not limited to, weather conditions and insufficiently or improperly designed and maintained debris basins, roads, bridges and other channel crossings, could have proximately caused, contributed to or exacerbated the losses that resulted from the Montecito Mudslides. 
At this time, based on available information, SCE has not been able to determine whether the Thomas Fire or the Koenigstein Fire, or both, were responsible for the damages in the Montecito area. In the event that SCE is determined to have caused the fire that spread to the Montecito area, SCE cannot predict whether, if fully litigated, the courts would conclude that the Montecito Mudslides were caused or contributed to by the Thomas and/or Koenigstein Fires or that SCE would be liable for some or all of the damages caused by the Montecito Mudslides. 
Woolsey Fire

SCE's internal review into the facts and circumstances of the Woolsey Fire is ongoing. SCE has reported to the CPUC that there was an outage on SCE's electric system in the vicinity of where the Woolsey Fire reportedly began on November 8, 2018. SCE is aware of witnesses who saw fire in the vicinity of SCE's equipment at the time the fire was first reported. While SCE did not find evidence of downed electrical wires on the ground in the suspected area of origin, it observed a pole support wire in proximity to an electrical wire that was energized prior to the outage. 
The Redacted Woolsey Report states that the VCFD investigation team determined that electrical equipment owned and operated by SCE was the cause of the Woolsey Fire. Absent additional evidence, SCE believes that it is likely that its equipment was associated with the ignition of the Woolsey Fire. SCE expects to obtain and review additional information and materials in the possession of CAL FIRE and others during the course of its internal review and the Woolsey Fire litigation process, including SCE equipment that has been retained by CAL FIRE. 
Litigation

Multiple lawsuits related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events naming SCE as a defendant have been filed by three categories of plaintiffs: individual plaintiffs, subrogation plaintiffs and public entity plaintiffs. A number of the lawsuits also name Edison International as a defendant and some of the lawsuits were filed as purported class actions. Because potential plaintiffs can still timely file claims related to some of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, SCE expects to be the subject of additional lawsuits related to the events. The litigation could take a number of years to be resolved because of the complexity of the matters and number of plaintiffs.
On October 4, 2018, the Los Angeles Superior Court denied Edison International's and SCE's challenge to the application of inverse condemnation to SCE with respect to the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires and, on February 26, 2019, the California Supreme Court denied SCE's petition to review the Superior Court's decision. In January 2019, SCE filed a cross-complaint against certain local public entities alleging that failures by these entities, such as failure to adequately plan for flood hazards and build and maintain adequate debris basins, roads, bridges and other channel crossings, among other things, caused, contributed to or exacerbated the losses that resulted from the Montecito 

125

Table of Contents

Mudslides. These cross-claims in the Montecito Mudslides litigation were not released as part of the Local Public Entity Settlements (as defined below). 

Settlements 

In the fourth quarter of 2019, SCE paid $360 million to a number of local public entities to resolve those parties' collective claims arising from the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events (the "Local Public Entity Settlements"). 

In the third quarter of 2020, Edison International and SCE entered into an agreement (the "TKM Subrogation Settlement") under which all of the insurance subrogation plaintiffs' in the Thomas Fire, Koenigstein Fire and Montecito Mudslides litigation (the "TKM Subrogation Plaintiffs") collective claims arising from the Thomas Fire, Koenigstein Fire or Montecito Mudslides have been resolved. Under the TKM Subrogation Settlement, SCE paid the TKM Subrogation Plaintiffs an aggregate of $1.2 billion in October 2020 and also agreed to pay $
0.555 for each dollar in claims to be paid by the TKM Subrogation Plaintiffs to their policy holders on or before July 15, 2023, up to an agreed upon cap. 

In January 2021, Edison International and SCE entered into an agreement (the "Woolsey Subrogation Settlement") under which all of the insurance subrogation plaintiffs' in the Woolsey Fire litigation (the "Woolsey Subrogation Plaintiffs") collective claims arising from the Woolsey Fire have been resolved. Under the Woolsey Subrogation Settlement, SCE paid the Woolsey Subrogation Plaintiffs an aggregate of $2.2 billion in March and April 2021. SCE has also agreed to pay $
0.67 for each dollar in claims to be paid by the Woolsey Subrogation Plaintiffs to their policy holders on or before July 15, 2023, up to an agreed upon cap. 

As of December 31, 2021, SCE has also entered into settlements with approximately 5,000 individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation. In 2020 and 2021, SCE entered into settlements with individual plaintiffs in the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation under which it agreed to pay an aggregate of approximately $
300 million and $
1.7 billion, respectively, to those individual plaintiffs.

Edison International and SCE did not admit wrongdoing or liability as part of any of the settlements described above. Other claims and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events remain. SCE continues to explore reasonable settlement opportunities with other plaintiffs in the outstanding 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events litigation.
SED Agreement

In October 2021, SCE and the SED executed an agreement (the "SED Agreement") to resolve the SED's investigations into the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events and three other 2017 wildfires for, among other things, aggregate costs of $550 million. The $
550 million in costs is comprised of a $
110 million fine to be paid to the State of California General Fund, $
65 million of shareholder-funded safety measures, and an agreement by SCE to waive its right to seek cost recovery in CPUC-jurisdictional rates for $
375 million of third-party uninsured claims payments (the "SED Excluded Losses"). The SED Agreement provides that SCE may, on a permanent basis, exclude from its ratemaking capital structure any after-tax charges to equity or debt borrowed to finance costs incurred under the SED Agreement. The SED Agreement also imposes other obligations on SCE, including reporting requirements and safety-focused studies. The CPUC approved the SED Agreement in December 2021 and its approval has been legally challenged by The Utility Reform Network. SCE's obligations under the SED Agreement will only commence after CPUC approval of the SED Agreement is final and non-appealable. SCE did not admit imprudence, negligence or liability with respect to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events in the SED Agreement.

Loss Estimates for Third Party Claims and Potential Recoveries from Insurance and through Electric Rates

At December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, Edison International's and SCE's balance sheets include accrued 

126

Table of Contents

liabilities of $1.7 billion and $
4.4 billion, respectively, for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. The following table presents changes in estimated losses since December 31, 2020:

​

​

​

​

​

(in millions)

​

​

Balance at December 31, 20201

​

$

 4,383

Increase in accrued estimated losses

​

 1,265

Amounts paid

​

 (3,914)

Balance at December 31, 20212

​

$

 1,734

​

1
At December 31, 2020, 
$2,231

 million in current liabilities, wildfire-related claims, on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets includes an estimate for claims brought by insurance subrogation plaintiffs in the Woolsey Fire litigation, which were settled on January 22, 2021 for 
$2,212

 million, and 
$19

 million of other settlements executed in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. At December 31, 2020, the 
$2,281

 million included in deferred credits and other liabilities, wildfire-related claims, on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets includes Edison International's and SCE's best estimate of expected losses for remaining alleged and potential claims related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events after giving effect to the Woolsey Subrogation Settlement of 
$2,152

 million and other wildfire-related claims estimates of 
$129

 million. 

2
At December 31, 
2021, 
$131

 million
 in current liabilities, wildfire-related claims, on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets consists of settlements executed in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. At December 31, 2021, the 
$
1,733

 million
 included in deferred credits and other liabilities, wildfire-related claims, on Edison International's and SCE's consolidated balance sheets includes Edison International's and SCE's best estimate of expected losses for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events of 
$1,603

 million and other wildfire-related claims estimates of 
$130

 million
.

For the years-ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the income statements include charges for the estimated losses, net of expected recoveries from insurance and FERC customers, related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Year ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

Charge for wildfire-related claims

​

$

 1,265

​

$

 1,297

Expected revenue from FERC customers

​

 (67)

​

 (84)

Total pre-tax charge

​

 1,198

​

 1,213

Income tax benefit

​

 (304)

​

 (339)

Total after-tax charge

​

$

 894

​

$

 874

​

For events that occurred in 2017 and early 2018, principally the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires and Montecito Mudslides, SCE had $1.0 billion of wildfire-specific insurance coverage, subject to a self-insured retention of $
10 million per occurrence. For the Woolsey Fire, SCE had an additional $
1.0 billion of wildfire-specific insurance coverage, subject to a self-insured retention of $
10 million per occurrence. Edison International and SCE record a receivable for insurance recoveries when recovery of a recorded loss is determined to be probable. The following table presents changes in expected insurance recoveries associated with the estimated losses for the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events since December 31, 2020:

​

​

​

​

(in millions)

​

Balance at December 31, 2020

​

$

 708

Insurance recoveries

​

 (708)

Balance at December 31, 2021

​

$

 —

​

In total, through December 31, 2021, SCE has accrued estimated losses of $7.5 billion, has paid or is obligated to pay approximately $
5.9 billion in settlements and has recovered $
2.0 billion from its insurance carriers in relation to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events. 

127

Table of Contents

Recovery of SCE's actual losses realized in connection with the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events in excess of available insurance is subject to approval by regulators. Under accounting standards for rate-regulated enterprises, SCE defers costs as regulatory assets when it concludes that such costs are probable of future recovery in electric rates. SCE utilizes objectively determinable evidence to form its view on probability of future recovery. The only directly comparable precedent in which a California investor-owned utility has sought recovery for uninsured wildfire-related costs is SDG&E's requests for cost recovery related to 2007 wildfire activity, where the FERC allowed recovery of all FERC-jurisdictional wildfire-related costs while the CPUC rejected recovery of all CPUC-jurisdictional wildfire-related costs based on a determination that SDG&E did not meet the CPUC's prudency standard. As a result, while SCE does not agree with the CPUC's decision, it believes that the CPUC's interpretation and application of the prudency standard to SDG&E creates substantial uncertainty regarding how that standard will be applied to an investor-owned utility in wildfire cost-recovery proceedings for fires ignited prior to July 12, 2019. SCE will continue to evaluate the probability of recovery based on available evidence, including judicial, legislative and regulatory decisions, including any CPUC decisions illustrating the interpretation and/or application of the prudency standard when making determinations regarding recovery of uninsured wildfire-related costs. While the CPUC has not made a determination regarding SCE's prudency relative to any of the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events, SCE is unable to conclude, at this time, that uninsured CPUC-jurisdictional wildfire-related costs are probable of recovery through electric rates. SCE would record a regulatory asset at the time it obtains sufficient information to support a conclusion that recovery is probable.
In July 2019, SCE filed a CEMA application with the CPUC to seek recovery of, among other things, approximately $60 million of capital expenditures and capital related expenses incurred to restore service to customers and to repair, replace and restore buildings and SCE's facilities damaged or destroyed as a result of six 2017 fires, primarily the Thomas and Koenigstein Fires. In August 2021, the CPUC issued a final decision which denied without prejudice SCE's application to recover a revenue requirement of $
8 million for all six 2017 wildfires on the basis that SCE did not demonstrate that it was prudent in relation to the Thomas and Rye fires and had failed to segregate the costs attributable to the other four fires. Of the $
8 million revenue requirement that was denied, $
6 million was for the Thomas and Rye fires. CAL FIRE has determined that the Thomas and Rye fires were caused by SCE equipment. The decision allows SCE to submit additional applications with the CPUC to recover the costs associated with the Thomas and Rye fires, does not specify a deadline for any such applications, and directs that SCE must prove it was prudent in relation to the Thomas and/or Rye fires, as applicable, in any such future applications. As required by the final decision with respect to the other four fires, SCE filed supplemental testimony in November 2021 segregating the restoration costs attributable to each such fire. As of December 31, 2021, SCE has $
186 million in assets recorded in property, plant and equipment in relation to restoration costs related to the 2017/2018 Wildfire/Mudslide Events which may not be recoverable. These assets would be impaired if the restoration costs are permanently disallowed by the CPUC in future cost recovery proceedings. SCE continues to incur costs for reconstructing its system and restoring service to structures that were damaged or destroyed by the Thomas, Koenigstein and Woolsey Fires and plans to file additional applications with the CPUC to recover such costs.

Through the operation of its FERC Formula Rate, and based upon the precedent established in SDG&E's recovery of FERC-jurisdictional wildfire-related costs, SCE believes it is probable it will recover its FERC-jurisdictional wildfire and mudslide related costs and has recorded total expected recoveries of $300 million within the FERC balancing account. This was the FERC portion of the total estimated losses accrued. As of December 31, 2021, collections have reduced the regulatory assets remaining in the FERC balancing account to $
165 million.

2019/2020 Wildfires 
Several wildfires significantly impacted portions of SCE's service territory in 2019 and 2020 (the wildfires that originated in Southern California in 2019 and 2020 where SCE's equipment may be alleged to be associated with the fire's ignition are referred to collectively as the "2019/2020 Wildfires"). Edison International and SCE expect that any losses incurred in connection with the 2019/2020 Wildfires will be covered by insurance, subject to self-insured 

128

Table of Contents

retentions and co-insurance, and expect that any such losses after insurance recoveries will not be material. As of December 31, 2021, Edison International and SCE had estimated losses (established at the lower end of the reasonably estimated range of expected losses) of $123 million, and expected recoveries from insurance of $
75 million, reflected on their consolidated balance sheets related to the 2019/2020 Wildfires. 

One of the 2019/2020 Wildfires, the "Saddle Ridge" Fire, originated in Los Angeles county in October 2019 and burned approximately 9,000 acres, destroyed an estimated 
19 structures, damaged an estimated 
88 structures, and resulted in injuries to 
8 individuals and 
one fatality. An investigation into the cause of the Saddle Ridge Fire is being led by the Los Angeles Fire Department. Based on pending litigation and without considering insurance recoveries, it is reasonably possible that SCE will incur a material loss in connection with the Saddle Ridge Fire, but the range of possible losses that could be incurred cannot be estimated at this time. SCE has not accrued a charge for potential losses relating to the Saddle Ridge Fire. 

Another of the 2019/2020 Wildfires, the "Bobcat Fire" was reported in the vicinity of Cogswell Dam in Los Angeles County, California in September 2020. The United States Forest Service ("USFS") has reported that the Bobcat Fire burned approximately 116,000 acres in Los Angeles County, destroyed an estimated 
87 homes, 
1 commercial property and 
83 minor structures, damaged an estimated 
28 homes and 
19 minor structures, and resulted in injuries to 
6 firefighters. In addition, the USFS has estimated suppression costs at $
80 million. A camera in the vicinity of Cogswell Dam captured the initial stages of a fire with the first observed smoke approximately six minutes before an SCE circuit in the area experienced an anomaly (a relay). An investigation into the cause of the Bobcat Fire is being led by the USFS, and the USFS has taken a specific section of an SCE overhead conductor in the vicinity of Cogswell Dam into possession as part of its investigation. SCE understands that the USFS has also taken three tree branches in the area into possession. The SED is also conducting an investigation of the Bobcat Fire. SCE has accrued a charge for potential losses relating to the Bobcat Fire. The accrued charge corresponds to the lower end of the reasonably estimated range of expected losses that may be incurred in connection with the Bobcat Fire and is subject to change as additional information becomes available.

Current Wildfire Insurance Coverage
SCE has approximately $1.0 billion of wildfire-specific insurance coverage for events that may occur during the period July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022, subject to up to $
50 million of self-insured retention per occurrence and up to approximately $
75 million of co-insurance, which results in net coverage of approximately $
875 million. Various coverage limitations within the policies that make up SCE's wildfire insurance coverage could result in additional material self-insured costs, for instance in the event of multiple wildfire occurrences during a policy period or with a single wildfire with damages in excess of the policy limits. SCE believes that its insurance coverage for the July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022 period meets its obligation to maintain reasonable insurance coverage under AB 1054. 

SCE's and Edison International's wildfire insurance expenses in 2021, prior to any regulatory deferrals, were approximately $450 million and $
425 million, respectively. Wildfire insurance expense for both companies in 2020, prior to any regulatory deferrals, was approximately $
450 million. In August 2021, the CPUC issued a final decision in track 1 of the 2021 GRC proceeding which authorized $
460 million for wildfire insurance expense for 2021 and a one-way balancing account to require any overcollection to be returned to customers. Under the final decision, SCE would continue to track incremental wildfire insurance expenses above authorized amounts in its WEMA and recovery of incremental amounts would be subject to future reasonableness review.

SCE tracks incremental insurance premium, self-insured retention and co-insurance costs related to wildfire liability insurance policies as well as other wildfire-related costs, including claims and legal costs, in its WEMA. In December 2020, SCE filed a WEMA application with the CPUC to seek recovery of an aggregate of $214 million, consisting of $
204 million in wildfire insurance premium costs in excess of premiums approved in the 2018 GRC, representing 

129

Table of Contents

wildfire insurance premiums for July 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, the corresponding financing costs, memorandum account interest and a prior period premium adjustment. 
SCE's cost of obtaining wildfire insurance coverage has increased significantly in recent years as a result of, among other things, the number of recent and significant wildfire events throughout California and the application of inverse condemnation to investor-owned utilities. As such, while SCE is required to maintain reasonable insurance coverage under AB 1054, SCE may not be able to obtain a reasonable amount of wildfire insurance, at a reasonable cost, for future policy periods.
Environmental Remediation
SCE records its environmental remediation liabilities when site assessments and/or remedial actions are probable and a range of reasonably likely cleanup costs can be estimated. SCE reviews its sites and measures the liability quarterly, by assessing a range of reasonably likely costs for each identified site using currently available information, including existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, experience gained at similar sites, and the probable level of involvement and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties. These estimates include costs for site investigations, remediation, operation and maintenance, monitoring and site closure. Unless there is a single probable amount, SCE records the lower end of this reasonably likely range of costs (reflected in "Other long-term liabilities") at undiscounted amounts as timing of cash flows is uncertain.
At December 31, 2021, SCE's recorded estimated minimum liability to remediate its 26 identified material sites (sites with a liability balance as of December 31, 2021, in which the upper end of the range of the costs is at least $
1 million) was $
257 million, including $
169 million related to San Onofre. In addition to these sites, SCE also has 
14 immaterial sites with a liability balance on December 31, 2021 for which the total minimum recorded liability was $
3 million. Of the $
260 million total environmental remediation liability for SCE, $
242 million has been recorded as a regulatory asset. SCE expects to recover $
39 million through an incentive mechanism that allows SCE to recover 
90% of its environmental remediation costs at certain sites (SCE may request to include additional sites in this mechanism), and $
203 million through proceedings that allow SCE to recover up to 
100% of the costs incurred at certain sites through customer rates. SCE's identified sites include several sites for which there is a lack of currently available information, including the nature and magnitude of contamination, and the extent, if any, that SCE may be held responsible for contributing to any costs incurred for remediating these sites. Thus, no reasonable estimate of cleanup costs can be made for these sites.

The ultimate costs to clean up SCE's identified sites may vary from its recorded liability due to numerous uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, such as: the extent and nature of contamination; the scarcity of reliable data for identified sites; the varying costs of alternative cleanup methods; developments resulting from investigatory studies; the possibility of identifying additional sites; and the time periods over which site remediation is expected to occur. SCE believes that, due to these uncertainties, it is reasonably possible that cleanup costs at the identified material sites and immaterial sites could exceed its recorded liability by up to $114 million and $
9 million, respectively. The upper limit of this range of costs was estimated using assumptions least favorable to SCE among a range of reasonably possible outcomes.

SCE expects to clean up and mitigate its identified sites over a period of up to 40 years. Remediation costs for each of the next 5 years are expected to range from $
7 million to $
26 million. Costs incurred for years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were $
9 million, $
7 million and $
9 million, respectively.

Based upon the CPUC's regulatory treatment of environmental remediation costs incurred at SCE, SCE believes that costs ultimately recorded will not materially affect its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. There can be no assurance, however, that future developments, including additional information about existing sites or the identification of new sites, will not require material revisions to estimates.

130

Table of Contents

Nuclear Insurance 
Federal law limits public offsite liability claims for bodily injury and property damage from a nuclear incident to the amount of available financial protection, which is currently approximately $13.5 billion for Palo Verde and $
560 million for San Onofre. As of January 1, 2021, SCE and other owners of San Onofre and Palo Verde have purchased the maximum private primary insurance available ($
450 million) through a Facility Form issued by American Nuclear Insurers ("ANI"). In the case of San Onofre, the balance is covered by a US Government indemnity. In the case of Palo Verde, the balance is covered by a loss sharing program among nuclear reactor licensees. If a nuclear incident at any licensed reactor in the United States, which is participating in the loss sharing program, results in claims and/or costs which exceed the primary insurance at that plant site, all participating nuclear reactor licensees could be required to contribute their share of the liability in the form of a deferred premium.

The ANI Facility Form coverage includes broad liability protection for bodily injury or offsite property damage caused by the nuclear energy hazard at San Onofre or Palo Verde, or while radioactive material is in transit to or from San Onofre or Palo Verde. The Facility Form, however, includes several exclusions. First, it excludes onsite property damage to the nuclear facility itself and onsite cleanup costs, but as discussed below SCE maintains separate Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited ("NEIL") property damage coverage for such events. Second, tort claims of onsite workers are excluded, but SCE also maintains an ANI Master Worker Form policy that provides coverage for non-licensee workers. This program provides a shared industry aggregate limit of $450 million. Industry losses covered by this program could reduce limits available to SCE. Third, offsite environmental costs arising out of government orders or directives, including those issued under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, also known as CERCLA, are excluded, with minor exceptions from clearly identifiable accidents.

SCE withdrew from participation in the secondary insurance pool for San Onofre for offsite liability insurance effective January 5, 2018. Based on its ownership interests in Palo Verde, SCE could be required to pay a maximum of approximately $65 million per nuclear incident for future incidents. However, it would have to pay no more than approximately $
10 million per future incident in any one year. SCE could be required to pay a maximum of approximately $
255 million per nuclear incident and a maximum of $
38 million per year per incident for liabilities arising from events prior to January 5, 2018, although SCE is not aware of any such events. If the public liability limit above is insufficient, federal law contemplates that additional funds may be appropriated by Congress. This could include an additional assessment on all licensed reactor operators as a measure for raising further federal revenue.

SCE is a member of NEIL, a mutual insurance company owned by entities with nuclear facilities. NEIL provides insurance for nuclear property damage, including damages caused by acts of terrorism up to specified limits, and for accidental outages for active facilities. The amount of nuclear property damage insurance purchased for San Onofre and Palo Verde exceeds the minimum federal requirement of $50 million and $
1.1 billion, respectively. These policies include coverage for decontamination liability. Additional outage insurance covers part of replacement power expenses during an accident-related nuclear unit outage. The accidental outage insurance at San Onofre has been canceled as a result of the permanent retirement, but that insurance continues to be in effect at Palo Verde.

If NEIL losses at any nuclear facility covered by the arrangement were to exceed the accumulated funds for these insurance programs, SCE could be assessed retrospective premium adjustments of up to approximately $30 million per year. Insurance premiums are charged to operating expense.

Upstream Lighting Program 

From 2017 – 2019, SCE administered the Upstream Lighting Program, part of a statewide program administered by investor-owned utilities that offered discounted energy efficient light bulbs to customers through incentives to lighting manufacturers. The CPUC began investigating the programs administered by the investor-owned utilities based on reports that investor-owned utilities, including SCE, shipped a significant number of bulbs under the program that could 

131

Table of Contents

not be tracked to customers. Beginning in January 2020, the CPUC has sought comments on remedies related to SCE's implementation of the Upstream Lighting Program from 2017 through 2019 program years. SCE undertook an independent investigation of bulbs shipped to retailers categorized as grocery and discount businesses during the 2017 to 2019 program years and found that there were overstocking of bulbs and program management shortcomings. Incentives paid to manufacturers for bulbs shipped to grocery and discount businesses during the relevant period, including those that were sold to customers, were approximately $91 million. In addition, SCE received incentives related to the bulbs shipped to grocery and discount businesses through an energy efficiency incentive mechanism ("ESPI Mechanism") of approximately $
3.5 million related to the bulbs shipped in 2017 and 2018. SCE may also receive incentives of approximately $
1.3 million under the ESPI Mechanism in 2022 related to bulbs shipped to grocery and discount businesses in 2018 and 2019. 

In January 2021, the Public Advocates Office and The Utility Reform Network provided comments to the CPUC arguing that SCE imprudently managed the program and requesting: a refund of $33 million of ESPI awards, which includes incentives associated with the Upstream Lighting Program and other energy efficiency programs; a refund of $
92 million of incentives paid to manufacturers and associated program administrative costs; $
140 million in fines; and additional program improvements to be provided at shareholder expense. In March 2021, SCE filed reply comments arguing that remedies of approximately $
21 million were appropriate. The CPUC has noted that it expects to address the pending issues related to the upstream lighting program in the second quarter of 2022.

SCE has accrued a charge for potential losses relating to the Upstream Lighting Program. The accrued charge corresponds to the lower end of the reasonably estimated range of expected losses that may be incurred in connection with the Upstream Lighting Program and is subject to change as additional information becomes available.

Note 13.
Leases

Leases as Lessee

SCE enters into various agreements to purchase power, electric capacity and other energy products that may be accounted for as leases when SCE has dispatch rights that determine when and how a plant runs. SCE also leases property and equipment primarily related to vehicles, office space and other equipment. The terms of the lease contracts included in the table below are primarily 2 to 
20 years for PPA leases, 
3 to 
72 years for office leases, and 
5 to 
13 years for the remaining other operating leases.

132

Table of Contents

The following table summarizes SCE's lease payments for operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2021:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

PPA Operating

​

Other Operating

​

PPA Finance

(in millions)

Leases1

Leases2

Leases1

2022

​

$

 579

​

$

 44

​

$

 1

2023

​

 482

​

 36

​

 1

2024

​

 73

​

 30

​

 —

2025

​

 73

​

 27

​

 —

2026

​

 70

​

 24

​

 —

Thereafter

​

 698

​

 110

​

 5

Total lease payments

​

 1,975

​

 271

​

 7

Amount representing interest

​

 262

​

 59

​

 4

Lease liabilities

​

$

 1,713

​

$

 212

​

$

 3

1
Excludes expected purchases from most renewable energy contracts, which do not meet the definition of a lease payment since renewable power generation is contingent on external factors.

2
Excludes escalation clauses based on consumer price or other indices and residual value guarantees that are not considered probable at the commencement date of the lease.

Supplemental balance sheet information related to SCE's leases was as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

December 31, 

(in millions)

​

2021

2020

Operating leases:

​

​

Operating lease ROU assets1

​

$

 1,925

​

$

 1,085

Current portion of operating lease liabilities

​

 582

​

 214

Operating lease liabilities

​

 1,343

​

 871

Total operating lease liabilities1

​

$

 1,925

​

$

 1,085

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Finance leases included in:

​

​

Utility property, plant and equipment, gross

​

$

 4

​

$

 4

Accumulated depreciation

​

 (1)

​

 —

Utility property, plant and equipment, net

​

 3

​

 4

Other long-term liabilities

​

 3

​

 4

Total finance lease liabilities

​

$

 3

​

$

 4

1
During the year ended December 31, 2021, three SCE PPA operating lease contracts commenced and three power contracts were amended resulting in a total of 
$1.1

 billion additions in ROU assets and lease liabilities.

The timing of SCE's recognition of the lease expense conforms to ratemaking treatment for SCE's recovery of the cost of electricity and is included in purchased power for operating leases and interest and amortization expense for finance leases. The following table summarizes the components of SCE's lease expense:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

​

​

2019

PPA leases:

​

​

​

Operating lease cost

​

$

 305

​

$

 111

​

$

 118

Finance lease cost

​

​

 1

​

​

 1

​

​

 1

Variable lease cost1

​

​

 2,097

​

​

 1,917

​

​

 2,087

Short term lease cost

​

​

 539

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

Total PPA lease cost

​

 2,942

​

 2,029

​

 2,206

Other operating leases cost

​

​

 47

​

​

 47

​

​

 46

Total lease cost

​

$

 2,989

​

$

 2,076

​

$

 2,252

1
Includes lease costs from renewable energy contracts where payments are based on contingent external factors such as wind, hydro and solar power generation.

133

Table of Contents

Other information related to leases was as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

​

(in millions, except lease term and discount rate)

2021

2020

​

2019

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Operating cash flows from operating leases

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

PPA leases

​

$

 305

​

​

$

 111

​

​

$

 118

​

Other leases

​

 45

​

​

 44

​

​

 44

​

Financing cash flows from PPA finance leases

​

 1

​

​

 1

​

​

 1

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:

​

​

​

​

​

​

PPA operating leases

​

$

 1,084

​

​

$

 463

​

​

$

 —

​

Other operating leases

​

 71

​

​

 58

​

​

 34

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years):

​

​

​

​

​

​

Operating leases

​

​

​

​

​

​

PPA leases

​

 8.16

​

​

 9.75

​

​

 16.05

​

Other leases

​

 11.14

​

​

 12.13

​

​

 12.73

​

PPA Finance leases

​

 15.67

​

​

 16.67

​

​

 11.51

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Weighted average discount rate:

​

​

​

​

​

​

Operating leases

​

​

​

​

​

​

PPA leases

​

 2.43

%

​

 3.12

%

​

 4.46

%

Other leases

​

 3.34

%

​

 3.63

%

​

 3.88

%

PPA Finance leases

​

 11.29

%

​

 11.29

%

​

 8.76

%

​

Leases as Lessor

SCE also enters into operating leases to rent certain land and facilities as a lessor. These leases primarily have terms that range from 10 to 
65 years. During the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, SCE recognized lease income of $
16 million, $
17 million and $
18 million, respectively, which is included in operating revenue on the consolidated statements of income. At December 31, 2021, the undiscounted cash flow expected to be received from lease payments for the remaining years is as follows:

​

​

​

​

​

(in millions)

​

2022

​

$

 11

2023

​

 10

2024

​

 8

2025

​

 7

2026

​

 6

Thereafter

​

 124

Total

​

$

 166

​

​

Note 14.
Equity

Common Stock Issuances
Edison International did not issue any shares during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 through its "at-the-market" ("ATM") program established in May 2019. Under the ATM program, Edison International may sell shares of its common stock having an aggregate sales price of up to $
1.5 billion. As of December 31, 2021, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of $
1.3 billion remained available to be sold under the ATM program. Edison International has no obligation to sell the remaining available shares.

Edison International continued to settle its ongoing common stock requirements of various internal programs through issuance of new common stock. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, 522,400 shares of common stock 

134

Table of Contents

were purchased by employees through the 401(k) defined contribution savings plan for net cash receipts of $30 million, 
629,092 shares of common stock were issued as stock compensation awards for net cash receipts of $
25 million and 
293,031 shares of new common stock were issued in lieu of distributing $
17 million to shareholders opting to receive dividend payments in the form of additional common stock and 
26,475 shares of common stock related to optional cash investments of $
2 million

. Starting July 2021, the 401(k) defined contribution savings plan no longer offers Edison International's stock as an investment option to employees. Subsequent to the change, stock issued through the 401(k) defined contribution savings plan were dividend payments made in the form of additional common stock.

During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, 
1,644,500

 shares of common stock were purchased by employees through the 401(k) defined contribution savings plan for net cash receipts of 
$99

 million, 
387,425

 shares of common stock were issued as stock compensation awards for net cash receipts of 
$16

 million, 
280,707

 shares of new common stock were issued in lieu of distributing 
$17

 million to shareholders opting to receive dividend payments in the form of additional common stock and 
35,999

 shares of common stock related to optional cash investments of 
$2

 million.

Preferred Stock Issuances
In 2021, Edison International issued 1,250,000 shares of 
5.375% Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A, and 
750,000 shares of its 
5.00% Fixed-Rate Reset Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B, each with a liquidation value of $
1,000 per share. The dividends are payable on a semi-annual basis, commencing September 15, 2021 and March 15, 2022, respectively. The dividend rate will be reset every 
five years beginning on March 15, 2026 and March 15,2027, respectively, to equal the then-current 
five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 
4.698% and 
3.901%, respectively. The net proceeds of $
2.0 billion were used to repay commercial paper borrowings and for general corporate purposes, including making a total of $
900 million equity contributions to SCE.

Edison International may, at its option, redeem its preferred stock in whole or in part during certain periods of time prior to each of the dividend reset dates at a price equal to $1,000 per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends. Edison International may also, at its option, redeem the preferred stocks in whole but not in part at a price equal to $
1,020 per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends within a certain period of time following any change in the criteria rating agencies use that would have adverse effects on the equity credit attributed by rating agencies to the preferred stocks.

The preferred stocks rank senior to Edison International's common stock with respect to dividends rights and distribution rights upon liquidation. The preferred stocks are not subject to any mandatory sinking fund, retirement fund, purchase fund or other similar provisions. Holders of the shares of the preferred stocks do not have the right to require Edison International to repurchase or redeem shares of the preferred stocks.

Preferred and Preference Stock of Utility
SCE's authorized shares are: $100 cumulative preferred – 
12 million shares, $
25 cumulative preferred – 
24 million shares and preference with 
no par value – 
50 million shares. There are 
no dividends in arrears for the preferred or preference shares.

During 2020, SCE redeemed $120 million of cumulative preferred stock consisting of all of the outstanding shares of the 
4.32% Series, 
4.08% Series, 
4.24% Series and the 
4.78% Series at a price of $
28.75, $
25.50, $
25.80 and $
25.80, respectively. SCE recorded a $
9 million loss on the redemption of the preferred stock as an adjustment to net income available to common stockholders. 
No preferred shares were issued or redeemed in the year ended December 31, 2021. There is no sinking fund requirement for redemptions or repurchases of preferred shares.

Shares of SCE's preference stock rank senior to SCE’s common stock with respect to dividend rights and distribution rights upon liquidation. Shares of SCE's preference stock are not convertible into shares of any other class or series of 

135

Table of Contents

SCE's capital stock or any other security. SCE's outstanding preference shares are not subject to mandatory redemption and there is no sinking fund requirement for redemptions or repurchases of preference shares.
Preference stocks are:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Redemption

​

Dividends

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Shares

​

Price

​

Declared

​

December 31, 

(in millions, except shares and per share amounts)

Outstanding

per Share

per Share

2021

2020

No par value:

​

​

​

​

6.25% Series E (cumulative)

 350,000

​

$

 1,000.00

​

$

 62.500

​

$

 350

​

$

 350

5.10% Series G (cumulative)

 88,004

​

 2,500.00

​

 127.500

​

 220

​

 220

5.75% Series H (cumulative)

 110,004

​

 2,500.00

​

 143.750

​

 275

​

 275

5.375% Series J (cumulative)

 130,004

​

 2,500.00

​

 134.375

​

 325

​

 325

5.45% Series K (cumulative)

 120,004

​

 2,500.00

​

 136.250

​

 300

​

 300

5.00% Series L (cumulative)

 190,004

​

 2,500.00

​

 125.000

​

 475

​

 475

SCE's preference stock

​

​

​

​

​

​

 1,945

​

 1,945

Less issuance costs

​

​

​

 (44)

​

 (44)

Edison International's preference stock of utility

​

​

​

$

 1,901

​

$

 1,901

​

Shares of Series E preference stock issued in 2012 may be redeemed at par, in whole or in part, on or after February 1, 2022. Distributions will accrue and be payable at a floating rate from and including February 1, 2022. Shares of Series G, H, J, K and L preference stock, issued in 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively, may be redeemed at par, in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2018, March 15, 2024, September 15, 2025, March 15, 2026 and June 26, 2022, respectively, if certain changes in tax or investment company law or interpretation (or applicable rating agency equity credit criteria for Series L only) occur and certain other conditions are satisfied. On or after March 15, 2018, March 15, 2024, September 15, 2025, March 15, 2026 and June 26, 2022, SCE may redeem the Series G, H, J, K and L shares, respectively, at par, in whole or in part. For shares of Series H, J and K preference stock, distributions will accrue and be payable at a floating rate from and including March 15, 2024, September 15, 2025 and March 15, 2026, respectively. Shares of Series G, H, J, K and L preference stock were issued to SCE Trust II, SCE Trust III, SCE Trust IV, SCE Trust V and SCE Trust VI, respectively, special purpose entities formed to issue trust securities as discussed in Note 3. During 2020, SCE redeemed $180 million of the outstanding shares of the Series G preference stock. SCE recorded a $
6 million loss on the redemption of the preference stock as an adjustment to net income available to common stockholders. 
No preference stocks were issued or redeemed in the year ended December 31, 2021.

Note 15.
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss

The changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, consist of:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

​

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

​

2021

2020

2021

2020

Beginning balance

​

$

 (69)

​

$

 (69)

​

$

 (41)

​

$

 (39)

Pension and PBOP – net loss:

​

​

​

​

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications

​

 7

​

 (8)

​

 4

​

 (7)

Reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss1

​

 8

​

 8

​

 5

​

 5

Change

​

 15

​

 —

​

 9

​

 (2)

Ending Balance

​

$

 (54)

​

$

 (69)

​

$

 (32)

​

$

 (41)

​

1     These items are included in the computation of net periodic pension and PBOP expenses. See Note 9 for additional information
.

136

Table of Contents

Note 16.
Other Income

Other income net of expenses is as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

SCE other income (expense):

​

​

​

Equity allowance for funds used during construction

$

 118

​

$

 121

​

$

 101

Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance policies and life insurance benefits

 40

​

 66

​

 39

Interest income

 3

​

 20

​

 37

Net periodic benefit income – non-service components

 123

​

 102

​

 70

Civic, political and related activities and donations

 (39)

​

 (42)

​

 (46)

Other

 (12)

​

 (12)

​

 (6)

Total SCE other income

 233

​

 255

​

 195

Other income (expense) of Edison International Parent and Other:

​

​

Net periodic benefit costs – non-service components

 (2)

​

 (2)

​

 (3)

Unrealized gains on equity securities

​

 4

​

​

 —

​

​

 —

Other

 2

​

 (2)

​

 1

Total Edison International other income

$

 237

​

$

 251

​

$

 193

​

​

Note 17.
Supplemental Cash Flows Information

Supplemental cash flows information is:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Edison International

​

SCE

​

​

Years ended December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

2019

2021

2020

2019

Cash payments (receipts):

​

​

​

​

​

​

Interest, net of amounts capitalized

​

$

 887

​

$

 836

​

$

 705

​

$

 760

​

$

 713

​

$

 615

Income taxes, net

​

 (88)

​

 (34)

​

 (85)

​

 (88)

​

 (50)

​

 (164)

Non-cash financing and investing activities:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

Dividends declared but not paid:

​

​

​

​

​

​

Common stock

​

 266

​

 251

​

 231

​

 325

​

 —

​

 200

Preferred and preference stock of utility

​

 11

​

 11

​

 12

​

 11

​

 11

​

 12

​

SCE's accrued capital expenditures at December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 were $668 million, $
730 million and $
643 million, respectively. Accrued capital expenditures will be included as an investing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flow in the period paid.

Note 18.
Related-Party Transactions

Edison International and SCE provide and receive various services to and from its subsidiaries and affiliates. Services provided to Edison International by SCE are priced at fully loaded cost (i.e., direct cost of good or service and allocation of overhead cost). Specified administrative services performed by Edison International or SCE employees, such as payroll and employee benefit programs, are shared among all affiliates of Edison International. Costs are allocated based on one of the following formulas: percentage of time worked, equity in investment and advances, number of employees, or multi-factor (operating revenue, operating expenses, total assets and number of employees). Edison International allocates various corporate administrative and general costs to SCE and other subsidiaries using established allocation factors.
For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, SCE purchased wildfire liability insurance for premiums of $185 million, $
176 million and $
260 million respectively, from Edison Insurance Services, Inc. ("EIS"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edison International. EIS fully reinsured the exposure for these policies through the commercial 

137

Table of Contents

reinsurance market, with reinsurance limits and premiums equal to those of the insurance purchased by SCE, except for a contract for a premium of $25 million ($
24 million, after 
3% of nonadmitted insurance tax) executed in November 2021 under which EIS provided insurance protection to SCE. SCE recorded the premium as insurance expense and recorded equal revenue due to customer funding through regulatory cost recovery mechanisms, therefore there is no earnings impact on SCE's consolidated statement of income. EIS recorded the premium as insurance revenue. On the Edison International consolidated statement of income, the EIS insurance revenue eliminates with SCE's insurance expense, therefore the SCE customer revenues impact the earnings of Edison International.

The related-party transactions included in SCE's consolidated balance sheets for wildfire-related insurance purchased from EIS and related expected insurance recoveries were as follows:

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

​

December 31, 

(in millions)

2021

2020

Insurance receivable due from affiliate

​

$

 —

​

$

268

Prepaid insurance1

​

 52

​

 56

1
Reflected in "Prepaid expenses" on SCE's consolidated balance sheets.

The expense for wildfire-related insurance premiums paid to EIS were $192 million, $
189 million and $
173 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively.

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.

CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on an evaluation of Edison International's and SCE's disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as of December 31, 2021, Edison International's and SCE's respective principal executive officers and principal financial officers have concluded that such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Edison International and SCE in reports that the companies file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms. In addition, Edison International's and SCE's respective principal executive officers and principal financial officers have concluded that such controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by Edison International and SCE in the reports that Edison International and SCE file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Edison International's and SCE's management, including Edison International's and SCE's respective principal executive officers and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Edison International's and SCE's respective management are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for Edison International and its subsidiaries and SCE, respectively. Under the supervision and with the participation of their respective principal executive officer and principal financial officer, Edison International's and SCE's management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of their respective internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework set forth in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on their evaluations under the COSO framework, Edison 

138

Table of Contents

International's and SCE's respective management concluded that Edison International's and SCE's respective internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2021. Edison International's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report on the financial statements included in this report, which is incorporated herein by this reference. This annual report does not include an attestation report of SCE's independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report for SCE is not subject to attestation by the independent registered public accounting firm.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in Edison International's or SCE's internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Edison International's or SCE's internal control over financial reporting.
Jointly Owned Utility Plant
Edison International's and SCE's respective scope of evaluation of internal control over financial reporting includes their Jointly Owned Utility Projects.

BUSINESS

CORPORATE STRUCTURE, INDUSTRY AND OTHER INFORMATION
Edison International was incorporated in 1987 as the parent holding company of SCE, a California public utility incorporated in 1909. Edison International also owns Edison Energy which is engaged in the competitive business of providing integrated decarbonization and energy solutions to commercial, institutional and industrial customers.
The principal executive offices of Edison International and SCE are located at 2244 Walnut Grove Avenue, P.O. Box 976, Rosemead, California 91770, and the telephone numbers are (626) 302-2222 for Edison International and (626) 302-1212 for SCE.
This is a combined Annual Report on Form 10-K for Edison International and SCE. Edison International and SCE make available at www.edisoninvestor.com: Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after Edison International and SCE electronically file such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. Such reports are also available on the SEC's internet website at www.sec.gov. The information contained on, or connected to, the Edison investor website is not incorporated by reference into this report.

139

Table of Contents

Subsidiaries of Edison International
SCE – Public Utility
SCE is an investor-owned public utility primarily engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity through SCE's electrical infrastructure to an approximately 50,000 square-mile area of southern California. SCE serves approximately 5 million customers in its service area. SCE's total number of customers by class were as follows:
​

​

​

​

​

​

​

(in thousands)

2021

2020

2019

Residential

 4,499

 4,531

 4,499

Commercial

 605

 577

 575

Industrial

 7

 9

 10

Public authorities

 70

 46

 46

Agricultural and other

 20

 20

 21

Total

 5,201

 5,183

 5,151

​

In 2021, SCE's total operating revenue of $14.9 billion was derived as follows: 41.6% commercial customers, 40.3% residential customers, 4.0% public authorities, 3.2% industrial customers, 4.1% agricultural and other, and 6.8% other operating revenue.
CPUC and FERC rates decouple authorized revenue from the volume of electricity sales and the price of energy procured so that SCE has the opportunity to receive revenue equal to amounts authorized by the relevant regulatory agencies. As a result, the volume of electricity sold to customers does not have a direct impact on SCE's financial results. See "SCE—Overview of Ratemaking Process—CPUC" and "—FERC" for further information.
Edison Energy – Energy Service Provider
Edison Energy which is engaged in the competitive business of providing integrated decarbonization and energy solutions to commercial, institutional and industrial customers. Edison Energy aims to provide energy solutions that address cost, carbon and complex choices for their customers. To date, investments in Edison Energy are not material to be reported as a business segment.

Regulation of Edison International as a Holding Company
As a public utility holding company, Edison International is subject to the Public Utility Holding Company Act. The Public Utility Holding Company Act primarily obligates Edison International and its utility subsidiaries to provide access to their books and records to the FERC and the CPUC for ratemaking purposes.

Edison International is not a public utility and its capital structure is not regulated by the CPUC. The 1988 CPUC decision authorizing SCE to reorganize into a holding company structure, however, imposed certain obligations on Edison International and its affiliates. These obligations include a requirement that SCE's dividend policy continue to be established by SCE's Board of Directors as though SCE were a stand-alone utility company, and that the capital requirements of SCE, as deemed to be necessary to meet SCE's electricity service obligations, shall receive first priority from the Boards of Directors of Edison International and SCE. The CPUC has also promulgated Affiliate Transaction Rules, which, among other requirements, prohibit holding companies from (1) being used as a conduit to provide non-public information to a utility's affiliates and (2) causing or abetting a utility's violation of the rules, including providing preferential treatment to its affiliates.

Human Capital

At December 31, 2021, Edison International had an aggregate of 13,003 employees (excluding interns and employees on a leaves of absence), of which 12,715 were full-time employees of SCE or its subsidiaries. In addition to employees, SCE's workforce includes a significant number of contract workers who support SCE's operations. Among these contract 

140

Table of Contents

workers are Safety Tier 1 Contractors. SCE estimates, based on contractors' self-reported hours worked and a 2,080-hour work year, that there were approximately 11,000 full-time equivalent Safety Tier 1 Contractors supporting SCE operations during 2021. In addition to Safety Tier 1 Contractors, SCE also uses other contract workers to support its transmission and distribution, vegetation management, information technology and customer service activities.
Approximately 3,900 of SCE's employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers ("IBEW"). The IBEW collective bargaining agreements expire on December 31, 2022. In addition, a substantial number of SCE's contract workers are also unionized.
Edison International focuses on various human capital measures and objectives in managing its business, including measures and objectives related to safety, diversity, equity and inclusion and workforce continuity.
Safety

Safety is the first of Edison International's core values. Edison International is committed to creating and maintaining a safe environment for its employees, contract workers, customers and the public. Over the past several years, Edison International's efforts to improve workforce safety have included increased focus on, and investment in, maturing a culture of safety ownership among its workforce that empowers employees and contract workers to own their safety, support their team members' safety and contribute to a safe work environment.
Edison International makes efforts to eliminate fatalities and serious injuries and reduce all injuries. For instance, all full-time employees are provided with regular safety-related training, particularly for those who work in proximity to high-voltage electrical equipment and other high-risk activities. In addition, SCE implemented more safety requirements for both prime contractors and subcontractors in 2021.
Edison International uses employee safety culture assessments to measure its progress relative to improving its safety culture. Edison International also uses various measures to assess safety performance, including, without limitation, fatalities and serious injury rates for employees and contract workers. The following represents data for 2021:

Employee work-related fatalities

0

Employee EEI Serious Injuries

8

Employee EEI SIF Rate1

0.06

Employee DART Rate2

1.03

Safety Tier 1 Contractor work-related fatalities

1

Safety Tier 1 Contractor EEI Serious Injuries

13

Safety Tier 1 Contractor EEI SIF Rate1

0.12

Safety Tier 1 Contractor DART Rate2

0.36

​

1 

EEI SIF Rate is calculated by multiplying the total number of EEI SIFs by 200,000 and then dividing by the total number of reported hours worked. 

2

DART Rate is calculated by multiplying the number of DARTs by 200,000 and then dividing by the total number of reported hours worked.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Edison International has continued to look for ways to minimize exposure risk and protect the health and safety of its employees. All Edison International employees who, in the company's assessment, can work remotely and perform their job functions effectively have been directed to do so. Approximately two-thirds of Edison International's employees were working remotely as of February 1, 2022. Edison International has also taken additional steps to minimize exposure for those employees who are not working remotely, including modified 

141

Table of Contents

work practices. Edison International has also extended several benefits to help employees during the pandemic, including providing additional paid leave related to the pandemic for illness, quarantine or to care for family members. 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Edison International is committed to developing a team that reflects the broad diversity of the customers and communities it serves. At Edison International, on average, employees in the same role get equal pay for equal work. Similar to broader society, when looking at gender or race/ethnicity-specific groups across Edison International without regard to role, female employees and Black and Hispanic employees do not receive comparable pay to male and white employees, respectively, due to lower representation of female, Black and Hispanic employees in higher paying jobs. Edison International is committed to working towards increasing diversity in its higher paying jobs. 
The table below provides Edison International's employee diversity data1 as of December 31, 2021:

​

Employees2

​

Leaders3

​

Executives4

​

Females

32 

%

27 

%

38 

%

Racially/ethnically diverse

62 

%

51 

%

36 

%

Racially/ethnically or gender diverse

71 

%

62 

%

62 

%

​

1

Calculated using the guidelines SCE uses to calculate the diversity data it reports to the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.

2

 Excludes interns and employees on a leave of absence.

3

"Leaders" represents all non-executive manager and supervisor level employees.

4

"Executives" represents all officers and all director level employees. 

To support Edison International's diversity, equity and inclusion efforts, Executives and Leaders are offered training and tools to promote diverse representation throughout their teams. In addition, Edison International evaluates whether hiring processes include diverse candidates and diverse sets of decision makers. In addition to measuring diversity, Edison International also uses various other measures to assess success of diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, including without limitation, monitoring hiring, promotion and turnover rates for diverse employees.
Workforce Continuity

Edison International is committed to identifying and developing the talents of its workforce and takes a variety of steps to increase employee engagement and provide employees opportunities for growth. Employees are provided with training opportunities, including an onboarding program, technical training, required ethics and compliance training and optional trainings to support career development. SCE estimates that over 95% of active SCE employees completed all assigned training required to be completed in 2021 as part of SCE's enterprise-wide training program. Employees may also be required to take additional trainings based on their job function.
Employees receive competitive compensation packages which include a wide selection of health plans, a 401(k) savings plan with a company match, wellness programs and initiatives, tuition reimbursement, competitive vacation/holiday program, professional development, volunteer programs, employee assistance program, and a philanthropy and matching contribution program.
Edison International uses various measures to assess employee engagement and satisfaction, including, without limitation, conducting regular employee sentiment surveys and monitoring turnover. Edison International Parent and SCE's combined Turnover Rate increased from 5.1% in 2020 to 7.5% in 2021, driven by an increase in voluntary turnover from 3.3% in 2020 to 6.4% in 2021.

142

Table of Contents

Executives engage in succession planning for leadership positions within the organization. Edison International's and SCE's Boards of Directors also engage in annual succession planning and talent development discussions for senior officers.
Edison International's Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Report and Sustainability Report are available at http://www.edison.com/sustainability. The reports and any other information contained on, or connected to, this website are not deemed part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Insurance
Edison International maintains a property and casualty insurance program for itself and its subsidiaries and excess liability insurance covering liabilities to third parties for bodily injury or property damage resulting from operations. These policies are subject to specific retentions, sub-limits and deductibles, which are comparable to those carried by other utility companies of similar size. SCE also has separate insurance programs for nuclear property and liability, workers compensation and wildfires. For further information on nuclear and wildfire insurance, see "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements—Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies—Contingencies."

SCE

Regulation
CPUC

The CPUC has the authority to regulate, among other things, retail rates, utility distribution-level equipment and assets, energy purchases on behalf of retail customers, SCE capital structure, rate of return, issuance of securities, disposition of utility assets and facilities, oversight of nuclear decommissioning funding and costs, and aspects of the transmission system planning, site identification and construction, including safety and environmental mitigation.

FERC

The FERC has the authority to regulate wholesale rates as well as other matters, including unbundled transmission service pricing, rate of return, accounting practices, and licensing of hydroelectric projects. The FERC also has jurisdiction over a portion of the retail rates and associated rate design.
CAISO

The CAISO operates a wholesale energy market primarily in California through which competing electricity generators offer their electricity output to market participants, including electricity retailers. Major transmission projects required for reliability and accessing renewable resources are identified and approved through the CAISO's annual transmission planning process. Much of SCE's transmission investment to date was to access renewable resources to meet the goal of 33% renewable resources by December 2020. The CAISO is now conducting transmission planning studies to identify transmission needed to meet a 46 million metric ton GHG emissions target by 2030 set by the CPUC for California's electricity sector to support California's target of reducing overall GHG emissions statewide by 40 percent below 1990 levels by 2030. 
NERC

The FERC assigned administrative responsibility to the NERC to establish and enforce reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection standards, which protect the bulk power system against potential disruptions from cyber and physical security breaches. The critical infrastructure protection standards focus on controlling access to critical physical and cyber security assets, including supervisory control and data acquisition systems for the electric grid. Compliance 

143

Table of Contents

with these standards is mandatory. The maximum penalty that may be levied for violating a NERC reliability or critical infrastructure protection standard is $1 million per violation, per day.
SCE has a formal cyber security and physical security programs that cover SCE's information technology and operational technology systems, including customer data. Program staff is engaged with industry groups as well as public-private initiatives to reduce risk and to strengthen the security and reliability of SCE's systems and infrastructure.
OEIS

Effective July 1, 2021, the OEIS became the successor to the CPUC's Wildfire Safety Division ("WSD"), and was vested with the powers, duties, and responsibilities of the WSD, as well as other statutory authority. OEIS is responsible for, among other things, approving and overseeing compliance with WMPs. As part of overseeing WMP compliance, OEIS can issue notices of violation and recommend that the Commission pursue an enforcement action against an electrical corporation for noncompliance with its approved WMP. Other OEIS tasks include conducting safety culture assessments, approving executive compensation structures, and issuing safety certifications.
Nuclear Power Plant Regulation
The NRC has jurisdiction with respect to the safety of San Onofre and Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Stations. The NRC regulates commercial nuclear power plants through licensing, oversight and inspection, performance assessment, and enforcement of its requirements. In June 2013, SCE decided to permanently retire and decommission San Onofre. The NRC regulates the decommissioning of San Onofre. For further information, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Decommissioning of San Onofre" in the MD&A.

Other Regulatory Agencies
The construction, planning and project site identification of SCE's transmission lines and substation facilities require the compliance with various laws and approval of many governmental agencies in addition to the CPUC and FERC. These include various state regulatory agencies depending on the project location; the CAISO; the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and other environmental, land management and resource agencies such as the Bureau of Land Management, the U.S. Forest Service, the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, and the California Coastal Commission; and the State Water Resources Control Board. In addition, to the extent that SCE transmission line projects pass through lands owned or controlled by Native American tribes, consent and approval from the affected tribes and the Bureau of Indian Affairs are also necessary for the project to proceed.
Compliance with Government Regulations

SCE incurs significant costs to comply with government regulations. These costs, which include operation and maintenance expenses and capital expenses, including without limitation: costs incurred to maintain wildfire insurance coverage required under AB 1054; comply with environmental regulations, including licensing requirements, regulations governing California's renewable energy standards and regulations governing the decommissioning of SONGS; land use and construction regulations; privacy and cybersecurity regulations; and Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulations. SCE also incurs operation and maintenance expenses and capital expenses to comply with requirements set forth in various regulatory decisions, including, costs incurred to implement its approved capital projects and safety programs such as its WMPs.
Most costs incurred by SCE to comply with government regulations are authorized in its CPUC and FERC general rate cases and, are therefore, recovered through electric rates. To the extent SCE incurs costs to comply with government regulations above those that are authorized, or prior to obtaining authorization, for recovery through rates (for instance certain costs incurred in line with SCE's obligations under its WMPs and tracked in wildfire mitigation-related memorandum accounts), SCE will seek recovery of such costs through electric rates. There is no assurance that SCE will 

144

Table of Contents

be allowed to fully recover these costs. For further information on wildfire mitigation and wildfire insurance costs, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Regulatory Proceedings—Wildfire Related Regulatory Proceedings."
SCE earns a rate of return on its authorized capital expenditures included in its rate base. Approximately $1.6 billion of spending by SCE on wildfire risk mitigation capital expenditures made after August 1, 2019 are not included in rate base under the terms of AB 1054.

Overview of Ratemaking Process
CPUC

Revenue authorized by the CPUC through GRC proceedings is intended to provide SCE a reasonable opportunity to recover its costs and earn a return on its net investments in generation and distribution assets and general plant (also referred to as "rate base") on a forecast basis. Starting with SCE's 2021 GRC, revenue will be authorized through quadrennial GRC proceedings where the CPUC sets an annual revenue requirement for the base year which is made up of the operation and maintenance costs, depreciation, taxes and a return consistent with the authorized cost of capital (discussed below). In the GRC proceedings, the CPUC also generally approves the level of capital spending on a forecast basis. Following the base year, the revenue requirements for the remaining three years will be set by a methodology established in the GRC proceeding, which has generally, among other items, included annual allowances for escalation in operation and maintenance costs and additional changes in capital-related investments. By May 15 in the year preceding each GRC application filing date, SCE is required to file a Risk Assessment and Mitigation Phase ("RAMP") application with the CPUC to provide information about SCE's assessment of its key safety risks and its proposed programs and spending for mitigating those risks. The information developed during the RAMP informs SCE's proposed projects and funding requests in the subsequent phase of the GRC. SCE will file its next RAMP application by May 15, 2022.
SCE's 2021 GRC has authorized revenue requirements for 2021, 2022 and 2023 of $6.9 billion, $7.3 billion and $7.7 billion. SCE's first RAMP application was filed in November 2018 for its 2021 GRC. SCE will make an additional filing in the 2021 GRC proceeding to cover 2024. For further discussion of the 2021 GRC, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources— SCE—Regulatory Proceedings— 2021 GRC" in the MD&A. 
The CPUC regulates SCE's cost of capital, including its capital structure and authorized rates of return. SCE's currently authorized capital structure is 43% long-term debt, 5% preferred equity and 52% common equity. SCE's currently authorized cost of capital for 2020, 2021 and 2022 consists of: cost of long-term debt of 4.74%, cost of preferred equity of 5.70% and ROE of 10.3% and includes an adjustment mechanism set by the CPUC that could adjust authorized cost of capital between SCE's cost of capital proceedings. Under the current mechanism, because the difference between the benchmark and the average of the same index for the 12-month period to September 30, 2021 exceeded 100-basis points, SCE's CPUC-authorized ROE would be adjusted by half the amount of the difference (up or down) and SCE's costs of long-term debt and preferred equity would also be adjusted to reflect the then current embedded costs and projected interest rates effective January 1, 2022. Upon triggering the mechanism, SCE was required to file an advice letter by October 15, 2021 to implement the adjustments. However, in August 2021, SCE filed an application with the CPUC for authority to establish its authorized cost of capital for utility operations in 2022 and reset the related annual cost of capital mechanism. If the CPUC ultimately finds that the cost of capital mechanism adjustment should have been implemented effective January 1, 2022, SCE's CPUC-authorized ROE would be adjusted down for 2022 from 10.30% to 9.72%. SCE's costs of long-term debt and preferred equity would also be adjusted for 2022 to reflect the then current embedded costs and projected interest rates. SCE is required to file its regularly scheduled cost of capital application in April 2022 for rates effective in 2023. For further information see "Management Overview—2021 Cost of Capital Application." 

145

Table of Contents

CPUC rates decouple authorized revenue from the volume of electricity sales so that SCE receives revenue equal to amounts authorized. Differences between amounts collected and authorized levels are either collected from or refunded to customers, and, therefore, such differences do not impact operating revenue. Accordingly, SCE is neither benefited nor burdened by the volumetric related to retail electricity sales.
Cost-recovery balancing accounts (also referred to as cost-recovery mechanisms) are used to track and recover SCE's decoupled costs of fuel and purchased power, as well as certain operation and maintenance expenses, including energy efficiency and demand-side management program costs. SCE earns no return on these activities and although differences between forecasted and actual costs do not impact earnings, such differences do impact cash flows and can change rapidly. SCE has other capital-related balancing accounts on which it earns a return, such as the pole loading balancing account. SCE also uses balancing accounts for cost recovery of authorized wildfire insurance expenses and up to 115% of authorized vegetation management expenses. Under the 2021 GRC final decision SCE can seek recovery of wildfire insurance expenses above authorized levels and vegetation management expenses above 115% of authorized levels through reasonableness review applications.
SCE also uses a balancing account to track the difference between actual WCCP costs and amounts authorized. If spending is less than authorized, SCE will refund those amounts to customers. If spending exceeds authorized, SCE will recover spending up to 110% of the authorized amount from customers. SCE can submit subsequent reasonableness review applications for any spending in excess of 110% of authorized amounts. 
SCE's cost-recovery mechanism for its fuel and purchased power-related costs is facilitated in three main balancing accounts, the ERRA, the PABA, and the NSGBA. For all three accounts, SCE sets rates based on an annual forecast of the costs that it expects to incur during the subsequent year. In addition, the CPUC has established a "trigger" mechanism for the ERRA and the PABA. The trigger mechanism requires SCE to request an expeditious rate change if the sum of the ERRA balance and the bundled service customers' pro-rata share of the PABA balance exceeds 4% of SCE's prior year generation rate revenue and SCE does not expect the aggregate overcollection or undercollection to fall below 5% of SCE's prior year generation rate revenue within 120 days. For 2022, SCE estimates the 4% and 5% trigger amounts to be approximately $200 million and $250 million, respectively.

For 2021, the 4% and 5% trigger amounts were approximately $205 million and $256 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2021, the ERRA was undercollected by approximately $348 million due to higher gas and power prices which resulted in SCE exceeding its ERRA trigger and SCE filing an application to advise the CPUC that SCE's undercollections had exceeded the trigger amount. In January 2022, the CPUC approved SCE's request to include the rate increase with the scheduled rate change in March 2022 referenced below. As of December 31, 2021, the ERRA was undercollected by approximately $760 million, the PABA was overcollected by approximately $220 million, and the NSGBA was undercollected by approximately $73 million. In January 2022, the CPUC approved SCE incorporating these year-end balances into customer rates in March 2022. 
The majority of fuel and purchased power procurement-related costs eligible for recovery through cost-recovery rates are pre-approved by the CPUC through specific decisions and a procurement plan with predefined standards that establish the eligibility for cost-recovery. If such costs are subsequently found to be non-compliant with this procurement plan, then this could negatively impact SCE's earnings and cash flows. In addition, the CPUC retrospectively reviews outages associated with utility-owned generation and SCE's power procurement contract administration activities through the annual ERRA review proceeding. A CPUC finding that SCE was unreasonable or imprudent with respect to its utility-owned generation outages and contract administration activities, could negatively impact SCE's earnings and cash flows. The ERRA review proceeding is also used as a venue to review costs in various memorandum and balancing accounts including the COVID-19 Pandemic Protection Memorandum Account and the Pole Loading and Deteriorated Pole Programs Balancing Account.

146

Table of Contents

FERC

Transmission capital and operating costs that are prudently incurred, including a return on its net investment in transmission assets (also referred to as "rate base"), are recovered through revenue authorized by the FERC. Since 2012, SCE has used a formula rate to determine SCE's FERC transmission revenue requirement, including its construction work in progress (CWIP) revenue requirement. Under operation of the formula rate, transmission revenue will be updated to actual cost of service annually. The transmission revenue requirement and rates are updated each December, to reflect a forecast of costs for the upcoming rate period, as well as a true up of the transmission revenue to actual costs incurred by SCE in the prior calendar year on its formula rate.
The FERC weighted average ROE is currently 10.3%. For further information on the FERC formula rates, related transmission revenue requirements and rate changes, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Regulatory Proceedings—2022 FERC Formula Rate Annual Update" in the MD&A.
Retail Rates Structure and Residential Rate Design
To develop retail rates, the authorized revenue requirements are allocated among all customer classes (residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural and street lighting) on a functional basis (i.e., generation, distribution, transmission, etc.). Specific rate components are designed to recover the authorized revenue allocated to each customer class. 

SCE has a two-tier residential rate structure with a separate High Usage Charge ("HUC") for customers consuming more than 400% of an established level of usage that is based on a portion of average usage. The first tier is priced at below-average cost and is intended to cover the customer's essential electricity needs. The second tier is priced at 25% more than the first tier, and the HUC rate is currently set at 25% more than the second tier. The CPUC has ordered a transition from tiered to time-of-use 
(“TOU”) rates for most residential customers unless they opt to stay on the tiered rate structure. Under a TOU rate structure, rates are based on the time of day and the season. TOU rates are typically lower early in the day, overnight, and on the weekends when energy resources are less in demand. SCE is in the middle of a multi-year transition of most customers to TOU rates and anticipates completing the transition in the second quarter of 2022. To recover a portion of the fixed costs of serving no- or low-usage residential customers, SCE assesses both fixed charges of less than $1 per month, and a minimum charge of $10 per month ($5 for low-income customers). For information on residential rates for customers with renewable generation systems, see "—Competition" below.

Purchased Power and Fuel Supply
SCE obtains the power, energy, and local grid support needed to serve its customers primarily from purchases from external parties. SCE estimates that approximately 14% of power delivered to SCE's customers in 2021 came from SCE's own generating facilities.
Natural Gas Supply
SCE requires natural gas to meet contractual obligations for power tolling agreements (power contracts in which SCE has agreed to provide or pay for the natural gas used to generate electricity) and to fuel its Mountainview and peaker plants, which are generation units that operate in response to wholesale market signals related to power prices and reliability needs. The physical natural gas purchased by SCE is sourced in competitive interstate markets at trading points on the SoCalGas local distribution company system and the El Paso pipeline. SoCalGas is the primary provider of intrastate pipeline transportation service to the gas-fueled generation stations that SCE controls. In 2015 – 2016, SoCalGas experienced a significant natural gas fuel leak at its Aliso Canyon underground gas storage facility. As a result, there continue to be limitations on the use and capability of the facility, and the current available inventory at the Aliso Canyon facility is limited to 60% of maximum capacity. To date, SCE has found that gas storage-use restrictions combined with SoCalGas pipeline maintenance constraints contributed to increased electricity costs for customers but 

147

Table of Contents

did not impact grid reliability. However, there is no certainty that these restrictions or pipeline constraints will not impact grid reliability in the future. Price increases faced by customers would not affect SCE's earnings because SCE expects recovery of these costs through the ERRA balancing account or other CPUC approved procurement plans. However, these higher prices may impact cash flow due to the timing of those recoveries. For more information on cost-recovery mechanisms, see "—Overview of Ratemaking Process" above. SCE is actively monitoring legislative and regulatory processes that are addressing pipeline and electric grid operations impacted by the Aliso Canyon leak, including an Order Instituting Investigation issued by the CPUC in February 2017 to consider the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating the use of the Aliso Canyon facility. SCE has also made additional procurement efforts to alleviate the impact of the partial closure of Aliso Canyon, including accelerating existing contracts for new capacity, procuring energy storage from third-parties, contracting for design, build, and transfer of utility-owned storage, procuring additional demand response, contracting for firm gas transportation capacity and procuring additional energy efficiency.
CAISO Wholesale Energy Market
The CAISO operates a wholesale energy market primarily in California through which competing electricity generators offer their electricity output to market participants, including electricity retailers. The CAISO schedules power in hourly increments with hourly prices through a day-ahead market in California and schedules power in fifteen-minute and five-minute increments with fifteen-minute and five-minute prices through two real-time markets that cover California and portions of six neighboring states through the Energy Imbalance Market. Both markets optimize energy procurement, ancillary service procurement, unit commitment and congestion management. SCE participates in the day-ahead and real-time markets for the sale of its own generation and generation under contract purchases for its load requirements. 
The CPUC's Resource Adequacy program imposes resource adequacy requirements on load-serving entities like SCE that are designed to provide sufficient resources to the CAISO to ensure the safe and reliable operation of the grid in real time. The CPUC has adopted a central procurement structure in SCE's distribution service area for local resource adequacy that transfers the responsibility for procuring local resource adequacy from other local load-serving entities to SCE, as a central procurement entity ("CPE") for its distribution service area, starting with the 2023 resource adequacy compliance year. Under this structure, while SCE will procure local resource adequacy to meet the local resource adequacy requirement for its distribution service area, other load-serving entities can also procure their own local resources. Load-serving entities that procure their own local resources can: (i) sell the capacity to SCE, (ii) utilize the resources, or (iii) voluntarily show the resources to meet their own needs, thereby reducing the amount of local resource adequacy the CPE will need to procure and reducing the total CPE procurement costs shared by all load-serving entities in that distribution service area. The CPUC's Resource Adequacy proceeding is also considering broad structural reforms to the Resource Adequacy framework with a proposed decision expected in summer 2022. 
Following state-wide rotating outages in August 2020 that impacted a significant number of SCE's customers, the CPUC opened an emergency reliability rulemaking proceeding to take action towards ensuring reliable electric service in the event that an extreme heat event occurs in the summers of 2021 or 2022. In March 2021 the CPUC issued a decision in that proceeding directing the investor-owned utilities to take specific actions to enhance reliability for the summers 2021 and 2022, including continuing their procurement efforts and endeavoring to meet and incremental procurements targets to achieve an effective 17.5% to 19% planning reserve margin in the summers of 2021 and 2022. In June 2021, the CPUC issued a decision requiring at least an aggregate of 11,500 MW of additional net qualifying capacity to be procured collectively by all of the load-serving entities subject to CAISO. The aggregate additional capacity is required by 2026, with 2,000 MW required by 2023, an additional 6,000 MW required by 2024, an additional 1,500 MW required by 2025, and an additional 2,000 MW required by 2026. SCE's allocation of the requirements is 705 MW by 2023, 2,114 MW by 2024, 530 MW by 2025 and 707 MW by 2026, for a total of 4,056 MW. SCE continues to actively pursue and execute various actions to implement these decisions.

148

Table of Contents

In July 2021, California's Governor issued an Emergency Proclamation related to accelerating construction of new resources ahead of possible summer 2022 shortfalls. Subsequently, the CPUC opened a Phase 2 of its emergency reliability rulemaking proceeding to ensure there is adequate supply and demand management to achieve electrical system reliability in 2022 and 2023. In October 2021, SCE contracted for the construction of utility owned storage at three sites in SCE's service territory with an aggregate capacity of 537.5 MW and an anticipated in-service date in the summer of 2022. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources—SCE—Capital Investment Plan" in the MD&A. In December 2021, the CPUC issued a final decision in Phase 2 of its emergency reliability rulemaking proceeding adopting several supply- and demand-side measures to help provide contingency resources with the goal of ensuring that there is adequate electric power in the event of an extreme weather event in the summers of 2022 or 2023, including directing the investor-owned utilities to continue their procurement efforts and endeavor to achieve an effective 20 to 22.5% planning reserve margin for the summers of 2022 and 2023.

Competition
SCE faces retail competition in the sale of electricity to the extent that federal and California laws permit other sources to provide electricity and related services to retail customers within SCE's service area. While retail competition impacts customer rates it does not impact SCE's earnings activities because the volume of electricity sales are decoupled from authorized revenue. The increased retail competition is from governmental entities formed by cities, counties, and certain other public agencies to generate and/or purchase electricity for their local residents and businesses, known as CCAs. While California law provides only limited opportunities for customers in SCE's service area to choose to purchase power directly from an Electric Service Provider, a limited, phased-in expansion of customer choice ("Direct Access") for nonresidential customers was authorized beginning in 2009, and an additional limited expansion of Direct Access was authorized in 2018. When a customer who had previously taken bundled service from SCE converts to taking retail electricity service from an Electric Service Provider or a CCA, SCE remains that customer's transmission and distribution provider. Other forms of departing load include customer generation, and load that departs SCE service entirely to take electricity service from a publicly owned utility or a tribal utility.

California law requires bundled service customers remain financially indifferent to departing load customers and to the mass return of departing load customers in the event of an Electric Service Provider or CCA's failure or other service termination. In its PCIA rulemaking, the CPUC issued a series of decisions to (1) revise the PCIA methodology to effectively address the cost shifts to bundled service customers; (2) implement a process that allows Direct Access customers and CCAs on behalf of their retail customers to negotiate with SCE to pre-pay their full PCIA obligation; and (3) implement a voluntary allocation and market offer process for RPS resources, whereby Electric Service Providers and CCAs may purchase an allocation of their customers' load share of the PCIA-eligible RPS resources or otherwise try to sell the allocation, in an effort to optimize the PCIA-eligible portfolio of resources on account of departing load.
In February 2018, the CPUC issued a resolution to address cost shifting to bundled service customers associated with utilities' short-term resource adequacy purchases for CCAs in their launch or expansion year. The Resolution requires new and expanding CCAs to submit implementation plans by January 1 in order to serve customers in the following year and also requires new and expanding CCAs to participate in the CPUC's year-ahead resource adequacy program prior to beginning service. In May 2018, the CPUC issued a final decision to adopt a financial security requirement for CCAs, which is intended to cover the re-entry fees imposed on CCA customers for incremental procurement and administrative costs if they are involuntarily returned en masse to the utility's procurement service. In October 2020, the CPUC authorized SCE and other investor-owned utilities to implement this decision in its tariffs.

Investor-owned utilities serve as the default providers of last resort in their respective service areas and can be significantly impacted by the Electric Service Providers or CCAs failing or otherwise exiting the market. In March 2021, 

149

Table of Contents

the CPUC initiated a rulemaking to examine the risks of catastrophic failures by Electric Service Providers or CCAs on investor-owned utilities and the need for any changes in the regulatory framework to increase consumer protections and financial security requirements, among other measures.
As of year-end 2021, SCE had eleven CCAs serving customers in its service territory that represented approximately 25% of SCE's total service load. While one CCA filed for bankruptcy and exited, two new CCAs implemented and two CCA expanded in SCE's service territory in 2021. SCE expects one CCA to exit the market and four new or expanded CCAs have been approved by the CPUC to serve customers in SCE's service territory in 2022. Based on recent load statistics, SCE anticipates that Direct Access and CCA load will be approximately 40% of its total service load by the end of 2022. 
Customer-owned power generation and storage alternatives, such as roof-top solar facilities and battery systems, are increasingly used by SCE's customers as a result of technological developments, federal and state subsidies, and declining costs of such alternatives. Beginning in 2020, and subject to certain exceptions, all newly built homes in California are required to have solar installations.
California legislation passed in 1995 encouraged private residential and commercial investment in renewable energy resources by requiring SCE and other investor-owned utilities to offer a NEM billing option to customers who install eligible power generation systems to supply all or part of their energy needs. NEM customers are interconnected to SCE's grid and credited for the net difference between the electricity SCE supplied to them through the grid and the electricity the customer exported to SCE over a 12-month period. SCE is required to credit the NEM customer for most of the power they sell back to SCE at the retail rate. Through the credit they receive, NEM customers effectively avoid paying certain grid-related costs. NEM customers are also exempted from some non-bypassable, standby and departing load charges and interconnection fees. Electric Service Providers and CCAs are not required by law to offer NEM rates.
In January 2016, the CPUC issued a decision that instructed the CPUC to develop new standard rates for customers with renewable generation systems. The changes that the CPUC decision made to the existing NEM tariff did not significantly impact the NEM subsidy. Specifically, the decision required customers that take service on SCE's NEM tariff after June 2017 to continue to be compensated at the retail rate, minus certain non-bypassable charges. NEM customers also continued to be exempted from standby and departing load charges but were required to pay a $75 interconnection fee and to select a time-of-use retail rate.
The effect of these types of competition on SCE generally is to reduce the amount of electricity purchased from SCE by retail customers. Customers who use alternative electricity sources typically continue to utilize and pay for SCE's transmission and distribution services, however, current NEM customers utilize, but do not pay the full cost for, those services. While changes in volume or rates generally do not impact SCE's earnings activities, decreased retail electricity sales by SCE has the effect of increasing utility rates because the costs of the distribution grid are not currently borne by all customers that benefit from its use. See "Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Southern California Edison Company—Competitive and Market Risks." 
In August 2020, the CPUC initiated a rulemaking to develop a successor to the NEM tariffs. On December 13, 2021, the CPUC issued a proposed decision that, if adopted, would significantly reduce the current NEM subsidy by decoupling export compensation from the retail rate and assessing a grid participation charge to address the costs participating customers avoid by reducing the electricity they purchase from SCE. Intervenors have opposed the proposed decision, and SCE expects the CPUC to issue its final decision in 2022. 
In the area of transmission infrastructure, SCE has experienced increased competition from independent transmission providers under the FERC's transmission planning requirements rules, effective in 2011, that removed the incumbent 

150

Table of Contents

public utility transmission owners' federally-based right of first refusal to construct certain new transmission facilities and mandated regional and interregional transmission planning. Regional entities, such as independent system operators, have processes for regional and interregional transmission planning and the competitive solicitation and selection of developers (including incumbent utilities) to build and own certain types of new transmission projects. The CAISO has held competitive solicitations pursuant to these rules and independent service providers were selected.