Recent
economic trends could continue to adversely affect our financial
performance.

The
global economic recession and declines in consumption in the Company’s end
markets have adversely affected sales of both commercial and consumer products
and profitability for such products.  Further, the global financial
markets have been experiencing extreme disruption in recent
months.  Slower sales of consumer digital products due to the
deteriorating economic environment could lead to reduced sales and earnings
while increasing inventory.  Economic conditions could also accelerate
the continuing decline in demand for traditional products, which could also
place pressure on Kodak’s results of operations and liquidity.  The
recent tightening of credit in the global financial markets could adversely
affect the ability of our commercial customers to obtain financing for
significant equipment purchases, which could result in a decrease in, or
cancellation of, orders for our products and services.  In addition,
accounts receivable and past due accounts could increase due to a decline in our
customers’ ability to pay as a result of the recent economic
downturn.  In response to these circumstances, the Company may have to
take other actions to conserve or generate cash, which may impact our ability to
return cash to shareholders.

Our
future pension and other postretirement plan costs and required level of
contributions could be unfavorably impacted by changes in actuarial assumptions
and future market performance of plan assets which could adversely affect our
financial position, results of operations, and cash flow.

We have
significant defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit
obligations.  The funded status of the Company’s U.S. and non-U.S.
defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans, and the
related cost reflected in our financial statements, are affected by various
factors that are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, particularly in
the current economic environment.  Key assumptions used to value these
benefit obligations, funded status and expense recognition include the discount
rate for future payment obligations, the long-term expected rate of return on
plan assets, salary growth, healthcare cost trend rate, and other economic and
demographic factors.  Significant differences in actual experience or
significant changes in future assumptions could lead to a potential future need
to contribute cash or assets to our plans in excess of currently estimated
contributions and benefit payments and could have an adverse effect on the
Company's consolidated results of operations,  financial
position or liquidity.

If
we are unsuccessful with the strategic investment decisions we have made, our
financial performance could be adversely affected.

The
Company has selected certain of its businesses as “core investments” because of
their large, sustainable growth potential.  Introduction of successful
innovative products and the achievement of scale in those businesses are
necessary for the Company to achieve its future financial success.  In
addition, the Company has identified certain of its businesses that require
business model transformations to improve margins or maximize
cash.  Such business model changes could include repositioning through
strategic partnerships.  If the Company is unsuccessful in growing the
core investment businesses as planned or in executing the transformations that
are necessary in certain of its businesses, the Company’s financial performance
could be adversely affected.

If
we fail to comply with the financial covenants contained in our Secured Credit
Agreement, our ability to meet our financial obligations or access external
financing could be impaired under certain circumstances.

There are
affirmative, negative and financial covenants contained in the Company’s Secured
Credit Agreement.  These covenants are typical for a secured credit
agreement of this nature.  The Company’s failure to comply with the
financial covenants would result in a default under the Secured Credit
Agreement.  If an event of default were to occur and not be waived by
the lenders, then all outstanding debt, interest and other payments under the
Secured Credit Agreement could become immediately due and payable, any unused
borrowing availability under the revolving credit facility of the Secured Credit
Agreement could be terminated by the lenders, and cash collateralization or a
similar remedy could be required for all letters of credit.  The
failure of the Company to repay any accelerated debt for borrowed money under
the Secured Credit Agreement could result in acceleration of the majority of the
Company’s unsecured outstanding debt obligations under certain
circumstances.  The Company was in full compliance with the financial
covenants as of December 31, 2008.  Based on the Company’s current
financial forecast, it is reasonably likely that the Company could breach its
financial

 11

covenants
in the first quarter of 2009 unless an appropriate amendment or waiver is
obtained.  The Company is currently negotiating with its lenders to
ensure continued access to a Secured Credit Agreement, with the goal to have an
amended credit facility in place by the end of the first quarter.  At
December 31, 2008, there was no debt outstanding and there were $131 million of
letters of credit issued, which are not considered debt for borrowed money under
the agreement, but do reduce the Company’s borrowing capacity under the Secured
Credit Agreement.  Notwithstanding the Company’s view that it can
operate for the foreseeable future without additional external financing, the
Company’s liquidity could be impaired if it is not able to access a credit
facility.

If
we cannot effectively anticipate technology trends and develop new products to
respond to changing customer preferences, this could adversely affect our
revenues.

Due to
changes in technology and customer preferences, the market for traditional
photography products and services is in decline.  In its Film,
Photofinishing and Entertainment Group, the Company continues to experience
declines in customer demand for film products, consistent with industry
trends.  Management has developed initiatives to address the
anticipated impact of these trends on the Company’s performance.  In
addition, the Company’s product development efforts are focused on digital
capture devices (digital cameras and scanners) designed to improve the image
acquisition or digitalization process, software products designed to enhance and
simplify the digital workflow, output devices (thermal and inkjet printers and
commercial printing systems and solutions) and consumables designed to produce
high quality documents and images, and media (thermal and silver halide)
optimized for digital workflows.  Kodak’s success depends in part on
its ability to develop and introduce new products and services in a timely
manner that keep pace with technological developments and that are accepted in
the market.  The Company continues to introduce new consumer and
commercial digital product offerings.  However, there can be no
assurance that the Company will be successful in anticipating and developing new
products, product enhancements or new solutions and services to adequately
address changing technologies and customer requirements.  In addition,
if the Company is unable to anticipate and develop improvements to its current
technology, to adapt its products to changing customer preferences or
requirements or to continue to produce high quality products in a timely and
cost-effective manner in order to compete with products offered by its
competitors, this could adversely affect the revenues of the
Company.

If
we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on
which our business depends or if third parties assert that we violate their
intellectual property rights our revenue, earnings and expenses may be adversely
impacted.

Kodak
relies upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United
States and similar laws in other countries, and agreements with its employees,
customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish, maintain and enforce its
intellectual property rights.  Any of the Company’s direct or indirect
intellectual property rights could, however, be challenged, invalidated or
circumvented, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to
permit the Company to take advantage of current market trends or otherwise to
provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly product redesign
efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings or other competitive
harm.  Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect
proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United
States.  Therefore, in certain jurisdictions, Kodak may be unable to
protect its proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third party
copying or use, which could adversely affect its competitive
position.  Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change in
the information technology industry, much of our business and many of our
products rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we
may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from
these third parties at all or on reasonable terms.

Kodak has
made substantial investments in new, proprietary technologies and has filed
patent applications and obtained patents to protect its intellectual property
rights in these technologies as well as the interests of the Company’s
licensees.  The execution and enforcement of licensing agreements
protects the Company's intellectual property rights and provides a revenue
stream in the form of royalties that enables Kodak to further innovate and
provide the marketplace with new products and services.  There is no
assurance that such measures alone will be adequate to protect the Company's
intellectual property.  The Company’s ability to execute its
intellectual property licensing strategies could also affect the Company’s
revenue and earnings.  Kodak’s failure to develop and properly manage
new intellectual property could adversely affect the Company’s market positions
and business opportunities.  Furthermore, the Company’s failure to
identify and implement licensing programs, including identifying appropriate
licensees, could adversely affect the profitability of Kodak's operations.

 12

Finally,
third parties may claim that the Company or customers indemnified by Kodak are
infringing upon their intellectual property rights.  Such claims may
be made by competitors seeking to block or limit Kodak’s access to digital
markets.  Additionally, in recent years, individuals and groups have
begun purchasing intellectual property assets for the sole purpose of making
claims of infringement and attempting to extract settlements from large
companies like Kodak.  Even if Kodak believes that the claims are
without merit, the claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and
distract management’s attention and resources.  Claims of intellectual
property infringement also might require the Company to redesign affected
products, enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly
damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting Kodak
from marketing or selling certain of its products.  Even if the
Company has an agreement to indemnify it against such costs, the indemnifying
party may be unable to uphold its contractual agreement to Kodak.  If
we cannot or do not license the infringed technology at all, license the
technology on reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another
source, our revenue and earnings could be adversely impacted.

If
we cannot attract, retain and motivate key employees, our business could be
harmed.

In order
for the Company to be successful, we must continue to attract, retain and
motivate executives and other key employees, including technical, managerial,
marketing, sales, research and support positions.  Hiring and
retaining qualified executives, research professionals, and qualified sales
representatives are critical to the Company’s
future.   Competition for experienced employees in the industries
in which we compete can be intense.  The market for employees with
digital skills is highly competitive and, therefore, the Company’s ability to
attract such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation
and benefits, work location and persuading potential employees that the Company
is well-positioned for success in the digital markets Kodak is
entering.  Given the Company’s compensation plans are highly
performance-based and given the impact of the global economy on the Company’s
performance, it may become more challenging to retain key
employees.  The risk may be mitigated by the fact that many companies
recently are taking actions to limit or reduce compensation and benefits in
light of the difficult economy.  The Company also must keep employees
focused on the strategic initiatives and goals in order to be
successful.  If we cannot attract properly qualified individuals,
retain key executives and employees or motivate our employees, our business
could be harmed.

System
integration issues could adversely affect our revenue and earnings.

Portions
of our IT infrastructure may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of
service in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes
place from time to time; in particular, installation of SAP within our Graphic
Communications Group.  We may not be successful in implementing new
systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be
more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and
resource-intensive.  Such disruption could adversely affect our
ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes.  Delayed
sales, higher costs or lost customers resulting from these disruptions could
adversely affect our financial results and reputation.

Our
inability to effectively complete, integrate and manage acquisitions,
divestitures and other significant transactions could adversely impact our
business performance including our financial results.

As part
of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties
regarding possible investments, acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint
ventures, divestitures and outsourcing transactions ("transactions") and enter
into agreements relating to such transactions in order to further our business
objectives.  In order to pursue this strategy successfully, we must
identify suitable candidates for and successfully complete transactions, some of
which may be large and complex, and manage post-closing issues such as the
integration of acquired companies or employees.  Integration and other
risks of transactions can be more pronounced for larger and more complicated
transactions, or if multiple transactions are pursued
simultaneously.  If we fail to identify and complete successfully
transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend
resources to develop products and technology internally, we may be at a
competitive disadvantage or we may be adversely affected by negative market
perceptions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our revenue,
gross margin and profitability.

 13

Delays
in our plans to reduce the cost structure of the Company through execution of
restructuring and other actions could affect the consolidated results of
operations, financial position and liquidity.

If the
Company were to fail to successfully execute the plans within or the timing of
its current restructuring program to align the cost structure to the current
economic realities, the Company’s financial performance could be adversely
affected.

We
have outsourced a significant portion of our overall worldwide manufacturing and
back-office operations and face the risks associated with relying on third party
manufacturers and external suppliers.

We have
outsourced a significant portion of our overall worldwide manufacturing,
customer support and administrative operations (such as credit and collections,
and general ledger accounting functions) to third parties and various service
providers.  To the extent that we rely on third party manufacturing
relationships, we face the risk that those manufacturers may not be able to (1)
develop manufacturing methods appropriate for our products, (2) maintain an
adequate control environment, (3) quickly respond to changes in customer demand
for our products, (4) obtain supplies and materials necessary for the
manufacturing process, or (5) mitigate the impact of labor shortages and/or
disruptions.  As a result of such risks, Kodak’s manufacturing costs
could be higher than planned and the reliability of our products could
decline.  Other supplier problems that Kodak could face include
component shortages, excess supply, risks related to terms of its contracts with
suppliers and risks related to dependency on single source
suppliers.  If any of these risks were to be realized, and assuming
alternative third-party manufacturing relationships could not be established, we
could experience interruptions in supply or increases in costs that might result
in our being unable to meet customer demand for our products, damage to our
relationships with our customers, and reduced market share, all of which could
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

The
competitive pressures we face could harm our revenue, gross margins and market
share.

The
markets in which we do business are highly competitive, and we encounter
aggressive price competition for all our products and services from numerous
companies globally.  Over the past several years, price competition in
the market for digital products, film and services has been particularly intense
as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered their profit margins for
these products.  In the Graphic Communications Group segment,
aggressive pricing tactics by our competitors have intensified the contract
negotiation process.  Our results of operations and financial
condition may be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide pricing
pressures.  If the Company is unable to obtain pricing or programs
sufficiently competitive with current and future competitors, Kodak could also
lose market share, adversely affecting its revenue and gross
margins.

If
we fail to manage distribution of our products and services properly, our
revenue, gross margins and earnings could be adversely impacted.

The
Company uses a variety of different distribution methods to sell our products
and services, including third-party resellers and distributors and both direct
and indirect sales to both enterprise accounts and
customers.  Successfully managing the interaction of direct and
indirect channels to various potential customer segments for our products and
services is a complex process.  Moreover, since each distribution
method has distinct risks and costs, our failure to implement the most
advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services could
adversely affect our revenue, gross margins and earnings.  Due to
changes in the Company’s go-to-market models, the Company is more reliant on
fewer distributors.  This has concentrated the Company’s credit risk,
which, if not appropriately managed, could result in an adverse impact on the
Company’s financial performance.

We
may provide financing and financial guarantees to our customers, some of which
may be for significant amounts.

The
competitive environment in which we operate may require us to provide financing
to our customers in order to win a contract.  Customer financing
arrangements may include all or a portion of the purchase price for our products
and services.  We may also assist customers in obtaining financing
from banks and other sources and may provide financial guarantees on behalf of
our customers.  Our success may be dependent, in part, upon our
ability to provide customer financing on competitive terms and on our customers’
creditworthiness.  As noted previously, the recent tightening of
credit in the global financial markets could adversely affect

 14

the
ability of our customers to obtain financing for significant purchases, which
could result in a decrease in, or cancellation of, orders for our products and
services.  If we are unable to provide competitive financing
arrangements to our customers or if we extend credit to customers whose
creditworthiness deteriorates, this could adversely impact our revenues,
profitability and financial position.

Due
to the nature of the products we sell and our worldwide distribution, we are
subject to changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodities
costs that may adversely impact our results of operations and financial
position.

Kodak, as
a result of its global operating and financing activities, is exposed to changes
in currency exchange rates and interest rates, which may adversely affect its
results of operations and financial position.  Exchange rates and
interest rates in certain markets in which the Company does business tend to be
volatile.  In addition, Kodak’s products contain silver, aluminum,
petroleum-based or other commodity-based raw materials, the costs of which can
be volatile.  There can be no guarantees that the global economic
situation will not worsen creating further volatility in currency exchange
rates, interest rates and commodity prices, which could have future negative
effects on revenue and earnings.

If
we cannot protect our reputation due to product quality and liability issues,
our business could be harmed.

Kodak
products are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complicated to design and
build as rapid advancements in technologies occur.  Although Kodak has
established internal procedures to minimize risks that may arise from product
quality and liability issues, there can be no assurance that Kodak will be able
to eliminate or mitigate occurrences of these issues and associated
damages.  Kodak may incur expenses in connection with, for example,
product recalls, service and lawsuits, and Kodak’s brand image and reputation as
a producer of high-quality products could suffer.

Business
disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and
increase our costs and expenses.

Our
worldwide operations could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages,
telecommunications failures, water shortages, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes,
typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural
or manmade disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly
self-insured.  The occurrence of any of these business disruptions
could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs
and expenses.  In addition, some areas, including parts of the east
and west coasts of the United States, have previously experienced, and may
experience in the future, major power shortages and blackouts.  These
blackouts could cause disruptions to our operations or the operations of our
suppliers, distributors and resellers, or customers.  These events
could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition, and increase our costs
and expenses.

The
implementation of new legislation or regulations or changes in existing laws or
regulations could increase the Company’s cost to comply and consequently reduce
our profitability.

New
business legislation or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulation,
including interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulators, could
adversely affect Kodak’s results of operations by increasing the Company’s cost
to comply.  For example, tax, labor, environmental and securities laws
and regulations may be enacted in the future that require the Company to adopt
new policies, internal controls and other compliance practices or modify
existing production facilities and operations.  Each of these
compliance initiatives could lead to internal and external cost
increases.

The
Company may be required to recognize additional impairments in the value of its
goodwill, which would increase expenses and reduce profitability.

Goodwill
represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire businesses over the fair
value of their net assets at the date of the acquisition.  The Company
tests goodwill for impairment annually or whenever events occur or circumstances
change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit
below its carrying amount.  This may occur for various reasons
including changes in actual or expected income or cash flows of a reporting
unit.  In the fourth quarter 2008, we recorded a pre-tax non-cash
charge of $785 million to write-off 

 15

a
significant portion of the goodwill balance within the GCG
segment.  We will continue to evaluate current market conditions that
may affect the fair value of our reporting units to assess whether any further
goodwill impairment exists in the future.  Continued adverse or
worsening market conditions for certain businesses may have a significant impact
on the fair value of the reporting units and could result in additional future 
impairments of
goodwill.