Continued
weakness or worsening of economic conditions could continue to adversely affect
our financial performance and our liquidity.

The
global economic recession and declines in consumption in our end markets have
adversely affected sales of both commercial and consumer products and
profitability for such products.  Further, the global financial
markets have been experiencing volatility.  Slower sales of consumer
digital products due to the uncertain economic environment could lead to reduced
sales and earnings while inventory increases.  Economic conditions
could also accelerate the continuing decline in demand for traditional products,
which could also place pressure on our results of operations and
liquidity.  As a result of the tightening of credit in the global
financial markets, our commercial customers have experienced difficulty in
obtaining financing for significant equipment purchases, resulting in a decrease
in, or cancellation of, orders for our products and services and we can provide
no assurance that this trend will not continue.  In addition, accounts
receivable and past due accounts could increase due to a decline in our
customers’ ability to pay as a result of the economic downturn and our treasury
operations could be negatively impacted by failures of financial instrument
counterparties, including banks and other financial institutions.  If
the global economic weakness and tightness in the credit markets continue for a
greater period of time than anticipated or worsen, our profitability and related
cash generation capability could be adversely affected and, therefore, affect
our ability to meet our anticipated cash needs, impair our liquidity or increase
our costs of borrowing.

If
we are unsuccessful with the strategic investment decisions we have made, our
financial performance could be adversely affected.

We have
made a decision to focus our investments on businesses in large growth markets
that are positioned for technology and business model transformation, which are
consumer inkjet, commercial inkjet (including our Prosper line of products based
upon the Company’s Stream technology), enterprise workflow, and digital
packaging printing solutions, all of which we believe have significant growth
potential.  Introduction of successful innovative products and the
achievement of scale are necessary for us to grow these businesses, improve
margins and achieve our future financial success.  We are also
continuing to build upon our leading positions in businesses that participate in
large stable markets.  Our current strategic plans require significant
attention from our management team and if events occur that distract
management’s attention and resources, our business could be
harmed.  Further, if we are unsuccessful in growing our investment
businesses as planned and maintaining and building upon our leading market
positions, our financial performance could be adversely
affected.

 10

If
we cannot effectively anticipate technology trends and develop and market new
products to respond to changing customer preferences, this could adversely
affect our revenues.

Due to
changes in technology and customer preferences, the market for traditional film
and paper products and services is in decline.  Our success depends in part
on our ability to manage the decline of the market for these traditional
products by continuing to reduce our cost structure to maintain
profitability.  In addition, we must develop and introduce new
products and services in a timely manner that keep pace with technological
developments and that are accepted in the market.  Further, we may
expend significant resources to develop and introduce new products that are not
commercially accepted for any number of reasons, including, but not limited to,
failure to successfully market our products, competition from existing and new
competitors or product quality concerns.  In addition, if we are
unable to anticipate and develop improvements to our current technology, to
adapt our products to changing customer preferences or requirements or to
continue to produce high quality products in a timely and cost effective manner
in order to compete with products offered by our competitors, this could
adversely affect our revenues.

The
competitive pressures we face could harm our revenue, gross margins and market
share.

The
markets in which we do business are highly competitive, and we encounter
aggressive price competition for all our products and services from numerous
companies globally.  Over the past several years, price competition in
the market for digital products, film products and services has been
particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered
their profit margins for these products.  Our results of operations
and financial condition may be adversely affected by these and other industry
wide pricing pressures.  If our products and services and pricing are
not sufficiently competitive with current and future competitors, we could also
lose market share, adversely affecting our revenue and gross
margins.

If
we have product quality issues, our expenses may increase, our liquidity may
decrease, or our reputation may be harmed, any of which could have an adverse
effect on our business.

In the
course of conducting our business, we must adequately address quality issues
associated with our products and services, including defects in our engineering,
design and manufacturing processes, as well as defects in third-party components
included in our products.  Because our products are becoming
increasingly sophisticated and complicated to design and build as rapid advances
in technologies occur, the occurrence of defects may increase, particularly with
the introduction of new product lines.  Although we have established
internal procedures to minimize risks that may arise from product quality
issues, there can be no assurance that we will be able to eliminate or mitigate
occurrences of these issues and associated liabilities.  Finding
solutions to quality issues can be expensive and we may also incur expenses in
connection with, for example, product recalls and warranty or other service
obligations.  We may also face lawsuits if our products do not meet
customer expectations.  In addition, quality issues can impair our
relationships with new or existing customers and adversely affect our brand
image, and our reputation as a producer of high quality products could suffer,
which could adversely affect our business as well as our financial
results.

If
we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on
which our business depends, or if third parties assert that we violate their
intellectual property rights, our revenue, earnings, expenses and liquidity may
be adversely impacted.

We rely
upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and
similar laws in other countries, and non-disclosure, confidentiality and other
types of agreements with our employees, customers, suppliers and other parties,
to establish, maintain and enforce our intellectual property
rights.  Despite these measures, any of our direct or indirect
intellectual property rights could, however, be challenged, invalidated,
circumvented, infringed or misappropriated, or such intellectual property rights
may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or
otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly
product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings or other
competitive harm.  Further, the laws of certain countries do not
protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United
States.  Therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to
protect our proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third party
copying, infringement or use, which could adversely affect our competitive
position.  Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change in
the information technology industry, much of our business and many of our
products rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we
may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from
these third parties at all or on reasonable terms.

 11

We have
made substantial investments in new, proprietary technologies and have filed
patent applications and obtained patents to protect our intellectual property
rights in these technologies as well as the interests of our
licensees.  There can be no assurance that our patent applications
will be approved, that any patents issued will adequately protect our
intellectual property or that such patents will not be challenged by third
parties.

The
execution and enforcement of licensing agreements protects our intellectual
property rights and provides a revenue stream in the form of up-front payments
and royalties that enables us to further innovate and provide the marketplace
with new products and services.  There can be no assurance that such
measures alone will be adequate to protect our intellectual
property.  Our ability to execute our intellectual property licensing
strategies, including litigation strategies, such as our recent legal actions
against Apple Inc. and Research in Motion Limited, could also affect our revenue
and earnings.  Additionally, the uncertainty around the timing and
magnitude of our intellectual property-related judgments and settlements could
have an adverse effect on our financial results and liquidity.  Our
failure to develop and properly manage new intellectual property could adversely
affect our market positions and business opportunities.  Furthermore,
our failure to identify and implement licensing programs, including identifying
appropriate licensees, could adversely affect the profitability of our
operations.

In
addition, third parties may claim that we, our customers, licensees or other
parties indemnified by us are infringing upon their intellectual property
rights.  Such claims may be made by competitors seeking to block or
limit our access to digital markets.  Additionally, in recent years,
individuals and groups have begun purchasing intellectual property assets for
the sole purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract
settlements from large companies like ours.  Even if we believe that
the claims are without merit, the claims can be time consuming and costly to
defend and distract management’s attention and resources.  Claims of
intellectual property infringement also might require us to redesign affected
products, enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly
damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from
marketing or selling certain of our products.  Even if we have an
agreement to indemnify us against such costs, the indemnifying party may be
unable to uphold its contractual obligations.  If we cannot or do not
license the infringed technology at all, license the technology on reasonable
terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our revenue and
earnings could be adversely impacted.  Finally, we use open source
software in connection with our products and services. Companies that
incorporate open source software into their products have, from time to time,
faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software and/or compliance
with open source license terms.  As a result, we could be subject to
suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source
software or noncompliance with open source licensing terms.  Some open
source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as
part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to
such software and/or make available any derivative works of the open source code
on unfavorable terms or at no cost.  We have a corporate open source
governance board to monitor the use of open source software in our products and
services and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us
to disclose the source code to the related product or service or that would
otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement.  Such use
could inadvertently occur and any requirement to disclose our source code or pay
damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business results of
operations and financial condition.

If
we are unable to provide competitive financing arrangements to our customers or
if we extend credit to 
customers
whose creditworthiness deteriorates, this could adversely impact our revenues,
profitability and 
financial
position.

The
competitive environment in which we operate may require us to provide financing
to our customers in order to win a contract.  Customer financing
arrangements may include all or a portion of the purchase price for our products
and services.  We may also assist customers in obtaining financing
from banks and other sources and may provide financial guarantees on behalf of
our customers.  Our success may be dependent, in part, upon our
ability to provide customer financing on competitive terms and on our customers’
creditworthiness.  The tightening of credit in the global financial
markets has adversely affected the ability of our customers to obtain financing
for significant purchases, which resulted in a decrease in, or cancellation of,
orders for our products and services, and we can provide no assurance that this
trend will not continue. If we are unable to provide competitive financing
arrangements to our customers or if we extend credit to customers whose
creditworthiness deteriorates, this could adversely impact our revenues,
profitability and financial position.

 12

Our
future pension and other postretirement plan costs and required level of
contributions could be unfavorably impacted by changes in actuarial assumptions,
future market performance of plan assets and obligations imposed by legislation
or pension authorities  which could adversely affect our financial
position, results of operations, and cash flow.

We have
significant defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit
obligations.  The funded status of our U.S. and non U.S. defined
benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans, and the related
cost reflected in our financial statements, are affected by various factors that
are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, particularly in the current
economic environment.  Key assumptions used to value these benefit
obligations, funded status and expense recognition include the discount rate for
future payment obligations, the long term expected rate of return on plan
assets, salary growth, healthcare cost trend rates, and other economic and
demographic factors.  Significant differences in actual experience, or
significant changes in future assumptions or obligations imposed by legislation
or pension authorities could lead to a potential future need to contribute cash
or assets to our plans in excess of currently estimated contributions and
benefit payments and could have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of
operations, financial position or liquidity.

If
we cannot attract, retain and motivate key employees, our business could be
harmed.

In order
for us to be successful, we must continue to attract, retain and motivate
executives and other key employees, including technical, managerial, marketing,
sales, research and support positions.  Hiring and retaining qualified
executives, research professionals, and qualified sales representatives is
critical to our future.  Competition for experienced employees in the
industries in which we compete is intense.  The market for employees
with digital skills is highly competitive and, therefore, our ability to attract
such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and
benefits, work location and persuading potential employees that we are well
positioned for success in the digital markets in which we are
operating.  Given that our compensation plans are highly performance
based and given the potential impact of the global economy on our current and
future performance, it may become more challenging to retain key
employees.  We also must keep employees focused on our strategic
initiatives and goals in order to be successful.  Our past
restructuring actions harm our efforts to attract and retain key
employees.  If we cannot attract properly qualified individuals,
retain key executives and employees or motivate our employees, our business
could be harmed.

Our
sales are typically concentrated in the last four months of the fiscal year,
therefore, lower than expected demand or increases in costs during that period
may have a pronounced negative effect on our results of operations.

The
demand for our consumer products is largely discretionary in nature, and sales
and earnings of our consumer businesses are linked to the timing of holidays,
vacations, and other leisure or gifting seasons.  Accordingly, we have
typically experienced greater net sales in the fourth fiscal quarter as compared
to the other three quarters.  Developments, such as
lower-than-anticipated demand for our products, an internal systems failure,
increases in materials costs, or failure of one of our key logistics, components
supply, or manufacturing partners, could have a material adverse impact on our
financial condition and operating results, particularly if such developments
occur late in the third quarter or during the fourth fiscal
quarter.  Further, with respect to the Graphic Communications Group
segment, equipment and consumable sales in the commercial marketplace peak in
the fourth quarter based on increased commercial print demand.  Tight
credit markets that limit capital investments or a weak economy that decreases
print demand could negatively impact equipment or consumable
sales.  In addition, our inability to achieve intellectual property
licensing revenues in the timeframe and amount we anticipate could adversely
affect our revenues, earnings and cash flow.  These external
developments are often unpredictable and may have an adverse impact on our
business and results of operations.

If
we fail to manage distribution of our products and services properly, our
revenue, gross margins and earnings could be adversely impacted.

We use a
variety of different distribution methods to sell and deliver our products and
services, including third party resellers and distributors and direct and
indirect sales to both enterprise accounts and
customers.  Successfully managing the interaction of direct and
indirect channels to various potential customer segments for our products and
services is a complex process.  Moreover, since each distribution
method has distinct risks and costs, our failure to implement the most
advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services could
adversely affect our
revenue, gross margins and earnings.  Due to changes in our go to
market models, we are more reliant on fewer distributors than in past periods.
This has concentrated our credit and operational risk and could result in an
adverse impact on our financial performance.

 13

Due
to the nature of the products we sell and our worldwide distribution, we are
subject to changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity
costs that may adversely impact our results of operations and financial
position.

As a
result of our global operating and financing activities, we are exposed to
changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, which may adversely
affect our results of operations and financial position.  Exchange
rates and interest rates in markets in which we do business tend to be volatile
and at times, our sales can be negatively impacted across all of our segments
depending upon the value of the U.S. dollar.  In addition, our
products contain silver, aluminum, petroleum based or other commodity-based raw
materials, the changes in the costs of which can be volatile.  If the
global economic situation remains uncertain or worsens, there could be further
volatility in changes in currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity
prices, which could have negative effects on our revenue and
earnings.

We
have outsourced a significant portion of our overall worldwide manufacturing,
logistics and back office operations and face the risks associated with relying
on third party suppliers.

We have
outsourced a significant portion of our overall worldwide manufacturing,
logistics, customer support and administrative operations (such as credit and
collections, and general ledger accounting functions) to third
parties.  To the extent that we rely on third party service providers,
we face the risk that those third parties may not be able to:

• develop
manufacturing methods appropriate for our products;

•
maintain an adequate control environment;

• quickly
respond to changes in customer demand for our products;

• obtain
supplies and materials necessary for the manufacturing process; or

•
mitigate the impact of labor shortages and/or disruptions.

As a
result of such risks, our costs could be higher than planned and the reliability
of our products could be negatively impacted.  Other supplier problems
that we could face include component shortages, excess supply, risks related to
duration of our contracts with suppliers for components and materials and risks
related to dependency on single source suppliers on favorable terms or at
all.  If any of these risks were to be realized, and assuming
alternative third party relationships could not be established, we could
experience interruptions in supply or increases in costs that might result in
our inability to meet customer demand for our products, damage to our
relationships with our customers, and reduced market share, all of which could
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our
inability to effectively complete, integrate and manage acquisitions,
divestitures and other significant transactions could adversely impact our
business performance including our financial results.

As part
of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties
regarding possible investments, acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint
ventures, divestitures and outsourcing transactions and enter into agreements
relating to such transactions in order to further our business
objectives.  In order to pursue this strategy successfully, we must
identify suitable candidates and successfully complete transactions, some of
which may be large and complex, and manage post closing issues such as the
integration of acquired companies or employees and the assessment of such
acquired companies’ internal controls. Integration and other risks of
transactions can be more pronounced for larger and more complicated
transactions, or if multiple transactions are pursued
simultaneously.  If we fail to identify and complete successfully
transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend
resources to develop products and technology internally, we may be at a
competitive disadvantage or we may be adversely affected by negative market
perceptions, any of which may have an adverse effect on our revenue, gross
margins and profitability.  In addition, unpredictability surrounding
the timing of such transactions could adversely affect our financial
results.

 14

System
integration issues could adversely affect our revenue and earnings.

Portions
of our information technology infrastructure may experience interruptions,
delays or cessations of service in connection with systems integration or
migration work that takes place from time to time.  In particular, we
are in the process of completing integration of certain of our regional
operations’ systems into our corporate SAP structure.  We may not be
successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause
business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and
resource intensive.  Such disruption could adversely affect our
ability to fulfill orders and could also interrupt other
processes.  Delayed sales, higher costs or lost customers resulting
from these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results and
reputation.

Business
disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and
increase our costs and expenses.

Our
worldwide operations could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages,
telecommunications failures, water shortages, tsunamis, floods, hurricanes,
typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, political or
economic instability, and other natural or manmade disasters or business
interruptions, for which we are predominantly self insured.  The
occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue
and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses.  In
addition, some areas, including parts of the east and west coasts of the United
States, have previously experienced, and may experience in the future, major
power shortages and blackouts.  These blackouts could cause
disruptions to our operations or the operations of our suppliers, distributors
and resellers, or customers.  These events could seriously harm our
revenue and financial condition, and increase our costs and
expenses.

We
may be required to recognize additional impairments in the value of our
goodwill, which would increase expenses and reduce profitability.

Goodwill
represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire businesses over the fair
value of their net assets at the date of the acquisition.  We test
goodwill for impairment annually or whenever events occur or circumstances
change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit
below its carrying amount.  This may occur for various reasons
including changes in actual or expected income or cash flows of a reporting
unit.  We continue to evaluate current conditions that may affect the
fair value of our reporting units to assess whether any goodwill impairment
exists.  Secular declines in the results of the Film, Photofinishing
and Entertainment Group segment are likely to lead to impairment of goodwill
related to that segment in the future.  In addition, impairments of
goodwill could occur in the future if market or interest rate environments
deteriorate, expected future cash flows of our reporting units decline, or if
reporting unit carrying values change materially compared with changes in
respective fair values.

The
private equity firm KKR may have interests that diverge from our interests and
the interests of our other security holders.

KKR
beneficially owns a significant equity position in the Company through its
warrant holdings and may have interests that diverge from our interests and the
interests of our security holders.  In addition, so long as KKR
maintains beneficial ownership of specified thresholds of our shares of common
stock, it will have the right to nominate up to two members of our board of
directors and will be entitled to certain information rights and a right to
participate in future offerings of our equity securities. KKR is in the business
of investing in companies and they are not restricted from investing in our
current or future competitors.  Future events may give rise to a
divergence of interests between KKR and us or our other security
holders.

Our
failure to implement plans to reduce our cost structure in anticipation of
declining demand for certain products or delays in implementing such plans could
negatively affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position and
liquidity.

We
recognize the need to continually rationalize our workforce and streamline our
operations to remain competitive in the face of an ever-changing business and
economic climate.  If we fail to implement cost rationalization plans
such as restructuring of  manufacturing, supply chain, marketing sales
and administrative resources ahead of declining demand for certain of our
products and services, our operations results, financial position and liquidity
could be negatively impacted.  In 2009, we implemented a targeted cost
reduction program, which we refer to as the 2009 Program, to more appropriately
size the organization as a result of the economic downturn.  While
most of the actions

 15

under the
2009 Program were completed in 2009, we expect some remaining actions to be
completed during the first half of 2010.  If we fail to successfully
execute our remaining rationalization activities under our 2009 Program, our
financial performance could be adversely affected.  Additionally, if
the restructuring plans are not effectively managed, we may experience lost
customer sales, product delays and other unanticipated effects, causing harm to
our business and customer relationships.  Finally, the timing and
implementation of these plans require compliance with numerous laws and
regulations, including local labor laws, and the failure to comply with such
requirements may result in damages, fines and penalties which could adversely
affect our business.

The
implementation of new legislation or regulations or changes in existing laws or
regulations could increase our cost to comply and consequently reduce our
profitability.

New
business legislation or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulation,
including interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulators, could
adversely affect our results of operations by increasing our cost to
comply.  For example, new tax, labor, health care, product safety,
environmental and securities laws and regulations have been proposed and such
proposals or other proposals may be enacted in the future that require us to
adopt new policies, internal controls and other compliance practices or modify
existing production facilities and operations.  Each of these
compliance initiatives could lead to internal and external cost increases, and
negatively impact our profitability.

Our
future results could be harmed by economic, political, regulatory and other
risks associated with international sales and operations.

Because
we sell our products worldwide and many of the facilities where our devices are
manufactured, distributed and supported are located outside the United States,
our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally,
such as:

•
supporting multiple languages;

 •
 recruiting sales and technical support personnel with the skills to
 design, manufacture, sell and support our
 products;

 •
 complying with governmental regulation of imports and exports, including
 obtaining required import or export approval for our
 products;

•
complexity of managing international operations;

•
exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;

•
commercial laws and business practices that may favor local
competition;

 •
 multiple, potentially conflicting, and changing governmental laws,
 regulations and practices, including differing export, import, tax,
 labor,  

 anti-bribery and employment laws;

•
difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;

•
limitations or restrictions on the repatriation of cash;

• reduced
or limited protection of intellectual property rights;

 •
 managing research and development teams in geographically disparate
 locations, including Canada, Israel, Japan, China, and
 Singapore;

•
complicated logistics and distribution arrangements; and

•
political or economic instability.

While we
sell our products in most parts of the world, one component of our strategy is
to further expand our international sales efforts.  There can be no
assurance that we will be able to market and sell our products in all of our
targeted international markets. If our international efforts are not successful,
our business growth and results of operations could be harmed.

Our
results of operations may suffer if we do not effectively manage our inventory,
and we may incur inventory-related charges.

We need
to manage our inventory of component parts and finished goods effectively to
meet changing customer requirements. Accurately forecasting customers’ product
needs is difficult.  Some of our products and supplies have in the
past, and may in the future, become obsolete while in inventory due to rapidly
changing customer tastes or a decrease in customer demand.  If we are
not able to manage our inventory effectively, we may need to write down the
value of some of our existing inventory or write off non-saleable or obsolete
inventory, which would adversely affect
our results of operations.  We have from time to time incurred
significant inventory-related charges.  Any such charges we incur in
future periods could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations.

 16

We
are subject to environmental laws and regulations and failure to comply with
such laws and regulations or liabilities imposed as a result of such laws and
regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition.

We are
subject to environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we
conduct our business, including laws regarding the discharge of pollutants,
including greenhouse gases, into the air and water, the need for environmental
permits for certain operations, the management and disposal of hazardous
substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, the content of our
products and the recycling and treatment and disposal of our
products.  If we do not comply with applicable laws and regulations in
connection with the use and management of hazardous substances, then we could be
subject to liability and/or could be prohibited from operating certain
facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition.  In addition, failure to comply
with certain regulations could result in fines and civil or criminal sanctions,
third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean up
costs.  We cannot provide assurance that we have been or will be at
all times in complete compliance with all environmental laws, regulations and
permits.

Certain
environmental laws and regulations impose liability on current or previous
owners or operators of real property for the cost to investigate, remove or
remediate hazardous substances.  These laws often impose liability
even if the owner or operator of property did not know of, or was not
responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances.  These laws
and regulations also assess liability on persons who arrange for hazardous
substances to be sent to disposal, reclamation or treatment facilities when such
facilities are found to be contaminated.  Such persons can be
responsible for cleanup costs even if they never owned or operated the
contaminated facility.  At December 31, 2009, we had accrued
liabilities of $102 million for various environmental matters.  The
majority of this reserve relates to contamination at our Eastman Business Park
site in Rochester, New York.  Certain other costs relate to liability
at Superfund sites, including the Passaic River in the state of New
Jersey.  While the accrued liabilities represent our current best
estimate of costs for those matters, the ultimate costs could exceed that
amount.

Environmental
laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become
more stringent over time.  We cannot assure you that our costs of
complying with current and future environmental laws and regulations and our
liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous
substances (including our liability for the matters comprising our environmental
reserve) will not adversely affect our business, results of operations or
financial condition.

Our
substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our debt
obligations and may place us at a competitive disadvantage in our
industry.

We have
incurred significant debt and related interest expenses as a result of the
issuance of $300 million aggregate principal amount of the 10.5% 2017
Senior Notes and $400 million of our 7.00%  Convertible Senior Notes
due 2017 in September 2009 and previously issued debt.  In addition,
we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance working capital,
product development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances,
capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes, subject to the
restrictions contained in our Credit Agreement and the indenture governing the
notes and in any other agreements under which we incur
indebtedness.

Our
significant debt and debt service requirements could adversely affect our
ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of
potential business opportunities.  For example, our high level of debt
presents the following risks:

 ·  

 we
 are required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations
 to pay principal and interest on our debt, thereby reducing the
 availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital
 expenditures, product development efforts, acquisitions, investments and
 strategic alliances and other general corporate requirements as well as
 making it more difficult for us to make payments on the
 notes;

 ·  

 our
 substantial leverage increases our vulnerability to economic downturns and
 adverse competitive and industry conditions and could place us at a
 competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are
 less leveraged;

 17

 ·  

 our
 debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or
 reacting to, changes in our business and our industry and could limit our
 ability to pursue other business opportunities, borrow more money for
 operations or capital in the future and implement our business
 strategies;

 ·  

 our
 level of debt and the covenants within our debt instruments may restrict
 us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund working
 capital, capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic
 acquisitions, investments and alliances, and other general corporate
 requirements; and

 ·  

 covenants
 in our debt instruments limit our ability to pay dividends, issue new or
 additional debt or make other restricted payments and
 investments.

A failure
to comply with the covenants and other provisions of our debt instruments could
result in events of default under such instruments, which could permit
acceleration of our various outstanding notes.  Any required repayment
of our indebtedness as a result of acceleration would lower our current cash on
hand such that we would not have those funds available for use in our
business.  In addition, we may not have sufficient cash on hand to pay
all such amounts in the event of an acceleration.

If we are
at any time unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service
our indebtedness when payment is due, we may be required to attempt to
renegotiate the terms of the instruments relating to the indebtedness, seek to
refinance all or a portion of the indebtedness or obtain additional
financing.  There can be no assurance that we will be able to
successfully renegotiate such terms, that any such refinancing would be possible
or that any additional financing could be obtained on terms that are favorable
or acceptable to us.

Servicing
our debt requires a significant amount of cash and our ability to generate cash
may be affected by factors beyond our control.

Our
business may not generate cash flow in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay
the principal of, or interest on, our indebtedness, or to fund our other
liquidity needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, product
development efforts, strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances, and
other general corporate requirements.

Our
ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive,
legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our
control.  We cannot assure you that:

 ·  

 our
 business will generate sufficient cash flow from
 operations;

 ·  

 we
 will realize cost savings, revenue growth and operating improvements
 resulting from the execution of our long-term strategic plan;
 or

 ·  

 future
 sources of funding will be available to us in amounts sufficient to enable
 us to fund our liquidity needs.

If we
cannot fund our liquidity needs, we will have to take actions such as reducing
or delaying capital expenditures, product development efforts, strategic
acquisitions, investments and alliances, selling assets, restructuring or
refinancing our debt, including the notes, or seeking additional equity
capital.  Such actions could further negatively impact our ability to
generate cash flows.  We cannot assure you that any of these remedies
could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or
that they would permit us to meet our scheduled debt service
obligations.  Certain of our debt instruments limit the use of the
proceeds from any disposition of assets and, as a result, we may not be allowed,
under those instruments, to use the proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy
all current debt service obligations.  In addition, if we incur
additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage, including
the risk that we will be unable to service our debt or generate enough cash flow
to fund our liquidity needs, could intensify.

 18

Restrictions
imposed by our debt instruments limit our ability to finance future
operations or capital needs or engage in other business activities that may be
in our interest.

Our debt
instruments impose operating and other restrictions on us and our
subsidiaries.  Our debt instruments also limit, among other things,
the ability of us and our restricted subsidiaries to:

 ·  

 incur
 additional indebtedness and issue certain preferred
 stock;

 ·  

 create
 liens;

 ·  

 pay
 dividends or make distributions in respect of our capital
 stock;

 ·  

 purchase
 or redeem capital stock;

 ·  

 make
 certain investments or other restricted
 payments;

 ·  

 sell
 assets;

 ·  

 enter
 into transactions with affiliates;
and

 ·  

 effect
 a consolidation or merger.

However,
these limitations are subject to a number of important qualifications and
exceptions.

If
the excess availability under our Credit Agreement falls below $100 million for
a specified period, the Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain compliance
with a fixed charge coverage ratio.  Our ability to comply with this
covenant may be affected by events beyond our control.

A breach
of any of the covenants contained in our Credit Agreement or our inability to
comply with the required financial ratio, when applicable, could result in a
default under the Credit Agreement.  If an event of default occurs and
we are not able to obtain a waiver from the requisite lenders under the Credit
Agreement, the administrative agent of the Credit Agreement may, and at the
request of the requisite lenders shall, declare all of our outstanding
obligations under the Credit Agreement, together with accrued interest and fees,
to be immediately due and payable, and may terminate the lenders’ commitments
thereunder, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings
against our assets.