If we do not effectively execute on our
growth initiatives, our financial performance could be adversely affected.

The Company participates in digital
product markets dominated by a few, large competitors with broad,
well-established distribution channels and supplier arrangements. Achievement of
scale, in those markets where Kodak has nascent, but growing, businesses, is
necessary for the Company to successfully compete in these markets. The
Company’s failure to obtain sustainable growth in these businesses could
adversely affect the Company’s financial performance. 

If we fail to comply with the covenants
contained in our Secured Credit Agreement, including the two financial
covenants, our ability to meet our financial obligations could be severely
impaired. 

There are affirmative, negative and
financial covenants contained in the Company’s Secured Credit Agreement. These
covenants are typical for a secured credit agreement of this nature. The
Company’s failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under
the Secured Credit Agreement. If an event of default was to occur and is not
waived by the lenders, then all outstanding debt, letters of credit, interest
and other payments under the Secured Credit Agreement could become immediately
due and payable and any unused borrowing availability under the revolving credit
facility of the Secured Credit Agreement could be terminated by the lenders. The
failure of the Company to repay any accelerated debt under the Secured Credit
Agreement could result in acceleration of the majority of the Company’s
unsecured outstanding debt obligations. 

If we cannot effectively anticipate
technology trends and develop new products to respond to changing customer
preferences, this could adversely affect our revenues.

Due to changes in technology and customer preferences, the market for traditional photography products and services is in
decline. In its Film Products Group, the Company continues to experience declines in customer demand for film
products, consistent with industry trends. Management has developed initiatives to address the anticipated impact
of these trends on the Company’s performance. In addition, the Company’s product development efforts are focused on
digital capture devices (digital cameras and scanners) designed to improve the image acquisition or digitalization
process, software products designed to enhance and simplify the digital workflow, output devices (thermal and inkjet
printers and commercial printing systems and solutions) designed to produce high quality documents and images, and media
(thermal and silver halide) optimized for digital workflows. Kodak’s success depends in part on its ability to develop
and introduce new products and services in a timely manner that keep pace with
technological developments and that are accepted in the market. The Company continues to introduce new consumer and commercial digital product offerings. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in anticipating and developing new products, product enhancements or new solutions and services to adequately address changing technologies and customer requirements. In addition, if the Company is unable to anticipate and develop improvements to its current technology, to adapt its products to changing customer preferences or requirements or to continue to produce high quality products in a timely and cost-effective manner in order to compete with products offered by its competitors, this could adversely affect the revenues of the Company.

PAGE 11

If we cannot continue to license or
enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends or
if

third
parties assert that we violate their intellectual property rights our revenue,
earnings and expenses may be adversely impacted.

Kodak relies upon patent, copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and similar laws in other
countries, and agreements with its employees, customers, suppliers and other
parties, to establish, maintain and enforce its intellectual property rights.
Any of the Company’s direct or indirect intellectual property rights could,
however, be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or such intellectual
property rights may not be sufficient to permit the Company to take advantage of
current market trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which
could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain
product offerings or other competitive harm. Further, the laws of certain
countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of
the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions, Kodak may be unable to
protect its proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third party
copying or use, which could adversely affect its competitive position. Also,
because of the rapid pace of technological change in the information technology
industry, much of our business and many of our products rely on key technologies
developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain or
continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or
on reasonable terms. 

Kodak has made substantial investments in
new, proprietary technologies and has filed patent applications and obtained
patents to protect its intellectual property rights in these technologies as
well as the interests of the Company’s licensees. The execution and enforcement
of licensing agreements protects the Company's intellectual property rights and
provides a revenue stream in the form of royalties that enables Kodak to further
innovate and provide the marketplace with new products and services. There is no
assurance that such measures alone will be adequate to protect the Company's
intellectual property. The Company’s ability to execute its intellectual
property licensing strategies could also affect the Company’s revenue and
earnings. Kodak’s failure to develop and properly manage new intellectual
property could adversely affect the Company’s market positions and business
opportunities. Furthermore, the Company’s failure to identify and implement
licensing programs, including identifying appropriate licensees, could adversely
affect the profitability of Kodak’s operations. 

Finally, third parties may claim that the
Company or customers indemnified by Kodak are infringing upon their intellectual
property rights. Such claims may be made by competitors seeking to block or
limit Kodak’s access to digital markets. Additionally, in recent years,
individuals and groups have begun purchasing intellectual property assets for
the sole purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract
settlements from large companies like Kodak. Even if Kodak believes that the
claims are without merit, the claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend
and distract management’s attention and resources. Claims of intellectual
property infringement also might require the Company to redesign affected
products, enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly
damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting Kodak
from marketing or selling certain of its products. Even if the Company has an
agreement to indemnify it against such costs, the indemnifying party may be
unable to uphold its contractual agreement to Kodak. If we cannot or do not
license the infringed technology at all, license the technology on reasonable
terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our revenue and
earnings could be adversely impacted.

If we cannot attract, retain and
motivate key employees, our business could be harmed.

In order for the Company to be successful,
we must continue to attract, retain and motivate executives and other key
employees, including technical, managerial, marketing, sales, research and
support positions. Hiring and retaining qualified executives, research
professionals, and qualified sales representatives are critical to the Company’s
future and competition for experienced employees in the industries in which we
compete can be intense. The market for employees with digital skills is highly
competitive and therefore the Company’s ability to attract such talent will
depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work
location and persuading potential employees that the Company is well-positioned
for success in the new digital markets Kodak has and will enter. The Company
also must keep employees focused on the strategic initiatives and goals in order
to be successful. If we cannot attract properly qualified individuals, retain
key executives and employees or motivate our employees, our business could be
harmed. 

PAGE 12

System integration issues could
adversely affect our revenue and earnings.

Portions of our IT infrastructure may
experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or product errors in
connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time
to time; in particular, installation of SAP within our Graphic Communications
Group. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning
data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time
consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive. Such disruption could adversely
affect our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes. Delayed
sales, higher costs or lost customers resulting from these disruptions could
adversely affect our financial results and reputation.

Our inability to effectively complete,
integrate and manage acquisitions, divestitures and other significant
transactions could adversely impact our business performance including our
financial results.

As part of our business strategy, we
frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible
investments, acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, divestitures and
outsourcing transactions ("transactions") and enter into agreements relating to
such transactions in order to further our business objectives. In order to
pursue this strategy successfully, we must identify suitable candidates for and
successfully complete transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and
manage post-closing issues such as the integration of acquired companies or
employees. Integration and other risks of transactions can be more pronounced
for larger and more complicated transactions, or if multiple transactions are
pursued simultaneously. If we fail to identify and complete successfully
transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend
resources to develop products and technology internally, we may be at a
competitive disadvantage or we may be adversely affected by negative market
perceptions, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our revenue,
gross margin and profitability. 

In 2005, Kodak completed two large
business acquisitions in its Graphic Communications Group segment in order to
strengthen and diversify its portfolio of businesses, while establishing itself
as a leader in the graphic communications market. The Company
has substantially completed its extensive restructuring of its traditional
manufacturing and corporate infrastructure, but will need to continue to
rationalize all items of cost to remain competitive. In the event that Kodak
fails to effectively manage the continuing decline of its more traditional
businesses while simultaneously integrating these acquisitions, it could fail to
obtain the expected synergies and favorable impact of these acquisitions. Such a
failure could cause Kodak to lose market opportunities and experience a
resulting adverse impact on its revenues and earnings.

Economic trends in our major markets
could adversely affect our financial performance.

Economic downturns and declines in
consumption in Kodak’s major markets may affect the levels of both commercial
and consumer sales and profitability. Purchases of Kodak’s consumer products are
to a significant extent discretionary. Accordingly, weakening economic
conditions or outlook could result in a decline in the level of consumption and
could adversely affect Kodak’s results of operations.

If we do not timely implement our
planned working capital improvements, this could adversely affect our cash
flow.

Unanticipated delays in the Company's
plans to continue working capital improvements could adversely impact Kodak’s
cash flow. Planned inventory reductions could be compromised by slower sales due
to the deteriorating economic environment, the competitive environment for
digital products, and the continuing decline in demand for traditional products,
which could also place pressures on Kodak’s sales and market share. Conversely,
accounts receivable goals could be missed due to stronger sales or a decline in
our customers’ ability to pay as a result of economic downturn. In addition, if
the Company does not make the expected progress to align our accounts payable
metrics with our peer groups our cash flow could be negatively impacted. In the
event Kodak is unable to successfully manage these issues in a timely manner,
they could adversely impact the planned working capital improvement.

Delays in our plans to improve
manufacturing productivity and control cost of operations could negatively
impact our gross margins.

Kodak’s failure to successfully manage
operational performance factors could delay or curtail planned improvements in
manufacturing productivity. Delays in Kodak’s plans to improve manufacturing
productivity and control costs of operations, could negatively impact the gross
margins of the Company. Furthermore, if Kodak is unable to successfully
negotiate competitive raw material costs with its suppliers, or incurs adverse
pricing on certain of its commodity-based raw materials, gross margins could be
adversely impacted.

PAGE 13

We depend on third party suppliers and,
therefore, our revenue and gross margins could suffer if we fail to manage
supplier relationships properly. 

Kodak’s operations depend on its ability
to anticipate the needs for components, products and services and Kodak’s
suppliers’ ability to deliver sufficient quantities of quality components,
products and services at reasonable prices in time for Kodak to meet its
customers’ demand. Given the wide variety of products, services and systems that
Kodak offers, the large number of suppliers and contract manufacturers the
Company depends upon that are dispersed across the globe, and the long lead
times that are required to manufacture, assemble and deliver certain components
and products, problems could arise in planning production and managing inventory
levels that could seriously harm Kodak. Other supplier problems that Kodak could
face include component shortages, excess supply, risks related to terms of its
contracts with suppliers, and risks related to dependency on single source
suppliers. 

We have outsourced a significant
portion of our overall worldwide manufacturing and back-office operations and
face the risks associated with relying on third party manufacturers and external
suppliers.

We have outsourced a significant portion
of our overall worldwide manufacturing, customer support and administrative
operations (such as human resource, credit and collection, and general ledger
accounting functions) to third parties and various service providers. To
the extent that we rely on third party manufacturing relationships, we face the
risk that those manufacturers may not be able to develop manufacturing methods
appropriate for our products, they may not be able to maintain an adequate
control environment, they may not be able to quickly respond to changes in
customer demand for our products, they may not be able to obtain supplies and
materials necessary for the manufacturing process, they may experience labor
shortages and/or disruptions, manufacturing costs could be higher than planned
and the reliability of our products could decline. If any of these risks were to
be realized, and assuming alternative third-party manufacturing relationships
could not be established, we could experience interruptions in supply or
increases in costs that might result in our being unable to meet customer demand
for our products, damage to our relationships with our customers, and reduced
market share, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition.

If our ongoing efforts to improve our
supply chain efficiency are not achieved, this could adversely affect our
revenue and earnings.

Kodak’s improvement in supply chain
efficiency, if not achieved, could adversely affect its business by preventing
shipments of certain products to be made in their desired quantities and in a
timely and cost-effective manner. The ongoing efficiencies could be compromised
if Kodak expands into new markets with new applications that are not fully
understood or if the portfolio broadens beyond that anticipated when the plans
were initiated. Any unforeseen changes in manufacturing capacity could also
compromise our supply chain efficiencies. 

The competitive pressures we face could
harm our revenue, gross margins and market share.

The markets in which we do business are
highly competitive, and we encounter aggressive price competition for all our
products and services from numerous companies globally. Over the past several
years, price competition in the market for digital products (including consumer
inkjet printers), film and services has been particularly intense as competitors
have aggressively cut prices and lowered their profit margins for these
products. In the Graphic Communications Group segment, aggressive pricing
tactics by our competitors have intensified the contract negotiation process.
Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by
these and other industry-wide pricing pressures. If the Company is unable to
obtain pricing or programs sufficiently competitive with current and future
competitors, Kodak could also lose market share, adversely affecting its revenue
and gross margins. 

If we fail to manage distribution of
our products and services properly, our revenue, gross margins and earnings
could be adversely impacted.

The Company uses a variety of different
distribution methods to sell our products and services, including third-party
resellers and distributors and both direct and indirect sales to both enterprise
accounts and customers. Successfully managing the interaction of direct and
indirect channels to various potential customer segments for our products and
services is a complex process. Moreover, since each distribution method has
distinct risks and costs, our failure to implement the most advantageous balance
in the delivery model for our products and services could adversely affect our
revenue, gross margins and earnings. Due to changes in the Company’s
go-to-market models, the Company is more reliant on fewer distributors. This has
concentrated the Company’s credit risk, which, if not appropriately managed,
could result in an adverse impact on the Company’s financial
performance.

     PAGE
14

We may provide financing and financial
guarantees to our customers, some of which may be for significant amounts.

The competitive environment in which we
operate may require us to provide financing to our customers in order to
win a contract. Customer financing arrangements may include all or a portion of
the purchase price for our products and services. We may also assist customers
in obtaining financing from banks and other sources and may provide financial
guarantees on behalf of our customers. Our success may be dependent, in part,
upon our ability to provide customer financing on competitive terms and on our
customers’ creditworthiness. If we are unable to provide competitive financing
arrangements to our customers or if we extend credit to customers that are not
creditworthy, this could adversely impact our revenues, profitability and
financial position.

Because we sell our products and
services worldwide, we are subject to changes in currency exchange rates and
interest rates that may adversely impact our results of operations and financial
position.

Kodak, as a result of its global operating
and financing activities, is exposed to changes in currency exchange rates and
interest rates, which may adversely affect its results of operations and
financial position. Exchange rates and interest rates in certain markets in
which the Company does business tend to be more volatile than those in the
United States and Western Europe. There can be no guarantees that the economic
situation in developing markets or elsewhere will not worsen, which could result
in future effects on revenue and earnings should such events occur. 

If we cannot protect our reputation due
to product quality and liability issues, our business could be
harmed.

Kodak products are becoming increasingly
sophisticated and complicated to design and build as rapid advancements in
technologies occur. Although Kodak has established internal procedures to
minimize risks that may arise from product quality and liability issues, there
can be no assurance that Kodak will be able to eliminate or mitigate occurrences
of these issues and associated damages. Kodak may incur expenses in connection
with, for example, product recalls, service and lawsuits, and Kodak’s brand
image and reputation as a producer of high-quality products could
suffer.

Business disruptions could seriously
harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and
expenses.

Our worldwide operations could be subject
to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages,
tsunamis, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions,
medical epidemics and other natural or manmade disasters or business
interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of
any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and financial
condition and increase our costs and expenses. In addition, some areas,
including parts of the east coast of the United States, have previously
experienced, and may experience in the future, major power shortages and
blackouts. These blackouts could cause disruptions to our operations or the
operations of our suppliers, distributors and resellers, or customers. These
events could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition, and increase
our costs and expenses.