Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents that the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission are risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual future results of the Company to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements contained in this document and other public statements the Company makes. Additionally, because of the following risks and uncertainties, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, the Company’s past financial performance should not be considered an indicator of future performance.

PAGE 13

If we do not effectively execute our digital transformation, this could adversely affect our operations, revenue and 

ability to compete. 

The Company continues with its transformation from a traditional products and services company to a primarily digital products and services company. This transformation includes an aggressive restructuring program to reduce its traditional infrastructure to cost-effectively manage the declining traditional business and to reduce its general and administrative costs to the level necessary to compete profitably in the digital markets. The Company expects these actions to be largely completed by the end of 2007. As a result of the digital transformation, the Company has established three key financial metrics against which it will measure success: net cash generation, earnings growth from digital products and services, and revenue growth from digital products and services. Accordingly, the success of the Company’s transformation is dependent upon the execution of the Company’s transformation initiatives including (1) managing the amount and timing of the
cost savings resulting from the restructuring of its traditional infrastructure and the reductions in general and administrative costs, (2) Kodak’s ability to continue its development and sale of digital products and services that deliver competitive margins in each of its segments, (3) the Company’s ability to manage the traditional business for cash generation in a cost-effective manner and (4) the Company’s ability to continue to successfully integrate its acquisitions, including KPG and Creo. If Kodak cannot continue to successfully execute its transformation initiatives, the Company’s ability to compete as a profitable and growing digital company could be negatively affected, which could adversely affect its results of operations and its ability to generate cash.

If we fail to comply with the covenants contained in our Secured Credit Agreement, including the two financial covenants, 

our ability to meet our financial obligations could be severely impaired.

There are affirmative, negative and financial covenants contained in the Company’s Secured Credit Agreement. These covenants are typical for a secured credit agreement of this nature. The Company’s failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the Secured Credit Agreement. If an event of default were to occur and is not waived by the lenders, then all outstanding debt, interest and other payments under the Secured Credit Agreement could become immediately due and payable and any unused borrowing availability under the revolving credit facility of the Secured Credit Agreement could be terminated by the lenders. The failure of the Company to repay any accelerated debt under the Secured Credit Agreement could result in acceleration of the majority of the Company’s unsecured outstanding debt obligations.

If we cannot effectively manage transitions of our products and services, this could adversely affect our revenues.

The industries in which Kodak competes are rapidly changing and becoming increasingly more complex. Kodak’s ability to successfully transition its existing products to new offerings requires that the Company make accurate predictions of the product development schedule as well as volumes, product mix, customer demand, sales channels, and configuration. The process of developing new products and services is complex and often uncertain due to the frequent introduction of new products by competitors that offer improved performance and pricing. Kodak may anticipate demand and perceived market acceptance that differs from the product’s realizable customer demand and revenue stream. Further, in the face of intense industry competition, any unanticipated delay in implementing certain product strategies (including digital products, category expansion and digitization) or in the development, production or marketing of a new product could decrease any advantage
Kodak may have to be the first or among the first to market and could adversely affect Kodak’s revenues. Kodak’s failure to carry out a product rollout in the time frame anticipated and in the quantities appropriate to customer demand, or at all, could adversely affect future demand for the Company’s products and services and have an adverse effect on its business. This risk is exacerbated when a product has a short life cycle or a competitor introduces a new product just before Kodak’s introduction of a similar product.

Our results are subject to risks related to our significant investment in developing and introducing new products, such as consumer inkjet printers and CMOS semiconductors. These risk include: difficulties and delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of products; customer acceptance of products; resources we must devote to the development of new technology; and the ability to differentiate our products and compete with other companies in the same markets.

PAGE 14

If we cannot effectively anticipate trends and respond to changing customer preferences, this could aversely affect our 

revenues.

Due to changes in technology, the market for traditional photography products and services is in decline and, as a result, product development has focused on digital capture devices (digital cameras and scanners) designed to improve the image acquisition or digitalization process, software products designed to enhance and simplify the digital workflow, output devices (thermal and inkjet printers and commercial printing systems and solutions) designed to produce high quality documents and images, and media (thermal and silver halide) optimized for digital workflows. Kodak’s success depends in part on its ability to develop and introduce new products and services in a timely manner that keep pace with technological developments and that are accepted in the market. The Company continues to introduce new consumer and commercial digital product offerings, however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in anticipating and developing new
products, product enhancements or new solutions and services to adequately address changing technologies and customer requirements. In addition, if the Company is unable to anticipate and develop improvements to its current technology, to adapt its products to changing customer preferences or requirements or to continue to produce high quality products in a timely and cost-effective manner in order to compete with products offered by its competitors, this could adversely affect the revenues of the Company.

If we cannot adequately protect our intellectual property, our business could be harmed.

Kodak has made substantial investments in technologies and has filed patent applications and obtained patents to protect its intellectual property rights as well as the interests of the Company licensees. The execution and enforcement of licensing agreements protects the Company’s intellectual property rights and provides a revenue stream in the form of royalties that enables Kodak to further innovate and provide the marketplace with new products and services. There is no assurance that such measures alone will be adequate to protect the Company’s intellectual property.

Our revenue and earnings may suffer if we cannot continue to implement our intellectual property licensing 

strategies.

The Company’s ability to execute its intellectual property licensing strategies could also affect the Company’s revenue and earnings. Kodak’s failure to develop and properly manage new intellectual property could adversely affect market positions and business opportunities. Furthermore, the Company’s failure to identify and implement licensing programs, including identifying appropriate licensees, could adversely affect the profitability of Kodak’s operations.

Our revenue, earnings and expenses may suffer if we cannot continue to license or enforce our intellectual property 

rights.

Kodak relies upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and similar laws in other countries, and agreements with its employees, customers, suppliers and other parties, to establish, maintain and enforce its intellectual property rights. Any of the Company’s direct or indirect intellectual property rights could, however, be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit the Company to take advantage of current market trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings or other competitive harm. Further, the laws of certain countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions, Kodak may be unable to protect its proprietary technology adequately against unauthorized third party copying or
use, which could adversely affect its competitive position. Also, because of the rapid pace of technological change in the information technology industry, much of our business and many of our products rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties at all or on reasonable terms.

PAGE 15

Our revenue, earnings and expenses may suffer if third parties assert that we violate their intellectual property rights.

Third parties may claim that the Company or customers indemnified by Kodak are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. In recent years, individuals and groups have begun purchasing intellectual property assets for the sole purpose of making claims of infringement and attempting to extract settlements from large companies like the Company. Even if Kodak believes that the claims are without merit, the claims can be time-consuming and costly to defend and distract management’s attention and resources. Claims of intellectual property infringement also might require the Company to redesign affected products, enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting Kodak from marketing or selling certain of its products. Even if the Company has an agreement to indemnify it against such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable to uphold its contractual agreement to Kodak.
If we cannot or do not license the infringed technology at all or on reasonable terms or substitute similar technology from another source, our revenue and earnings could suffer.

If we are not successful in transitioning certain financial processes and administrative functions to a global shared 

services model and outsourcing some of the work to third parties, our business performance, cost savings and cash flow 

could be adversely impacted.

The Company continues to migrate various administrative and financial processes, such as general accounting, accounts payable, credit and collections, call centers and human resources processes to a global shared services model to more effectively manage its costs. Delays in the migration to the global shared services model and to third party vendors could adversely impact the Company’s ability to meet its cost reduction goals. Also, if third party vendors do not perform to Kodak’s standards, such as a delay in collection of customer receipts, the Company’s cash flow could be negatively impacted.

Our inability to develop and implement e-commerce strategies that align with industry standards, could adversely affect 

our business.

In the event Kodak were unable to develop and implement e-commerce strategies that are in alignment with consumer trends, the Company’s business could be adversely affected. The availability of software and standards related to e-commerce strategies is of an emerging nature. Kodak’s ability to successfully align with the industry standards and services and ensure timely solutions requires the Company to make accurate predictions of the future accepted standards and services.

System integration issues could adversely affect our revenues and earnings.

Portions of our IT infrastructure may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or product errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time; in particular, installation of SAP within our Graphic Communications Group. We may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive and resource-intensive. Such disruption could adversely affect our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales, higher costs or lost customers resulting from these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation.

Our inability to effectively manage our acquisitions could adversely impact our revenues and earnings.

In 2005, Kodak completed two large business acquisitions in its Graphic Communications Group segment in order to strengthen and diversify its portfolio of businesses, while establishing itself as a leader in the graphic communications market. The Company is accelerating the current restructuring of its traditional manufacturing infrastructure. In the event that Kodak fails to effectively manage the continuing decline of its more traditional businesses while simultaneously integrating these acquisitions, it could fail to obtain the expected synergies and favorable impact of these acquisitions. Such a failure could cause Kodak to lose market opportunities and experience a resulting adverse impact on its revenues and earnings.

PAGE 16

Our inability to complete divestitures and other portfolio actions could adversely impact our financial position.

In January 2007, Kodak announced that it has reached an agreement to sell the Health Group to Onex Corporation. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2007. In the event that the Company is unable to complete the divestiture of the Health Group, it could fail to realize the favorable impacts to the Company created through the reduction of debt and other uses. Such a failure could cause Kodak to experience an adverse impact on its financial position.

Economic trends in our major markets could adversely affect net sales.

Economic downturns and declines in consumption in Kodak’s major markets may affect the levels of both commercial and consumer sales. Purchases of Kodak’s consumer products are to a significant extent discretionary. Accordingly, weakening economic conditions or outlook could result in a decline in the level of consumption and could adversely affect Kodak’s results of operations.

If we do not timely implement our planned inventory reductions, this could adversely affect our cash flow.

Unanticipated delays in the Company’s plans to continue inventory reductions in 2007 could adversely impact Kodak’s cash flow outlook. Planned inventory reductions could be compromised by slower sales due to the competitive environment for digital products, and the continuing decline in demand for traditional products, which could also place pressures on Kodak’s sales and market share. In the event Kodak is unable to successfully manage these issues in a timely manner, they could adversely impact the planned inventory reductions.

Delays in our plans to improve manufacturing productivity and control cost of operations could negatively impact our gross 

margins.

Kodak’s failure to successfully manage operational performance factors could delay or curtail planned improvements in manufacturing productivity. Delays in Kodak’s plans to improve manufacturing productivity and control costs of operations, including its ongoing restructuring actions to significantly reduce its traditional manufacturing infrastructure, could negatively impact the gross margins of the Company. Furthermore, if Kodak is unable to successfully negotiate raw material costs with its suppliers, or incurs adverse pricing on certain of its commodity-based raw materials, reduction in the gross margins could occur.

We depend on third party suppliers and, therefore, our revenue and gross margins could suffer if we fail to manage 

supplier issues properly.

Kodak’s operations depend on its ability to anticipate the needs for components, products and services and Kodak’s suppliers’ ability to deliver sufficient quantities of quality components, products and services at reasonable prices in time for Kodak to meet its schedules. Given the wide variety of products, services and systems that Kodak offers, the large number of suppliers and contract manufacturers that are dispersed across the globe, and the long lead times that are required to manufacture, assemble and deliver certain components and products, problems could arise in planning production and managing inventory levels that could seriously harm Kodak. Other supplier problems that Kodak could face include component shortages, excess supply and risks related to terms of its contracts with suppliers.

PAGE 17

We have outsourced a significant portion of our overall worldwide manufacturing operations and face the risks associated with relying on third party 

manufacturers and external suppliers.

We have outsourced a significant portion of our overall worldwide manufacturing operations to third parties and various service providers. To the extent that we rely on third party manufacturing relationships, we face the risk that those manufacturers may not be able to develop manufacturing methods appropriate for our products, they may not be able to quickly respond to changes in customer demand for our products, they may not be able to obtain supplies and materials necessary for the manufacturing process, they may experience labor shortages and/or disruptions, manufacturing costs could be higher than planned and the reliability of our products could decline. If any of these risks were to be realized, and assuming similar third-party manufacturing relationships could not be established, we could experience interruptions in supply or increases in costs that might result in our being unable to meet customer demand for our products, damage our relationships with
our customers, and reduce our market share, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

If our planned improvements in supply chain efficiency are delayed, this could adversely affect our revenues and earnings.

As the Company continues with its transformation from a traditional products and services company to a digital products and services company, Kodak’s planned improvement in supply chain efficiency, if delayed, could adversely affect its business by preventing shipments of certain products to be made in their desired quantities and in a timely and cost-effective manner. The planned efficiencies could be compromised if Kodak expands into new markets with new applications that are not fully understood or if the portfolio broadens beyond that anticipated when the plans were initiated. Any unforeseen changes in manufacturing capacity could also compromise our supply chain efficiencies.

The competitive pressures we face could harm our revenue, gross margins and market share.

The markets in which we do business are highly competitive, and we encounter aggressive price competition for all our products and services from numerous companies globally. Over the past several years, price competition in the market for film and digital cameras and related products and services has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered their profit margins for these products. In the Health Group and Graphic Communications Group segments, aggressive pricing tactics have intensified in the contract negotiations as competitors vie for customers and market share. Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide pricing pressures. If the Company is unable to obtain pricing or programs sufficiently competitive with current and future competitors, Kodak could also lose market share, adversely affecting its revenue and gross margins.

If we fail to manage distribution of our products and services properly, our revenue, gross margins and earnings could be adversely impacted.

We use a variety of different distribution methods to sell our products and services, including third-party resellers and distributors and both direct and indirect sales to both enterprise accounts and customers. Successfully managing the interaction of direct and indirect channel efforts to reach various potential customer segments for our products and services is a complex process. Moreover, since each distribution method has distinct risks and costs, our failure to implement the most advantageous balance in the delivery model for our products and services could adversely affect our revenue, gross margins and earnings.

We may provide financing and financial guarantees to our customers, some of which may be for significant amounts.

The competitive environment in which we operate may require us to provide customer financing to a customer in order to win a contract. Customer financing arrangements may include all or a portion of the purchase price for our products and services, as well as working capital. In some circumstances, these loans can be significant. We may also assist customers in obtaining financing from banks and other sources and may also provide financial guarantees on behalf of our customers. Our success may be dependent, in part, upon our ability to provide customer financing on competitive terms and on our customers’ creditworthiness. If we are unable to provide competitive financing arrangements to our customers or if we extend credit to customers that are not creditworthy, this could adversely impact our revenues, profitability and financial position.

PAGE 18

Economic uncertainty in developing markets could adversely affect our revenue and earnings.

Kodak conducts business in developing markets with economies that tend to be more volatile than those in the United States and Western Europe. The risk of doing business in developing markets such as China, India, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico, Russia and other economically volatile areas could adversely affect Kodak’s operations and earnings. Such risks include the financial instability among customers in these regions, political instability and potential conflicts among developing nations and other non-economic factors such as irregular trade flows that need to be managed successfully with the help of the local governments. Kodak’s failure to successfully manage economic, political and other risks relating to doing business in developing countries and economically and politically volatile areas could adversely affect its business.

Because we sell our products and services worldwide, we are subject to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates that may adversely impact our 

operations and financial position.

Kodak, as a result of its global operating and financing activities, is exposed to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, which may adversely affect its results of operations and financial position. Exchange rates and interest rates in certain markets in which the Company does business tend to be more volatile than those in the United States and Western Europe. There can be no guarantees that the economic situation in developing markets or elsewhere will not worsen, which could result in future effects on earnings should such events occur.

Management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006. If we discover a material 

weakness in the future, we may not be able to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial statements. As a result, our business, 

brand and operating results could be harmed.

Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for the Company to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports. If the Company cannot provide reasonable assurance with respect to its financial reports, its business, brand and operating results could be harmed. As disclosed in the Company’s 2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for each of the first three quarters of 2006, management’s assessment of the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting identified a material weakness in the Company’s internal controls related to the completeness and accuracy of the Company’s deferred income tax valuation allowance account. During the year ended December 31, 2006, the Company has made significant progress in executing the remediation plans that were established to address the material weakness identified above. This resulted in material improvements in the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting, including the successful remediation of the material weakness in internal controls related to the completeness and accuracy of the Company’s deferred income tax valuation allowance account as of December 31, 2006. Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements.

If we cannot protect our reputation due to product quality and liability issues, our business could be harmed.

Kodak products are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complicated to design and build as rapid advancements in technologies occur. Although Kodak has established internal procedures to minimize risks that may arise from product quality and liability issues, there can be no assurance that Kodak will be able to eliminate or mitigate occurrences of these issues and associated damages. Kodak may incur expenses in connection with, for example, product recalls, service and lawsuits, and Kodak’s brand image and reputation as a producer of high-quality products could suffer.