.

There
are risks associated with an investment in our securities.

Please
consider the following risks and all of the other information in this annual
report on Form 10-K and in our subsequent filings with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  Our
business may also be adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial.  If any of the events contemplated by the
following discussion of risks should occur or other risks arise or develop, our
business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, as well as
the trading prices of our securities, may be adversely affected.

The beauty business is highly competitive,
and if we are unable to compete effectively our results will suffer.

We
face vigorous competition from companies throughout the world, including
multinational consumer product companies.  Some of these competitors have
greater resources than we do and may be able to respond to changing business
and economic conditions more quickly than us.  Competition in the beauty
business is based on pricing of products, innovation, perceived value, service
to the consumer, promotional activities, advertising, special events, new
product introductions, electronic commerce initiatives and other
activities.  It is difficult for us to predict the timing and scale of our
competitors’ actions in these areas.  In particular, the fragrance
category in the United States is influenced by the high volume of new product
introductions by diverse companies across several different distribution
channels.  Also, the trend toward
consolidation in the retail trade, particularly in developed markets such as
the United States and Western Europe, has resulted in us becoming increasingly
dependent on key retailers, including large-format retailers, who have
increased their bargaining strength. 
This trend has also resulted in an increased risk related to the
concentration of our customers.  A severe
adverse impact on their business operations could have a corresponding material
adverse effect on us.  Our ability to compete also depends on the
continued strength of our brands, our ability to attract and retain key talent
and other personnel, the efficiency of our manufacturing facilities and
distribution network, and our ability to protect our intellectual
property.  Our inability to continue to compete effectively in countries
around the world could have an adverse impact on our business.

Our inability to anticipate and respond to
market trends and changes in consumer preferences could adversely affect our
financial results.

Our
continued success depends on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a
timely and cost-effective manner to changes in consumer tastes for skin care,
makeup, fragrance and hair care products as well as to where and how consumers
shop for those products.  We must continually work to develop, produce and
market new products, maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands,
achieve a favorable mix of products, and refine our approach as to how and
where we market and sell our products.  While we devote considerable effort
and resources to shape, analyze and respond to consumer preferences, we
recognize that consumer tastes cannot be predicted with certainty and can
change rapidly.  If we are unable to anticipate and respond to trends in
the market for our products and changing consumer demands, our financial
results will suffer.

Our future success depends on our ability to achieve our long-term
strategy.

Our vision is to be the global leader in prestige beauty.  To achieve our goal, we are implementing a long-term strategy to guide the Company through fiscal 2013.  The plan has numerous initiatives across regions, product categories, brands and functions that are designed to leverage our strengths, make us more cost efficient and grow our sales.

Achieving
our long-term objectives will require investment in new capabilities, brands,
categories, distribution channels, technologies and geographic markets.  These investments may result in short-term
costs without any current revenues and, therefore, may be dilutive to our
earnings, at least in the short term.  In
addition, we may dispose of or discontinue select brands or streamline
operations and incur costs or special charges in doing so.  Although we believe that our strategy will
lead to long-term growth in revenue and profitability, we may not realize, in
full or in part, the anticipated benefits. 
The failure to realize benefits, which may be due to our ability to
execute plans or other risks described herein, global economic conditions, competition,
changes in the beauty industry and the other risks described herein, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

11

Table of
Contents

Acquisitions may expose us to additional risks.

We continuously review acquisition opportunities that would expand our
current product offerings, our distribution channels, increase the size and
geographic scope of our operations or otherwise offer growth and operating
efficiency opportunities.  If required,
the financing for any of these acquisitions could result in an increase in our
indebtedness, dilute the interests of our stockholders or both.  Acquisitions may entail numerous risks,
including:

·

difficulties in assimilating acquired operations or
products, including the loss of key employees from or customers of acquired
businesses;

·

diversion of management’s attention from our core businesses;

·

adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and
customers; and

·

risks of entering distribution channels, categories or markets in which
we have limited or no prior experience.

Our failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired
business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results.  In
addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable
acquisition candidates or consummate acquisitions on favorable terms.

We are required to
annually test goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives to determine
if impairment has occurred.  If the
testing performed indicates that impairment has occurred, we are required to
record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying
value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of
the goodwill or other intangible assets in the period the determination is
made.  We cannot accurately predict the
amount and timing of any impairment of assets. 
Should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired,
there will be an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.

A general economic
downturn or sudden disruption in business conditions may affect consumer
purchases of discretionary items and/or the financial strength of our customers
that are retailers, which could adversely affect our financial results.

The general level
of consumer spending is affected by a number of factors, including general
economic conditions, inflation, interest rates, energy costs, and consumer
confidence generally, all of which are beyond our control.  Consumer
purchases of discretionary items tend to decline during recessionary periods,
when disposable income is lower, and may impact sales of our products.  A
decline in consumer purchases of discretionary items also tends to impact our
customers that are retailers.  We
generally extend credit to a retailer based on an evaluation of its financial
condition, usually without requiring collateral.  However, the financial difficulties of a
retailer could cause us to curtail or eliminate business with that
customer.  We may also assume more credit
risk relating to the receivables from that retailer.  Our inability to collect the receivable from
one of our largest customers or from a group of customers could have a material
adverse effect on our business and our financial condition.  If a retailer was to liquidate, we may incur
additional costs if we choose to purchase the retailer’s inventory of our
products to protect brand equity.

In addition, sudden disruptions in business
conditions, for example, as a consequence of events such as a pandemic or those
that are currently taking place in the Middle East, or as a result of a
terrorist attack, retaliation and the threat of further attacks or retaliation,
or as a result of adverse weather conditions or climate changes, can have a
short and, sometimes, long-term impact on consumer spending.

Events that impact consumers’ willingness or ability
to travel and/or purchase our products while traveling may impact our travel
retail business, which is a significant contributor to our overall results.

A
downturn in the economies in which we sell our products or a sudden disruption
of business conditions in those economies could adversely affect our sales and
profitability.

We
face risks associated with the current global credit crisis.

The volatility in
the financial markets and the related economic downturn in markets throughout
the world could continue to have a material adverse effect on our
business.  While we currently generate
significant cash flows from our ongoing operations and have access to global
credit markets through our various financing activities, credit markets have
recently experienced significant disruptions and certain leading financial
institutions have either declared bankruptcy or have shown significant
deterioration in their financial stability. 
Further deterioration in global financial markets could make future
financing difficult or more expensive. 
If any financial institutions that are parties to our undrawn revolving
credit facility supporting our commercial paper program or other financing
arrangements, such as interest rate or foreign exchange hedging instruments,
were to declare bankruptcy or become insolvent, they may be unable to perform
under their agreements with us.  This
could leave us with reduced borrowing capacity or unhedged against certain
interest rate or foreign currency exposures.

12

Table of
Contents

Changes in laws, regulations and policies
that affect our business could adversely affect our financial results.

Our
business is subject to numerous laws, regulations and policies.  Changes
in the laws, regulations and policies, including the interpretation or
enforcement thereof, that affect, or will affect, our business, including
changes in accounting standards, tax laws and regulations, trade rules and
customs regulations, and the outcome and expense of legal or regulatory
proceedings, and any action we may take as a result could adversely affect our
financial results.

Our success depends, in part, on
the quality and safety of our products.

Our success depends, in part, on the quality and
safety of our products.  If our products
are found to be defective or unsafe, or if they otherwise fail to meet our
consumers’ standards, our relationships with customers or consumers could
suffer, the appeal of one or more of our brands could be diminished, and we
could lose sales and/or become subject to liability claims, any of which could
result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

Our success depends, in part, on
our key personnel.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain
our key personnel, including our executive officers and senior management
team.  The unexpected loss of one or more
of our key employees could adversely affect our business.  Our success also depends, in part, on our
continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain other highly qualified
personnel.  Competition for these
employees can be intense.  We may not be
able to attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel in the future, and
our failure to do so could adversely affect our business.  This risk may be exacerbated by the stresses
associated with the implementation of our strategic plan and other initiatives.

We are subject to risks related
to our international operations.

We
operate on a global basis, with approximately 59% of our fiscal 2009 net sales
generated outside the United States.  We maintain offices in over 40
countries and have key operational facilities located outside the United States
that manufacture, warehouse or distribute goods for sale throughout the
world.  Foreign operations are subject to many risks and uncertainties,
including:

·

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
rates, which can affect our results of operations, the value of our foreign
assets,

the relative
prices at which we and foreign competitors sell products in the same markets
and the cost of certain inventory and non-inventory items required in our
operations;

·

changes in foreign laws, regulations and
policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export license
requirements,

and tariffs and taxes, as well as changes in United States laws and
regulations relating to foreign trade and investment; and

·

adverse weather conditions, social,
economic and geopolitical conditions, such as terrorist attacks, war or other
military action.

These
risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results
of operations and financial condition.

A disruption in operations could adversely
affect our business and financial results.

As
a company engaged in manufacturing and distribution on a global scale, we are
subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including industrial
accidents, environmental events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions
in supply chain or information systems, loss or impairment of key manufacturing
sites, product quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other
regulatory issues, as well as natural disasters and other external factors over
which we have no control.  If such an event were to occur, it could have
an adverse affect on our business and financial results.

Our information systems and websites may be susceptible to outages and
other risks.

We
have information systems that support our business processes, including product
development, marketing, sales, order processing, production, distribution,
finance and intracompany communications throughout the world.  We have e-commerce and other Internet
websites in the United States and many other countries.  These systems may be susceptible to outages
due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins and
similar events.  Despite the implementation
of network security measures, our systems may be vulnerable to computer
viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering.  The occurrence of these or other events could
disrupt or damage our information systems and adversely affect our business and
results of operations.

13

Table of
Contents

We are subject to risks associated with implementing global information
systems.

As
part of a program that we call our “Strategic Modernization Initiative,” or
“SMI,” we are implementing enterprise-wide global programs intended to deliver
a single set of integrated data, processes and technologies, which would be
scalable and used to standardize business processes across brands, operating
units and sales affiliates.  As part of
SMI, we anticipate the continued migration of our operations to SAP, with the
majority of our locations to be implemented through fiscal 2012.  Like most entity-wide changes to software
systems, the implementation of SMI involves risks and uncertainties.  Failure to implement SMI as planned, in terms
of timing, specifications and/or costs, could have an adverse impact on our
business and results of operations.

The trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall
based on the accuracy of predictions of our earnings or other financial
performance.

Our
business planning process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth
and profitability, not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal
quarter.  We believe that this
longer-term focus is in the best interests of the Company and our stockholders.  At the same time, however, we recognize that
it may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to our forecast of net
sales and earnings per share. 
Accordingly, when we announced our year-end financial results for fiscal
2009, we provided guidance as to our expected net sales and earnings per share
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2010 and the quarter ending September 30,
2009.  While we generally expect to
provide updates to our guidance when we report our results each fiscal quarter,
we assume no responsibility to update any of our forward-looking statements at
such times or otherwise.  In addition,
the longer-term guidance we provide is based on goals that we believe, at the
time guidance is given, are reasonably attainable for growth and performance
over a number of years.  Such targets are
more speculative than our current quarter and fiscal year expectations.

In
all of our public statements when we make, or update, a forward-looking
statement about our sales and/or earnings expectations or expectations
regarding restructuring or other initiatives, we accompany such statements
directly, or by reference to a public document, with a list of factors that
could cause our actual results to differ materially from those we expect.  Such a list is included, among other places,
in our earnings press release and in our periodic filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (e.g., in our reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q).  These and other factors may make it difficult
for outside observers, such as research analysts, to predict what our earnings
will be in any given fiscal quarter or year.

Outside
analysts and investors have the right to make their own predictions of our
financial results for any future period. 
Outside analysts, however, have access to no more material information
about our plans than any other public investor, and we do not endorse their
predictions as to our future performance. 
Nor do we assume any responsibility to correct the predictions of
outside analysts or others when they differ from our own internal
expectations.  If and when we announce
actual results that differ from those that outside analysts or others have been
predicting, the market price of our securities could be affected.  Investors who rely on the predictions of
outside analysts or others when making investment decisions with respect to our
securities do so at their own risk.  We
take no responsibility for any losses suffered as a result of such changes in
the prices of our securities.

Failure to adequately maintain the security of our electronic and other
confidential information could materially adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations.

We are dependent upon automated information technology processes.  As part of our normal business activities, we
collect and store certain confidential information, including personal
information with respect to customers and employees.  We may share some of this information with
vendors who assist us with certain aspects of our business.  Moreover, the success of our e-commerce
operations depends upon the secure transmission of confidential and personal
data over public networks, including the use of cashless payments.  Any failure on the part of us or our vendors
to maintain the security of our confidential data and our employees’ and
customers’ personal information, including via the penetration of our network
security and the misappropriation of confidential and personal information,
could result in business disruption, damage to our reputation, financial
obligations to third parties, fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings and
private litigation with potentially large costs, and also result in
deterioration in our employees’ and customers’ confidence in us and other
competitive disadvantages, and thus could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a
security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources
to enhance our information security systems and could result in a disruption to
our operations.

As we
outsource more functions, we will become more dependent on the entities
performing those functions.

As part of our
long-term strategy, we are continually looking for opportunities to provide
essential business services in a more cost-effective manner.  In some
cases, this requires the outsourcing of functions or parts of functions that
can be performed more effectively by external service providers.  These
include certain information systems functions such as information technology
operations, and certain human resource functions such as employee benefit plan
administration.  While we believe we conduct appropriate due diligence
before entering into agreements with the outsourcing entity, the failure of one
or more entities to provide the expected services, provide them on a timely
basis or to provide them at the prices we expect may have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

14

Table
of Contents