.

There are risks
associated with an investment in our securities.

Please consider the
following risks and all of the other information in this annual report on Form
10-K and in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”).  Our business may also be
adversely affected by risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that
we currently believe to be immaterial. 
If any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks
should occur or other risks arise or develop, our business, prospects,
financial condition and results of operations, as well as the trading prices of
our securities, may be adversely affected.

The beauty business is highly competitive, and if we are
unable to compete effectively our results will suffer.

We face vigorous
competition from companies throughout the world, including multinational
consumer product companies.  Some of these competitors have greater
resources than we do and may be able to respond to changing business and
economic conditions more quickly than us.  Competition in the beauty
business is based on pricing of products, innovation, perceived value, service
to the consumer, promotional activities, advertising, special events, new
product introductions, electronic commerce initiatives and other
activities.  It is difficult for us to predict the timing and scale of our
competitors’ actions in these areas.  In particular, the fragrance
category in the United States is influenced by the high volume of new product
introductions by diverse companies across several different distribution
channels.  Also, the trend toward
consolidation in the retail trade, particularly in developed markets such as
the United States and Western Europe, has resulted in us becoming increasingly
dependent on key retailers, including large-format retailers, who have
increased their bargaining strength. 
This trend has also resulted in an increased risk related to the
concentration of our customers.  A severe
adverse impact on their business operations could have a corresponding material
adverse effect on us.  Our ability to compete also depends on the
continued strength of our brands, our ability to attract and retain key talent
and other personnel, the efficiency of our manufacturing facilities and
distribution network, and our ability to protect our intellectual
property.  Our inability to continue to compete effectively in countries
around the world could have an adverse impact on our business.

Our inability to anticipate and respond to market trends and
changes in consumer preferences could adversely affect our financial results.

Our continued success
depends on our ability to anticipate, gauge and react in a timely and
cost-effective manner to changes in consumer tastes for skin care, makeup,
fragrance and hair care products as well as to where and how consumers shop for
those products.  We must continually work to develop, produce and market
new products, maintain and enhance the recognition of our brands, achieve a
favorable mix of products, and refine our approach as to how and where we
market and sell our products.  While we devote considerable effort and
resources to shape, analyze and respond to consumer preferences, we recognize
that consumer tastes cannot be predicted with certainty and can change
rapidly.  If we are unable to anticipate and respond to trends in the
market for our products and changing consumer demands, our financial results
will suffer.

Our
future success depends on our ability to achieve our long-term strategy.

Our long-term strategy is
based on five strategic imperatives:

1.
               Optimize brand
portfolio

2.
               Strengthen product
categories

3.
               Strengthen and
expand geographic presence

4.
               Diversify and
strengthen distribution channels

5.
               Achieve operational
and cost excellence

Achieving our long-term
objectives may require investment in new brands, categories, distribution
channels, technologies and geographic markets. 
These investments may result in short-term costs without any current
revenues and, therefore, may be dilutive to our earnings, at least in the
short-term.  In addition, we may dispose
of our brands and incur costs in doing so. 
Although we believe that our strategic imperatives will lead to
long-term growth in revenue and profitability, we may not realize, in full or
in part, the anticipated benefits.  The
failure to realize benefits, which may be due to our ability to execute plans
or other risks described herein, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and operating results.

12

Any future
acquisitions may expose us to additional risks.

We continuously review
acquisition opportunities that would expand our current product offerings, our
distribution channels, increase the size and geographic scope of our operations
or otherwise offer growth and operating efficiency opportunities.  If required, the financing for any of these
acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests
of our stockholders or both. 
Acquisitions may entail numerous risks, including:

·
                  difficulties in assimilating acquired
operations or products, including the loss of key employees from or customers
of acquired businesses;

·
                  diversion of management’s attention
from our core businesses;

·
                  adverse effects on existing business
relationships with suppliers and customers; and

·
                  risks
of entering distribution channels, categories or markets in which we have
limited or no prior experience.

Our failure to successfully
complete the integration of any acquired business could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.  In addition, there can be no assurance that
we will be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate
acquisitions on favorable terms.

A general economic downturn or sudden disruption in business
conditions may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items, which could
adversely affect our financial results.

The general level of
consumer spending is affected by a number of factors, including general
economic conditions, inflation, interest rates, energy costs, and consumer
confidence generally, all of which are beyond our control.  Consumer
purchases of discretionary items tend to decline during recessionary periods,
when disposable income is lower, and may impact sales of our products.  In
addition, sudden disruptions in business conditions, for example, as a
consequence of events such as the outbreak of SARs in 2003 or those that are currently
taking place in the Middle East, or as a result of a terrorist attack,
retaliation and the threat of further attacks or retaliation, or as a result of
adverse weather conditions, such as Hurricane Katrina, can have a short and,
sometimes, long-term impact on consumer spending.

Events that impact
consumers’ willingness or ability to travel and/or purchase our products while
traveling may impact our travel retail business, which is a significant
contributor to our overall results.

A downturn in the economies
in which we sell our products or a sudden disruption of business conditions in
those economies could adversely affect our sales.

Changes in laws, regulations and policies that affect our
business could adversely affect our financial results.

Our business is subject
to numerous laws, regulations and policies.  Changes in the laws,
regulations and policies, including the interpretation or enforcement thereof,
that affect, or will affect, our business, including changes in accounting
standards, tax laws and regulations, trade rules and customs regulations, and
the outcome and expense of legal or regulatory proceedings, and any action we
may take as a result could adversely affect our financial results.

Our success depends, in part, on
the quality and safety of our products.

Our success depends, in part, on the quality and
safety of our products.  If our products
are found to be defective or unsafe, or if they otherwise fail to meet our
consumers’ standards, our relationships with customers or consumers could
suffer, the appeal of one or more of our brands could be diminished, and we
could lose sales and/or become subject to liability claims, any of which could
result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

Our success depends, in part, on
our key personnel.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain
our key personnel, including our executive officers and senior management
team.  The unexpected loss of one or more
of our key employees could adversely affect our business.  Our success also depends, in part, on our
continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain other highly qualified
personnel.  Competition for these
employees can be intense.  We may not be
able to attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel in the future, and
our failure to do so could adversely affect our business.  This risk may be exacerbated by the stresses
associated with the implementation of SMI (as defined below) and other
initiatives.

13

We are subject to risks related
to our international operations.

We operate on a global
basis, with approximately 54% of our fiscal 2007 net sales generated outside
the United States.  We maintain offices in over 35 countries and have key
operational facilities located outside the United States that manufacture,
warehouse or distribute goods for sale throughout the world.  Foreign
operations are subject to many risks and uncertainties, including:

·
                              fluctuations
in foreign currency exchange rates, which can affect our results of operations,
the value of our foreign assets, the relative prices at which we and foreign
competitors sell products in the same markets and the cost of certain inventory
and non-inventory items required in our operations;

·
                              changes
in foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade,
import and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, as well as
changes in United States laws and regulations relating to foreign trade and
investment; and

·
                              adverse
weather conditions, social, economic and geopolitical conditions, such as
terrorist attacks, war or other military action.

These risks could have a
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and
financial condition.

A disruption in operations could adversely affect our
business and financial results.

As a company engaged in
manufacturing and distribution on a global scale, we are subject to the risks
inherent in such activities, including industrial accidents, environmental
events, strikes and other labor disputes, disruptions in logistics or
information systems, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, product
quality control, safety, licensing requirements and other regulatory issues, as
well as natural disasters and other external factors over which we have no
control.  If such an event were to occur, it could have an adverse affect
on our business and financial results.

Our
information systems and websites may be susceptible to outages and other risks.

We have information
systems that support our business processes, including product development,
marketing, sales, order processing, production, distribution, finance and
intracompany communications throughout the world.  We have e-commerce and other Internet websites
in the United States and many other countries. 
These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power
loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins and similar events.  Despite the implementation of network
security measures, our systems may be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins
and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering.  The occurrence of these or other events could
disrupt or damage our information systems and adversely affect our business and
results of operations.

We
are subject to risks associated with implementing global information systems.

As part of a program that
we call our “Strategic Modernization Initiative,” or “SMI,” we are implementing
enterprise-wide global programs intended to deliver a single set of integrated
data, processes and technologies, which would be scalable and used to
standardize business processes across brands, operating units and sales
affiliates.  We implemented SMI at our
Aveda operating unit in May 2007.  We
anticipate SMI implementation will continue at additional locations in fiscal
2008, with the majority of our locations to be implemented through fiscal
2010.  Like most entity-wide changes to
software systems, the implementation of SMI involves risks and uncertainties.  Failure to implement SMI as planned, in terms
of timing, specifications and/or costs, could have an adverse impact on our
business and results of operations.

The
trading prices of our securities periodically may rise or fall based on the
accuracy of predictions of our earnings or other financial performance.

Our business planning
process is designed to maximize our long-term strength, growth and
profitability, not to achieve an earnings target in any particular fiscal
quarter.  We believe that this
longer-term focus is in the best interests of the Company and our
stockholders.  At the same time, however,
we recognize that it may be helpful to provide investors with guidance as to
our forecast of net sales and earnings. 
Accordingly, when we announced our year-end financial results for fiscal
2007, we provided guidance as to our expected net sales and earnings for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 2008 and the quarter ending September 30,
2007.  While we generally expect to
provide updates to our guidance when we report our results each fiscal quarter,
we assume no responsibility to update any of our forward-looking statements at
such times or otherwise.  In addition,
the longer-term guidance we provide is based on goals that we believe, at the
time guidance is given, are reasonably attainable for growth and performance
over a number of years.  Such targets are
more speculative than our current quarter and fiscal year expectations.

In all of our public
statements when we make, or update, a forward-looking statement about our sales
and/or earnings expectations, we accompany such statements directly, or by
reference to a public document, with a list of factors that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from those we expect.  Such a list is included, among other places,
in our earnings press release and in our periodic filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (e.g., in our reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q).  These and other factors may make it difficult
for outside observers, such as research analysts, to predict what our earnings
will be in any given fiscal quarter or year.

14

Outside analysts, like
all investors, have the right to make their own predictions of our financial
results for any future period.  Outside
analysts, however, have access to no more material information about our plans than
any other public investor, and we do not endorse their predictions as to our
future performance.  Nor do we assume any
responsibility to correct the predictions of outside analysts or others when
they differ from our own internal expectations. 
If and when we announce actual results that differ from those that
outside analysts or others have been predicting, the market price of our
securities could be affected.  Investors
who rely on the predictions of outside analysts or others when making
investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own
risk.  We take no responsibility for any
losses suffered as a result of such changes in the prices of our securities.