In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this registration statement, the following are certain material risks and uncertainties that are specific to our industry and properties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks Associated with the Nyngan Project

There are technical challenges to scandium production that may render the project not economic. There is no assurance that we will demonstrate economic viability on the Nyngan resource. The economics of scandium recovery are known to be challenging. There are very few facilities producing scandium and the existing scandium producers are secretive in their techniques for recovery. In addition, the recovery of scandium product from laterite resources, such as at the Nyngan deposit, has not been demonstrated at an operating facility. The Nyngan processing facility design, if constructed, will be the first of its kind for scandium production. These factors increase the possibility that we will encounter unknown or unanticipated production and processing risks. Should any of these risks become actual, they could increase the cost of production thereby reducing margins on the project or rendering the project uneconomic.

11

There is no guarantee that we will be able to finance the Nyngan Project for production. Any decision to proceed with production on the Nyngan Project will require significant production financing. Scandium projects are very rare and economic and production uncertainty may limit our ability to attract the required amount of capital to put the project into production. If we are unable to source production financing on commercially viable terms, we may not be able to proceed with the project and may have to write off our investment in the project.

If we are successful at achieving production, we may have difficulty selling Scandium.
 Scandium is characterized by unreliable supply, resulting in limited development of markets for scandium oxide. Markets may take longer to develop than anticipated, and Nyngan and other potential scandium producers may have to wait for products and applications to create adequate demand. Certain applications may require lengthy certification processes that could delay usage or acceptance. In addition certain scandium applications require very high purity scandium product, which is much more difficult to produce than lower grade product. If we commence production, our inability to supply scandium in sufficient quantities, in a reliable and timely manner, and in the correct quality, could reduce the demand for any scandium produced from our projects and possibly render the project uneconomic.

General Risks Associated with our Mining Activities and Company

We may not receive permits necessary to proceed with the development of a mining project. The development of any of our properties, including the Nyngan Project, will require numerous local and national government approvals, including environmental permits. Our ability to secure all necessary permits required to develop any of our projects is unknown until we make application for such permits. If we cannot obtain all necessary permits, the project cannot be developed, and our investment in the project will likely be lost. Our future market value will likely be significantly reduced to the extent one or more of our projects cannot proceed to the development or production stage due to an inability to secure all required permits.

Mineral Resource Estimates
 on our properties are subject to uncertainty and may not reflect what may be economically extracted. Resource estimates included for scandium on our Nyngan property are estimates only and no assurances can be given that the estimated levels of scandium minerals will actually be produced or that we will receive the metal prices assumed in determining our resources. Such estimates are expressions of judgment based on knowledge, mining experience, analysis of drilling and exploration results and industry practices. Estimates made at any given time may significantly change when new information becomes available or when parameters that were used for such estimates change. By their nature resource estimates are imprecise and depend, to a certain extent, upon statistical inferences which may ultimately prove unreliable. Furthermore, market price fluctuations in scandium, as well as increased capital or production costs or reduced recovery rates, may limit our ability to establish reserves at some future point on Nyngan, or on any of our properties. The extent to which resources may ultimately be reclassified as proven or probable reserves is dependent upon the demonstration of their profitable recovery. The evaluation of reserves or resources is always influenced by economic and technological factors, which may change over time. Accordingly, current resource estimates on our material properties may never be converted into reserves, or be economically extracted, and we may have to write off such properties or incur a loss on sale of our interest on such properties, which will likely reduce the value of our shares.

Our potential for a competitive advantage in specialty and rare metals production depends on the availability of our technical processing abilities, as currently provided by our Chief Technology Officer.
 We are dependent upon the personal efforts and commitment of Willem Duyvesteyn, our CTO, a director and significant shareholder of our company, for the continued development of new extractive technologies related to scandium and other rare and specialty metals production. The loss of the services of Mr. Duyvesteyn will likely limit our ability to use or continue the development of such technologies, which would remove the potential competitive and economic benefit of such technologies.

12

Our operations are subject to losses due to exchange rate fluctuation
. We maintain accounts in Canadian and U.S. currency. Our equity financings have to date been priced in Canadian dollars. All of our material projects and non-cash assets are located outside of both Canada and the USA, however, and require regular currency conversions to local currencies where such projects and assets are located. Our operations are accordingly subject to foreign currency fluctuations and such fluctuations may materially affect our financial position and results. We do not engage in currency hedging activities.

We do not currently earn any revenue and without additional funding, we will not be able to carry out our business plan, and if we raise additional funding existing security holders may experience dilution. As an exploration stage mining company, none of our principal properties are in operation and we do not currently earn any revenue. In order to continue our exploration activities and to meet our obligations on the Nyngan Scandium Project, we will need to raise additional funds. Recently, we have relied entirely on the sale of our securities to raise funds for operations. Our ability to continue to raise funds from the sale of our securities is subject to significant uncertainty due to volatility in the mineral exploration marketplace. If we are able to raise funds from the sale of our securities, existing security holders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and possibly to the value of their existing securities.