The risk factors that appear below could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties
facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies. 

Our business could be
materially adversely affected as a result of general economic and market conditions. 

We are subject to
the effects of general global economic and market conditions. If these conditions remain challenging or deteriorate, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Possible consequences from
uncertainty or further deterioration due to the recent global macroeconomic downturn on our business, including insolvency of key suppliers resulting in product delays, inability of customers to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products,
customer insolvencies, increased risk that customers may delay payments, fail to pay or default on credit extended to them, and counterparty failures negatively impacting our treasury operations, could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. 

Our business could be materially adversely affected as a result of a lessening demand in the
information technology market. 

Our revenue and profitability depend on the overall demand for our
products and services. Delays or reductions in IT spending, domestically or internationally, could materially adversely affect demand for our products and services which could result in decreased revenues or earnings. 

Our customers operate in a variety of markets. Any adverse effects to such markets could materially adversely affect
demand for our products and services which could result in decreased revenues or earnings. 

Competitive pricing, sales
volume, mix and component costs could materially adversely affect our revenues, gross margins and earnings. 

Our gross margins are impacted by a variety of factors, including competitive pricing, component and product design costs
as well as the volume and relative mixture of product and services revenues. Increased component costs, increased pricing pressures, the relative and varying rates of increases or decreases in component costs and product price, changes in product
and services revenue mixture or decreased volume could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, gross margins or earnings. 

The costs of third-party components comprise a significant portion of our product costs. While we generally have been able to manage our component and product design costs, we may have difficulty managing
such costs if supplies of certain components 

10 

Table of Contents

become limited or component prices increase. Any such limitation could result in an increase in our component costs. An increase in component or design costs relative to our product prices could
have a material adverse effect on our gross margins and earnings. Moreover, certain competitors may have advantages due to vertical integration of their supply chain, which may include disk drives, microprocessors, memory components and servers.

The markets in which we do business are highly competitive, and we may encounter aggressive price competition
for all of our products and services from numerous companies globally. There also has been and may continue to be a willingness on the part of certain competitors to reduce prices or provide information infrastructure and virtual infrastructure
products or services, together with other IT products or services, at minimal or no additional cost in order to preserve or gain market share. Such price competition may result in pressure on our product and service prices, and reductions in product
and service prices may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, gross margins and earnings. 

If our suppliers are
not able to meet our requirements, we could have decreased revenues and earnings. 

We purchase or license
many sophisticated components and products from one or a limited number of qualified suppliers, including some of our competitors. These components and products include disk drives, high density memory components, power supplies and software
developed and maintained by third parties. We have experienced delivery delays from time to time because of high industry demand or the inability of some vendors to consistently meet our quality or delivery requirements. Current or future social and
environmental regulations or critical issues, such as those relating to the sourcing of conflict minerals from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or the need to eliminate environmentally sensitive materials from our products, could restrict the
supply of resources used in production or increase our costs. If any of our suppliers were to cancel or materially change contracts or commitments with us or fail to meet the quality or delivery requirements needed to satisfy customer orders for our
products, we could lose time-sensitive customer orders, be unable to develop or sell certain products cost-effectively or on a timely basis, if at all, and have significantly decreased quarterly revenues and earnings, which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we periodically transition our product line to incorporate new technologies. The importance of transitioning our customers smoothly to new technologies,
along with our historically uneven pattern of quarterly sales, intensifies the risk that the failure of a supplier to meet our quality or delivery requirements will have a material adverse impact on our revenues and earnings. An economic crisis may
also negatively affect our suppliers’ solvency, which could, in turn, result in product delays or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our financial performance may be impacted by the financial performance of VMware. 

Because we consolidate VMware’s financial results in our results of operations, our financial performance will be
impacted by the financial performance of VMware. VMware’s financial performance may be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 

•

 general economic conditions in their domestic and international markets and the effect that these conditions have on VMware’s customers’
capital budgets and the availability of funding for software purchases; 

•

 fluctuations in demand, adoption rates, sales cycles and pricing levels for VMware’s products and services; 

•

 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

•

 changes in customers’ budgets for information technology purchases and in the timing of their purchasing decisions;

•

 VMware’s ability to compete with existing or increased competition; 

•

 the timing of recognizing revenues in any given quarter, which, as a result of software revenue recognition policies, can be affected by a number of
factors, including product announcements and beta programs; 

•

 the sale of VMware’s products in the timeframes anticipated, including the number and size of orders in each quarter;

•

 VMware’s ability to develop, introduce and ship in a timely manner new products and product enhancements that meet customer demand,
certification requirements and technical requirements; 

•

 the timing of the announcement or release of upgrades or new products by VMware or by its competitors; 

•

 VMware’s ability to maintain scalable internal systems for reporting, order processing, license fulfillment, product delivery, purchasing,
billing and general accounting, among other functions; 

•

 VMware’s ability to control costs, including its operating expenses; 

•

 changes to VMware’s effective tax rate; 

•

 the increasing scale of VMware’s business and its effect on VMware’s ability to maintain historical rates of growth;

•

 VMware’s ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees, particularly those with relevant experience in software development and sales;

•

 VMware’s ability to conform to emerging industry standards and to technological developments by its competitors and customers;

11 

Table of Contents

•

 renewal rates for enterprise license agreements, or ELA’s, as original ELA terms expire; 

•

 the timing and amount of capitalized software development costs beginning when technological feasibility has been established and ending when the
product is available for general release; 

•

 unplanned events that could affect market perception of the quality or cost-effectiveness of VMware’s products and solutions; and

•

 the recoverability of benefits from goodwill and intangible assets and the potential impairment of these assets. 

Our stock price is volatile and may be affected by the trading price of VMware Class A common stock and/or speculation about the possibility of
future actions we might take in connection with our VMware stock ownership. 

Our stock price, like that of
other technology companies, is subject to significant volatility because of factors such as: 

•

 the announcement of acquisitions, new products, services or technological innovations by us or our competitors; 

•

 quarterly variations in our operating results; 

•

 changes in revenue or earnings estimates by the investment community; and 

•

 speculation in the press or investment community. 

The trading price of our common stock has been and likely will continue to be affected by various factors related to
VMware, including: 

•

 the trading price for VMware Class A common stock; 

•

 actions taken or statements made by us, VMware, or others concerning the potential separation of VMware from us, including by spin-off, split-off or
sale; and 

•

 factors impacting the financial performance of VMware, including those discussed in the prior risk factor. 

In addition, although we own a majority of VMware and consolidate their results, our stock price may not reflect our pro
rata ownership interest of VMware. 

We may be unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological and market changes. 

The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions,
evolving industry standards and changing needs of customers. There can be no assurance that our existing products will be properly positioned in the market or that we will be able to introduce new or enhanced products into the market on a timely
basis, or at all. We spend a considerable amount of money on research and development and introduce new products from time to time. There can be no assurance that enhancements to existing products and solutions or new products and solutions will
receive customer acceptance. As competition in the IT industry increases, it may become increasingly difficult for us to maintain a technological advantage and to leverage that advantage toward increased revenues and profits. In addition, there can
be no assurance that our vision of enabling hybrid cloud computing through infrastructure and application transformation will be accepted or validated in the marketplace. 

Risks associated with the development and introduction of new products include delays in development and changes in data
storage, networking virtualization, infrastructure management, information security and operating system technologies which could require us to modify existing products. Risks inherent in the transition to new products include: 

•

 the difficulty in forecasting customer preferences or demand accurately; 

•

 the inability to expand production capacity to meet demand for new products; 

•

 the impact of customers’ demand for new products on the products being replaced, thereby causing a decline in sales of existing products and an
excessive, obsolete supply of inventory; and 

•

 delays in initial shipments of new products. 

Further risks inherent in new product introductions include the uncertainty of price-performance relative to products of
competitors, competitors’ responses to the introductions and the desire by customers to evaluate new products for extended periods of time. Our failure to introduce new or enhanced products on a timely basis, keep pace with rapid industry,
technological or market changes or effectively manage the transitions to new products or new technologies could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

The markets we serve are highly competitive and we may be unable to compete effectively. 

We compete with many companies in the markets we serve, certain of which offer a broad spectrum of IT products and
services and others which offer specific information storage, protection, security, management, virtualization and intelligence 

12 

Table of Contents

products or services. Some of these companies (whether independently or by establishing alliances) may have substantially greater financial, marketing and technological resources, larger
distribution capabilities, earlier access to customers and greater opportunity to address customers’ various IT requirements than us. In addition, as the IT industry consolidates, companies may improve their competitive position and ability to
compete against us. We compete on the basis of our products’ features, performance and price as well as our services. Our failure to compete on any of these bases could affect demand for our products or services, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Companies may develop new
technologies or products in advance of us or establish business models or technologies disruptive to us. Our business may be materially adversely affected by the announcement or introduction of new products, including hardware and software products
and services by our competitors, and the implementation of effective marketing or sales strategies by our competitors. The material adverse effect to our business could include a decrease in demand for our products and services and an increase in
the length of our sales cycle due to customers taking longer to compare products and services and to complete their purchases. 

We may have
difficulty managing operations. 

Our future operating results will depend on our overall ability to manage
operations, which includes, among other things: 

•

 retaining and hiring, as required, the appropriate number of qualified employees; 

•

 managing, protecting and enhancing, as appropriate, our infrastructure, including but not limited to, our information systems (and such
systems’ ability to protect confidential information residing on the systems) and internal controls; 

•

 accurately forecasting revenues; 

•

 training our sales force to sell more software and services; 

•

 successfully integrating new acquisitions; 

•

 managing inventory levels, including minimizing excess and obsolete inventory, while maintaining sufficient inventory to meet customer demands;

•

 controlling expenses; 

•

 managing our manufacturing capacity, real estate facilities and other assets; and 

•

 executing on our plans. 

An unexpected decline in revenues without a corresponding and timely reduction in expenses or a failure to manage other aspects of our operations could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

Our investment portfolio could experience a decline in market value which could adversely
affect our financial results. 

We held $5.4 billion in short- and long-term investments as of
December 31, 2010. The investments are invested primarily in investment grade debt securities, and we limit the amount of investment with any one issuer. A further deterioration in the economy, including a tightening of credit markets,
increased defaults by issuers, or significant volatility in interest rates, could cause the investments to decline in value or could impact the liquidity of the portfolio. If market conditions deteriorate significantly, our results of operations or
financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Our business may suffer if we are unable to retain or attract key personnel.

Our business depends to a significant extent on the continued service of senior management and other key
employees, the development of additional management personnel and the hiring of new qualified employees. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in retaining existing personnel or recruiting new personnel. The loss of one or more key or
other employees, our inability to attract additional qualified employees or the delay in hiring key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our quarterly revenues and earnings could be materially adversely affected by uneven sales patterns and changing purchasing behaviors.

Our quarterly sales have historically reflected an uneven pattern in which a disproportionate percentage
of a quarter’s total sales occur in the last month and weeks and days of each quarter. This pattern makes prediction of revenues, earnings and working capital for each financial period especially difficult and uncertain and increases the risk
of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition. We believe this uneven sales pattern is a result of many factors including: 

•

 the relative dollar amount of our product and services offerings in relation to many of our customers’ budgets, resulting in long lead times
for customers’ budgetary approval, which tends to be given late in a quarter; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 the tendency of customers to wait until late in a quarter to commit to purchase in the hope of obtaining more favorable pricing from one or more
competitors seeking their business; 

•

 the fourth quarter influence of customers’ spending their remaining capital budget authorization prior to new budget constraints in the first
nine months of the following year; and 

•

 seasonal influences. 

Our uneven sales pattern also makes it extremely difficult to predict near-term demand and adjust manufacturing capacity or our supply chain accordingly. If predicted demand is substantially greater than
orders, there will be excess inventory. Alternatively, if orders substantially exceed predicted demand, the ability to assemble, test and ship orders received in the last weeks and days of each quarter may be limited, which could materially
adversely affect quarterly revenues and earnings. 

In addition, our revenues in any quarter are substantially
dependent on orders booked and shipped in that quarter and our backlog at any particular time is not necessarily indicative of future sales levels. This is because: 

•

 we assemble our products on the basis of our forecast of near-term demand and maintain inventory in advance of receipt of firm orders from
customers; 

•

 we generally ship products shortly after receipt of the order; and 

•

 customers may generally reschedule or cancel orders with little or no penalty. 

Loss of infrastructure, due to factors such as an information systems failure, loss of public utilities, natural
disasters or extreme weather conditions, could impact our ability to ship products in a timely manner. Delays in product shipping or an unexpected decline in revenues without a corresponding and timely slowdown in expenses, could intensify the
impact of these factors on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition,
unanticipated changes in our customers’ purchasing behaviors such as customers taking longer to negotiate and complete their purchases or making smaller, incremental purchases based on their current needs, also make the prediction of revenues,
earnings and working capital for each financial period difficult and uncertain and increase the risk of unanticipated variations in our quarterly results and financial condition. 

Risks associated with our distribution channels may materially adversely affect our financial results. 

In addition to our direct sales force, we have agreements in place with many distributors, systems integrators, resellers and original equipment manufacturers to market and sell our products and services.
We may, from time to time, derive a significant percentage of our revenues from such distribution channels. Our financial results could be materially adversely affected if our contracts with channel partners were terminated, if our relationship with
channel partners were to deteriorate, if the financial condition of our channel partners were to weaken, if our channel partners were not able to timely and effectively implement their planned actions or if the level of demand for our channel
partners’ products and services were to decrease. In addition, as our market opportunities change, we may have an increased reliance on channel partners, which may negatively impact our gross margins. There can be no assurance that we will be
successful in maintaining or expanding these channels. If we are not successful, we may lose sales opportunities, customers and market share. Furthermore, the partial reliance on channel partners may materially reduce the visibility to our
management of potential customers and demand for products and services, thereby making it more difficult to accurately forecast such demand. In addition, there can be no assurance that our channel partners will not develop, market or sell products
or services or acquire other companies that develop, market or sell products or services in competition with us in the future. 

In addition, as we focus on new market opportunities and additional customers through our various distribution channels, including small-to-medium sized businesses, we may be required to provide different
levels of service and support than we typically provided in the past. We may have difficulty managing directly or indirectly through our channels these different service and support requirements and may be required to incur substantial costs to
provide such services which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Due to the
global nature of our business, political, economic or regulatory changes or other factors in a specific country or region could impair our international operations, future revenue or financial condition. 

A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from sales outside the United States including, increasingly, in rapid
growth markets such as Brazil, Russia, India and China. In addition, a substantial portion of our products is manufactured outside of the United States. Accordingly, our future results could be materially adversely affected by a variety of factors
relating to our operations outside the United States, including, among others, the following: 

•

 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in a specific country’s or region’s economic conditions; 

•

 political or social unrest, such as recent developments in Egypt, where we have a research and development facility; 

•

 trade restrictions; 

•

 import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 the overlap of different tax structures or changes in international tax laws; 

•

 changes in regulatory requirements; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

•

 stringent privacy policies in some foreign countries; 

•

 compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and 

•

 longer payment cycles in certain countries. 

Foreign operations, particularly in those countries with developing economies, are also subject to risks of violations of
laws prohibiting improper payments and bribery, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar regulations in foreign jurisdictions. Although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, our
employees, contractors and agents may take actions in violation of our policies. Any such violations, even if prohibited by our policies, could subject us to civil or criminal penalties or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and
reputation. 

In addition, we hold a significant portion of our cash and investments in our international
subsidiaries. Potential regulations could impact our ability to transfer the cash and investments to the United States. Should we desire to repatriate cash, we may incur a significant tax obligation. 

We operate a Venezuelan sales subsidiary in which the Bolivar is the functional currency. Due to limitations in
accessing the dollar at the official exchange rate, we have utilized the “System for Transactions in Foreign Currency Securities” or SITME rate, which is the available market rate in the country to translate the foreign currency
denominated balance sheet. Our operations in Venezuela include U.S. dollar-denominated assets and liabilities which we remeasure to Bolivars. The remeasurement may result in transaction gains or losses. We have used either the
official exchange rate or the parallel exchange rate to remeasure these balances based upon the expected rate at which we believe the items will be settled. As a result of continued hyper-inflation in Venezuela, effective in 2010, we have modified
the functional currency to be the U.S. dollar. As a result of this change, Bolivar-denominated transactions will be subject to exchange gains and losses that may impact our earnings. While we do not believe this change will have a material
impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, these items could be adversely affected if there is a significant change in exchange rates. 

Security breaches could expose us to liability and our reputation and business could suffer. 

We retain sensitive data, including intellectual property, books of record and personally identifiable information, in our secure data centers and on our networks. It is critical to our business strategy
that our infrastructure remains secure and is perceived by customers and partners to be secure. Despite our security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or other disruptive problems. Any such security breach may
compromise information stored on our networks. Such an occurrence could negatively affect our reputation as a trusted provider of information infrastructure by adversely affecting the market’s perception of the security or reliability of our
products or services. 

Undetected problems in our products could directly impair our financial results. 

If flaws in design, production, assembly or testing of our products (by us or our suppliers) were to occur, we could
experience a rate of failure in our products that would result in substantial repair, replacement or service costs and potential damage to our reputation. Continued improvement in manufacturing capabilities, control of material and manufacturing
quality and costs and product testing are critical factors in our future growth. There can be no assurance that our efforts to monitor, develop, modify and implement appropriate test and manufacturing processes for our products will be sufficient to
permit us to avoid a rate of failure in our products that results in substantial delays in shipment, significant repair or replacement costs or potential damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations or financial condition. 

Our business could be materially adversely affected as a result of the risks associated with
alliances. 

We have alliances with leading information technology companies and we plan to continue our
strategy of developing key alliances in order to expand our reach into markets. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in our ongoing strategic alliances or that we will be able to find further suitable business relationships as we
develop new products and strategies. Any failure to continue or expand such relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

15 

Table of Contents

There can be no assurance that companies with which we have strategic
alliances, certain of which have substantially greater financial, marketing or technological resources than us, will not develop or market products in competition with us in the future, discontinue their alliances with us or form alliances with our
competitors. 

Our business may suffer if we cannot protect our intellectual property. 

We generally rely upon patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and contract rights in the United States and in
other countries to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our technology and products. However, there can be no assurance that any of our proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. In addition, the laws of
certain countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized
third-party copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain licenses to any technology that we may require to conduct our business or that, if obtainable, such
technology can be licensed at a reasonable cost. 

From time to time, we receive notices from third parties
claiming infringement by our products of third-party patent or other intellectual property rights. Responding to any such claim, regardless of its merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and
resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. In the event there is a temporary or permanent injunction entered prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our products or a successful claim of infringement against us requiring us to
pay royalties to a third party, and we fail to develop or license a substitute technology, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, although we believe we have adequate security measures, if our network security is penetrated and our
intellectual property or other sensitive data is misappropriated, we could suffer monetary and other losses and reputational harm, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We may become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us. 

From time to time, we may become involved in various legal proceedings relating to matters incidental to the ordinary
course of our business, including patent, commercial, product liability, employment, class action, whistleblower and other litigation and claims, and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. Such matters can be
time-consuming, divert management’s attention and resources and cause us to incur significant expenses. Furthermore, because litigation is inherently unpredictable, there can be no assurance that the results of any of these actions will not
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Issues arising during the upgrade of our
enterprise resource planning system could affect our operating results and ability to manage our business effectively. 

We are in the process of upgrading our enterprise resource planning, or ERP, computer system to enhance operating efficiencies and provide more effective management of our business operations. The
upgrade, or our failure to implement the upgrade, could cause substantial business interruption that could adversely impact our operating results. We are investing significant financial and personnel resources into this project. However, there is no
assurance that the design will meet our current and future business needs or that it will operate as designed. We are heavily dependent on such computer systems, and any significant failure or delay in the system upgrade, if encountered, could cause
a substantial interruption to our business and additional expense which could result in an adverse impact on our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 

We may have exposure to additional income tax liabilities. 

As a multinational corporation, we are subject to income taxes in both the United States and various foreign
jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of revenues and expenses in different jurisdictions and the timing of recognizing revenues and expenses. Additionally, the amount of income taxes paid is
subject to our interpretation of applicable tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we file and changes to tax laws. From time to time, we are subject to income tax audits. While we believe we have complied with all applicable income tax laws, there
can be no assurance that a governing tax authority will not have a different interpretation of the law and assess us with additional taxes. Should we be assessed with additional taxes, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of
operations or financial condition. 

In February 2010, President Obama, as part of the Administration’s FY
2011 budget, proposed changing certain of the U.S. tax rules for U.S. corporations doing business outside the United States. The proposed changes include limiting the ability of U.S. corporations to deduct certain expenses attributable to
offshore earnings, modifying the foreign tax credit rules and taxing currently certain transfers of intangibles offshore. In August 2010, President Obama signed into law H.R. 1586 (commonly known as the

16 

Table of Contents

Education Jobs and Medicaid Assistance Act), which included several international tax provisions with minimal impact on the Company’s effective tax rate. Although the scope of future
changes is unclear, revisions to the taxation of international income continue to be a topic of conversation for the Obama Administration and the U.S. Congress. As the enactment of some or all of these proposals could increase the Company’s
effective tax rate and adversely affect our profitability, we will continue to monitor them. 

During 2010, the
IRS announced and finalized Schedule UTP, Uncertain Tax Positions Statement. This schedule is an annual disclosure of certain federal UTPs, ranked in order of magnitude. According to the IRS, the disclosure is to include “a concise description
of the tax position, including a description of the relevant facts affecting the tax treatment of the position and information that reasonably can be expected to apprise the Service of the identity of the tax position.” As a result of this
disclosure, the amount of taxes we would have to pay in the future could increase. 

In December 2010, the
President signed into law H.R. 4853, Tax Relief, Unemployment Insurance Reauthorization, and Job Creation Act of 2010, which included an extension of a number of expired tax provisions retroactively to 2010 and prospectively through 2011. Among the
extended tax provisions was the research and development tax credit, which provides a significant reduction in our effective tax rate. The renewal of this credit beyond 2011 is uncertain. 

Changes in regulations could materially adversely affect us. 

Our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected if laws, regulations or standards relating to us or our products are newly implemented or changed. In
addition, our compliance with existing regulations may have a material adverse impact on us. Under applicable federal securities laws, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our
internal control structure and procedures for financial reporting. Should we or our independent auditors determine that we have material weaknesses in our internal controls, our results of operations or financial condition may be materially
adversely affected or our stock price may decline. In March 2010, President Obama signed into law a comprehensive health care reform package. We cannot currently determine the impact that such legislation could have on our business, results of
operations or financial condition. 

Changes in generally accepted accounting principles may adversely affect us. 

From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) promulgates new accounting principles that
could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. The FASB is currently contemplating a number of new accounting pronouncements which, if approved, could materially change our reported results. Such changes
could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. 

Our business could be materially adversely
affected as a result of the risks associated with acquisitions and investments. 

As part of our business
strategy, we seek to acquire businesses that offer complementary products, services or technologies. These acquisitions are accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in an acquisition of a business, which may include, among other things:

•

 the effect of the acquisition on our financial and strategic position and reputation; 

•

 the failure of an acquired business to further our strategies; 

•

 the failure of the acquisition to result in expected benefits, which may include benefits relating to enhanced revenues, technology, human
resources, cost savings, operating efficiencies and other synergies; 

•

 the difficulty and cost of integrating the acquired business, including costs and delays in implementing common systems and procedures and costs and
delays caused by communication difficulties or geographic distances between the two companies’ sites; 

•

 the assumption of liabilities of the acquired business, including litigation-related liability; 

•

 the potential impairment of acquired assets; 

•

 the lack of experience in new markets, products or technologies or the initial dependence on unfamiliar supply or distribution partners;

•

 the diversion of our management’s attention from other business concerns; 

•

 the impairment of relationships with customers or suppliers of the acquired business or our customers or suppliers; 

•

 the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; and 

•

 the potential incompatibility of business cultures. 

These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. To the
extent that we issue shares of our common stock or other rights to purchase our common stock in connection with any future acquisition, existing shareholders may experience dilution. Additionally, regardless of the form of consideration issued,
acquisitions could negatively impact our net income and our earnings per share. 

17 

Table of Contents

In addition to the risks commonly encountered in the acquisition of a
business as described above, we may also experience risks relating to the challenges and costs of closing a transaction. Further, the risks described above may be exacerbated as a result of managing multiple acquisitions at the same time.

We also seek to invest in businesses that offer complementary products, services or technologies. These
investments are accompanied by risks similar to those encountered in an acquisition of a business. 

Our pension plan assets are subject to
market volatility. 

We have a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan assumed as part of our Data
General acquisition. The plan’s assets are invested in common stocks, bonds and cash. The expected long-term rate of return on the plan’s assets is 6.75%. This rate represents the average of the expected long-term rates of return weighted
by the plan’s assets as of December 31, 2010. We have begun to shift, and may continue to shift in the future, its asset allocation to lower the percentage of investment in equity securities and increase the percentage of investments in
fixed-income securities. The effect of such change could result in a reduction in the long-term rate on plan assets and an increase in future pension expense. As of December 31, 2010, the ten-year historical rate of return on plan assets was
4.1%, and the inception to date return on plan assets was 9.8%. In 2010, we experienced a 12.6% gain on plan assets. Should we not achieve the expected rate of return on the plan’s assets or if the plan experiences a decline in the fair value
of its assets, we may be required to contribute assets to the plan which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

Our business could be materially adversely affected by changes in regulations or standards regarding energy use of our products. 

We continually seek ways to increase the energy efficiency of our products. Recent analyses have estimated the amount of
global carbon emissions that are due to information technology products. As a result, governmental and non-governmental organizations have turned their attention to development of regulations and standards to drive technological improvements and
reduce such amount of carbon emissions. There is a risk that the development of these standards will not fully address the complexity of the technology developed by the IT industry or will favor certain technological approaches. Depending on the
regulations or standards that are ultimately adopted, compliance could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our business could be materially adversely affected as a result of war, acts of terrorism or natural disasters. 

Terrorist acts, acts of war, natural disasters or other indirect effects of climate change may cause damage or disruption
to our employees, facilities, customers, partners, suppliers, distributors and resellers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Such events may also cause damage or disruption to
transportation and communication systems and to our ability to manage logistics in such an environment, including receipt of components and distribution of products.