”.

For detailed information about permitting on the Springer
property, please refer to the technical report, titled “Preliminary
Economic Assessment on the Springer Tungsten Mine, Pershing County,
Nevada,

USA” 
available for public review at

www.sedar.com.

For detailed information about permitting on the Nyngan
property, please see the report, titled, “NI 43-101 Technical Report on the
Nyngan Gilgai Scandium Project, Jervois Mining Limited, Nyngan, New South Wales,
Australia” available for public review at 
www.sedar.com.

Employees 

As at January 1, 2013, we have 9 full and part time employees
and 1 individual working on a consulting basis. Our operations are managed by
our officers with input from our directors. We engage geological, metallurgical,
and engineering consultants from time to time as required to assist in
evaluating our property interests and recommending and conducting work programs.



In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this
registration statement, the following are certain material risks and
uncertainties that are specific to our industry and properties that could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

12

Risks Associated with the Springer Project 

We may not be able to utilize the Springer Property.

The Springer property, which includes an existing mine and refurbished
mill facility, constitutes our largest asset. In September of 2008, we suspended
work on the Springer property and placed the facility on care and maintenance
pending improvement in the global financial markets and strengthening tungsten
prices. While tungsten prices have improved, and we are seeking to resume
operations, significant additional capital and additional management resources
will be required. Our inability to obtain such management and capital will
result in the Springer property continuing to be on care and maintenance.

The price of tungsten is subject to significant
volatility. 
If we elect to operate the Springer mine and mill, there is
no certainty that economic conditions or tungsten prices will not again
deteriorate, and that production at the Springer Mine will need to be suspended
again. To the extent tungsten prices may deteriorate after we commence
operations, such operations may not be profitable resulting in the closure of
the mine and mill, and resulting loss in value of our company to investors.

We may incur a loss if we sell the Springer property.

The Springer property has a significant book value on our financial
statements. We are currently considering selling the Springer property as a
strategic alternative to operation. There is no assurance that a suitable buyer
can be found for the property, or that the terms of such a sale will not result
in a financial loss to us. To the extent we cannot find a suitable buyer or
other strategic party, we may have to sell the property at a significant loss,
resulting in a reduced asset value of the company as a whole, and a reduction in
available funds for other corporate purposes. These factors may result in a
reduction in the market price of our shares.

Risks Associated with the Nyngan Project 

If we are not able to complete acquisition of the Nyngan
Project our share price may decline. 
We are subject to payment
requirements pursuant to our settlement agreement with Jervois. There is no
assurance that we will meet our payment obligations, and if we are unable to
meet the obligations then the project will revert to Jervois. The loss of this
project would likely significantly reduce the market price of our shares. 

There are technical challenges to scandium production
that may render the project not economic. 
There is no assurance that we
will demonstrate economic viability on the Nyngan resource. The economics of
scandium recovery are known to be challenging. There are very few facilities
producing scandium and the existing scandium producers are secretive in their
techniques for recovery. In addition, the recovery of scandium product from
laterite resources, such as at the Nyngan deposit, has not been demonstrated at
an operating facility. The Nyngan processing facility design, if constructed,
will be the first of its kind for scandium production. These factors increase
the possibility that we will encounter unknown or unanticipated production and
processing risks. Should any of these risks become actual, they could increase
the cost of production thereby reducing margins on the project or rendering the
project uneconomic. 

There is no guarantee that we will be able to finance the
Nyngan Project for production. 
Any decision to proceed with production
on the Nyngan Project will require significant production financing. Scandium
projects are very rare and economic and production uncertainty may limit our
ability to attract the required amount of capital to put the project into
production. If we are unable to source production financing on commercially
viable terms, we may not be able to proceed with the project and may have to
write-off our investment in the project. 

13

If we are successful at achieving production, we may have
difficulty selling Scandium. 
Scandium is characterized by unreliable
supply, resulting in limited development of markets for scandium oxide. Markets
may take longer to develop than anticipated, and Nyngan and other potential
scandium producers may have to wait for products and applications to create
adequate demand. Certain applications may require lengthy certification
processes that could delay usage or acceptance. In addition certain scandium
applications require very high purity scandium product, which is much more
difficult to produce than lower Grade product. If we commence production, our
inability to supply scandium in sufficient quantities, in a reliable and timely
manner, and in the correct quality, could reduce the demand for any scandium
produced from our projects and possibly render the project uneconomic.

Risks Associated with the Carlin Vanadium Property

There are technical challenges to production of Vanadium
from the property that may reduce the value of the property. 
The Carlin
property hosts vanadium contained in a black shale. This vanadium host is known
to present challenging processing issues in the separation of vanadium.
Techniques to separate vanadium in this environment are complex. As a result,
shareholders may never see the property developed due to technical risks, and
similarly the value of the property may be greatly reduced if such technical
risks present an obstacle to further exploration or development of the property.

Industry requirements may limit market opportunities for
vanadium production. 
New battery technologies are emerging that rely on
vanadium, these markets may take longer than expected to develop and increase
vanadium demand. These battery technologies require high purity vanadium
product, which is difficult and costly to produce. The purity of any vanadium
that may in the future be extracted from the Carlin property is unknown and
uncertain. The inability to produce vanadium with sufficient purity for market
purposes will likely reduce the economic prospects of any proposed development
of the property. 

General Risks Associated with our Mining Activities and
Company

We may not receive permits necessary to proceed with the
development of a mining project. 
The development of any of our