In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this
registration statement, the following are certain material risks and
uncertainties that are specific to our industry and properties that could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Risks Associated with the Nyngan Scandium Project

There are technical challenges to scandium production
that may render the project not economic.

There is no assurance that we will demonstrate economic
viability on the Nyngan resource. The economics of scandium recovery are known
to be challenging. There are very few facilities producing scandium and the
existing scandium producers are secretive in their techniques for recovery. In
addition, the recovery of scandium product from laterite resources, such as are
found on the Nyngan property, has not been demonstrated at an operating
facility. The Nyngan processing facility design, if constructed, will be the
first of its kind for scandium production. These factors increase the
possibility that we will encounter unknown or unanticipated production and
processing risks. Should any of these risks become actual, they could increase
the cost of production thereby reducing margins on the project or rendering the
project uneconomic.

There is no guarantee that we will be able to finance the
Nyngan Scandium Project for production.

Any decision to proceed with production on the Nyngan Scandium
Project will require significant production financing. Scandium projects are
uncommon, and economic and production uncertainty may limit our ability to
attract the required amount of capital to put the project into production. If we
are unable to source production financing on commercially viable terms, we may
not be able to proceed with the project and may have to write off our investment
in the project.

12

If we are successful at achieving production, we may have
difficulty selling scandium.

 Scandium is characterized by
unreliable supply, resulting in limited development of markets for scandium
oxide. Markets may take longer to develop than anticipated, and Nyngan and other
potential scandium producers may have to wait for products and applications to
create adequate demand. Certain applications may require lengthy certification
processes that could delay usage or acceptance. In addition certain scandium
applications require very high purity scandium product, which is much more
difficult to produce than lower grade product. If we commence production, our
inability to supply scandium in sufficient quantities, in a reliable and timely
manner, and in the correct quality, could reduce the demand for any scandium
produced from our projects and possibly render the project uneconomic. 

General Risks Associated with our Mining Activities and
Company 

We may not receive permits necessary to proceed with the
development of a mining project. 
The development of any of our