In addition to factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report, the following are the material known factors, risks, and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report and elsewhere from time to time. See "Forward-Looking Statements". The risks described below should be carefully considered, some of which have manifested and any of which may occur in the future, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report before making an investment decision with respect to any of the Company's securities. The following risk factors are not necessarily presented in the order of importance. In addition, there may be other factors, not currently known to the Company, which could, in the future, materially adversely affect the Company, its business, financial condition, or results of operations. This and other related disclosures made by the Company in this Annual Report, and elsewhere from time to time, represent management's best judgment as of the date the information is given. The Company does not undertake responsibility for updating any of such information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. Investors are advised, however, to consult any further public Company disclosures (such as in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in Company press releases, or in other public Company presentations) on related subjects.

Risks Related to Global Economy and Industry Conditions

Continued uncertain conditions in the global economy, labor market, and financial markets could negatively impact the Company.

The Company's business and operating results were impacted by the last global recession, and its related impacts, such as the credit market crisis, declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices, volatile exchange rates, and other challenges that impacted the global economy. Similarly, as a company which operates and sells products worldwide, uncertainty in the global economy, labor market, and capital markets (including impacts from inflation, higher interest rates, the continuing COVID-19 pandemic and subsequent changes and disruptions in business, political, and economic conditions) have impacted and may adversely impact demand for and the costs of certain Eastman products and accordingly results of operations, and may adversely impact the Company's financial condition and cash flows and ability to access the credit and capital markets under attractive rates and terms and negatively impact the Company's liquidity or ability to pursue certain growth initiatives.

Both domestic and international markets experienced significant inflationary pressures in 2022 and inflation rates in the U.S., as well as in other countries in which the Company operates, are currently expected to continue at elevated levels for the near-term. In addition, the Federal Reserve in the U.S. and other central banks in various countries have raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation, which, coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. Interest rate increases or other government actions taken to reduce inflation could also result in recessionary pressures in many parts of the world.

Volatility in costs for strategic raw material and energy commodities or disruption in the supply and transportation of these commodities and in transportation of company products could adversely impact the Company's financial results.

Eastman is reliant on certain strategic raw material and energy commodities for its operations and utilizes certain risk management tools to mitigate market fluctuations in raw material and energy costs. The cost and availability of these raw materials and energy commodities can be adversely impacted by factors such as business and economic conditions, anomalous severe weather events, natural disasters, the global COVID-19 pandemic, plant interruptions, supply chain and transportation disruptions (related to the global COVID-19 pandemic and otherwise), changes in laws or regulations, levels of unemployment and inflation, currency exchange rates, higher interest rates, war or other outbreak of hostilities or terrorism (such as the ongoing Russia/Ukraine conflict), and breakdown or degradation of transportation and supply chain infrastructure. 

50

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Recent inflationary pressures affecting the general economy, energy markets, and certain raw materials have increased the Company's operating costs. For example, inflationary pressures in 2022 have resulted in increased costs for energy and feedstocks such as natural gas, paraxylene, vinyl acetate monomer, polyvinyl alcohol, and others. While inflation in these and other inputs has increased operating costs, the Company has undertaken efforts to offset many of these costs through pricing actions, including contract terms and some surcharges, contracts leveraged to multiple market indices, alternative supply arrangements, and hedging strategies, however, these risk mitigation measures do not eliminate all exposure to market fluctuations.

In addition to these inflationary pressures, the Company has experienced certain supply chain challenges impacting its ability to secure certain raw materials and timely distribute products to customers. For example, the global supply chain disruptions have impacted the availability of certain raw materials such as ammonia, methanol, and toluene. To mitigate the effects of these and other supply chain disruptions, the Company has implemented multifaceted sourcing, warehousing, and delivery strategies to focus on building resilient and redundant supply positions, and minimizing disruptions to customers by using alternate shipping methods to expedite delivery times. The Company's geographic footprint has also helped reduce exposure to localized risks.

Prolonged periods of heightened inflation or continued or worsening supply chain disruptions could have a material, adverse impact on the Company's financial performance and results of operations.

The Company's substantial global operations subject it to risks of doing business in other countries, including U.S. and non-U.S. trade relations, which could adversely impact its business, financial condition, and results of operations.

More than half of Eastman's sales for 2022 were to customers outside of North America. The Company expects sales from international markets to continue to represent a significant portion of its sales. Also, a significant portion of the Company's manufacturing capacity is located outside of the United States. Accordingly, the Company's business is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, cultural, social and regulatory requirements, and economic conditions of many jurisdictions including the unique geographic impacts of the global COVID-19 pandemic. Fluctuations in exchange rates may impact product demand and may adversely impact the profitability in U.S. dollars of products and services provided in foreign countries. In addition, the U.S. and foreign countries have imposed and may impose additional taxes or otherwise tax Eastman's foreign income (see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates - Income Taxes" in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report). For example, the Organization for Economic Development has proposed the introduction of a global minimum tax. While details around the timing and impact of a global minimum tax are uncertain, if enacted, the Company may experience an increase in tax obligations in jurisdictions it conducts business. 

The U.S. and foreign countries may also adopt or increase restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls, tariffs or other taxes, or limitations on imports or exports (including recent and proposed changes in U.S. trade policy and resulting retaliatory actions by other countries, including China, which have recently reduced and which may increasingly reduce demand for and increase costs of impacted products or result in U.S.-based trade counterparties limiting trade with U.S.-based companies or non-U.S. customers limiting their purchases from U.S.-based companies). Certain legal and political risks are also inherent in the operation of a company with Eastman's global scope. For example, it may be more difficult for Eastman to enforce its agreements or collect receivables through foreign legal systems, and the laws of some countries may not protect the Company's intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. Failure of foreign countries to have laws to protect Eastman's intellectual property rights or an inability to effectively enforce such rights in foreign countries could result in loss of valuable proprietary information. There is also risk that foreign governments may nationalize private enterprises in certain countries where Eastman operates. Social and cultural norms in certain countries may not support compliance with Eastman's corporate policies including those that require compliance with substantive laws and regulations. Also, changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where Eastman operates are a risk to the Company's financial performance. As Eastman continues to operate its business globally, its success will depend, in part, on its ability to anticipate and effectively manage and mitigate these and other related risks. There can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to its multinational operations will not have an adverse impact on Eastman's business, financial condition, or results of operations.

51

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Risks Related to the Company's Business and Strategy

The Company's business is subject to operating risks common to chemical and specialty materials manufacturing businesses, including cybersecurity risks, any of which could disrupt manufacturing operations or related infrastructure and adversely impact results of operations.

As a global specialty materials company, Eastman's business is subject to operating risks common to chemical manufacturing, storage, handling, and transportation, including explosions, fires, inclement weather, natural disasters, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, transportation and supply chain interruptions, remediation, chemical spills, and discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases. Significant limitation on the Company's ability to manufacture products due to disruption of manufacturing operations or related infrastructure could have a material adverse impact on the Company's sales revenue, costs, results of operations, credit ratings, and financial condition. Disruptions could occur due to internal factors such as computer or equipment malfunction (accidental or intentional), operator error, or process failures; or external factors such as supply chain disruption, computer or equipment malfunction at third-party service providers, natural disasters, changes in laws or regulations, war or other outbreak of hostilities or terrorism, cyber-attacks, or breakdown or degradation of transportation and supply chain infrastructure used for delivery of supplies to the Company or for delivery of products to customers. The Company has in the past experienced cyber-attacks and breaches of its computer information systems, although none of these have had a material adverse impact on the Company's operations and financial results. While the Company remains committed to managing cyber related risk, no assurances can be provided that any future disruptions due to these, or other, circumstances will not have a material impact on operations (see "Business - Eastman Chemical Company General Information - Information Security" in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report). Unplanned disruptions of manufacturing operations or related infrastructure could be significant in scale and could negatively impact operations, neighbors, and the environment, and could have a negative impact on the Company's results of operations.

Growth initiatives may not achieve desired business or financial objectives and may require significant resources in addition to or different from those available or in excess of those estimated or budgeted for such initiatives.

Eastman continues to identify and pursue growth opportunities through both organic and inorganic initiatives, such as Eastman's sustainable innovation initiatives which aim to develop a more "circular economy." These and other growth opportunities include development and commercialization or licensing of innovative new products and technologies and related employee leadership, expertise, skill development and retention, expansion into new markets and geographic regions, alliances, ventures, and acquisitions that complement and extend the Company's portfolio of businesses and capabilities. Such initiatives are necessarily constrained by availability and development of additional resources, including development, attraction, and retention of employee leadership, application development, and sales and marketing talent and capabilities. There can be no assurance that such innovation, development and commercialization or licensing efforts, investments, or acquisitions and alliances (including integration of acquired businesses) will receive necessary governmental or regulatory approvals, or result in financially successful commercialization of products, or acceptance by existing or new customers, or successful entry into new markets or otherwise achieve their underlying strategic business objectives or that they will be beneficial to the Company's results of operations. There also can be no assurance that capital projects for growth efforts can be completed within the time or at the costs projected due, among other things, to demand for and availability of construction materials and labor and obtaining regulatory approvals and operating permits and reaching agreement on terms of key agreements and arrangements with potential suppliers and customers. Any such delays or cost overruns or the inability to obtain such approvals or to reach such agreements on acceptable terms could negatively impact the returns from any proposed or current investments and projects.

52

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Significant acquisitions or divestitures could expose the Company to risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of any of which could materially adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition, and results of operations.

While acquisitions and divestitures have been and continue to be a part of Eastman's strategy, acquisitions of large companies and acquisitions or divestitures of businesses subject the Company to a number of risks and uncertainties, the occurrence of any of which could have a material adverse effect on Eastman. These include, but are not limited to, the possibility that the actual and projected future financial performance of the acquired or remaining business may be significantly worse than expected and that, in the case of an acquired business and as reported in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Critical Accounting Estimates - Impairment of Long-Lived Assets - Goodwill" in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report, the carrying values of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, and certain assets from acquisitions may, as has been the case for certain acquired assets, be impaired resulting in non-cash charges to future earnings and, in the case of a divested business, the divestiture could reduce Eastman's revenue and, potentially, margins and increase its costs and liabilities in the form of transition costs and retained liabilities from the operations divested, including environmental liabilities; that significant additional indebtedness may constrain the Company's ability to access the credit and capital markets at attractive interest rates and favorable terms, which may negatively impact the Company's liquidity or ability to pursue certain growth initiatives; that the Company may not be able to achieve the cost, revenue, tax, or other "synergies" expected from any acquisition, or that there may be delays in achieving any such synergies; that management's time and effort may be dedicated to the integration of the new business or specific assets or product lines or separation of the divested business or specific assets or product lines resulting in a loss of focus on the successful operation of the Company's legacy businesses; and that the Company may be required to expend significant additional resources in order to integrate any acquired business or specific assets or product lines into Eastman or separate any divested business or specific assets or product lines from Eastman, or that the integration or separation efforts will not achieve the expected benefits.

Risks Related to Regulatory Changes and Compliance

Legislative, regulatory, or voluntary actions, including associated with physical impacts of climate change, could increase the Company's future health, safety, and environmental compliance costs.

Eastman, its facilities, and its businesses are subject to complex health, safety, and environmental laws, regulations, and related voluntary actions, both in the U.S. and internationally, which require and will continue to require significant expenditures to remain in compliance with such laws, regulations, and voluntary actions. The Company's accruals for such costs and associated liabilities are subject to changes in estimates on which the accruals are based. For example, any amount accrued for environmental matters reflects the Company's assumptions about remediation requirements at the contaminated site, the nature of the remedy, the outcome of discussions with regulatory agencies and other potentially responsible parties at multi-party sites, and the number of and financial viability of other potentially responsible parties. Changes in the estimates on which the accruals are based, unanticipated government enforcement action, or changes in health, safety, environmental, chemical control regulations and actions, and testing requirements could result in higher costs. Specifically, while the Company's sustainability and "circular economy" innovation initiatives are sources of competitive strength (see "Business - Corporate Overview - Business Strategy - Circular Economy and Sustainability" in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report), future changes in legislation and regulation and related voluntary actions associated with physical impacts of climate change may increase the likelihood that the Company's manufacturing facilities will in the future be impacted by carbon requirements, regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, and energy policy, and may result in capital expenditures, increases in costs for raw materials and energy, limitations on raw material and energy source and supply choices, and other direct and indirect compliance or other costs or consequences including decreased demand for products related to carbon-based energy sources or increased demand for goods that result in lower emissions than competing products and reputational risk resulting from operations with greenhouse gas emissions. See "Business - Eastman Chemical Company General Information - Compliance With Environmental and Other Government Regulations" in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. 

53

ITEM 7A.
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Eastman has exposure to various market risks principally due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the pricing of various commodities, and interest rates. In an effort to manage these risks, the Company employs various strategies, including pricing, inventory management, and hedging. The Company enters into derivative contracts which are governed by policies, procedures, and internal processes set forth by its Board of Directors.

The Company determines its exposures to market risk by utilizing sensitivity analyses, which measure the potential losses in fair value resulting from one or more selected hypothetical changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, or interest rates.

Foreign Currency Risk

Due to a portion of the Company's operating cash flows and borrowings being denominated in foreign currencies, the Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The Company continually evaluates its foreign currency exposure based on current market conditions and the locations in which the Company conducts business. The Company manages most foreign currency exposures on a consolidated basis, which allows the Company to net certain exposures and take advantage of natural offsets. To mitigate foreign currency risk, from time to time, the Company enters into derivative instruments to hedge the cash flows related to certain sales and purchase transactions expected within a rolling three year period and denominated in foreign currencies, and enters into forward exchange contracts to hedge certain firm commitments denominated in foreign currencies. The gains and losses on these contracts offset changes in the value of related exposures. Additionally, the Company, from time to time, enters into non-derivative and derivative instruments to hedge the foreign currency exposure of the net investment in certain foreign operations. The foreign currency change in the designated investment values of the foreign subsidiaries will generally be offset by a foreign currency change in the carrying value of the euro-denominated borrowings. It is the Company's policy to enter into foreign currency derivative and non-derivative instruments only to the extent considered necessary to meet its objectives as stated above. The Company does not enter into foreign currency derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes. 

At December 31, 2022, the market risk associated with certain cash flows under these derivative transactions assuming a 10 percent adverse move in the U.S. dollar relative to these foreign currencies was $50 million, with an additional $4 million exposure for each additional one percentage point adverse change in those foreign currency rates. Since the Company utilizes currency-sensitive derivative instruments for hedging anticipated foreign currency transactions, a loss in fair value from those instruments is generally offset by an increase in the value of the underlying anticipated transactions. 

At December 31, 2022, a 10 percent fluctuation in the euro currency rate would have had a $196 million impact on the designated net investment values in the foreign subsidiaries. As a result of the designation of the euro-denominated borrowings and designated cross-currency interest rate swaps as hedges of the net investments, foreign currency translation gains and losses on the borrowings and designated cross-currency interest rate swaps are recorded as a component of the "Change in cumulative translation adjustment" within "Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax" in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive Income and Retained Earnings in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Therefore, a foreign currency change in the designated investment values of the foreign subsidiaries will generally be offset by a foreign currency change in the carrying value of the euro-denominated borrowings or the foreign currency change in the designated cross-currency interest rate swaps.

Commodity Risk

The Company is exposed to fluctuations in market prices for certain of its raw materials and energy, as well as contract sales of certain commodity products. To mitigate short-term fluctuations in market prices for certain commodities, principally propane, ethane, natural gas, paraxylene, ethylene, and benzene, as well as selling prices for ethylene, the Company enters into derivative transactions, from time to time, to hedge the cash flows related to certain sales and purchase transactions expected within a rolling three year period. At December 31, 2022, the market risk associated with these derivative contracts, assuming an instantaneous parallel shift in the underlying commodity price of 10 percent and no corresponding change in the selling price of finished goods, was $3 million, with an additional $300 thousand of exposure at December 31, 2022 for each one percentage point move in closing price thereafter.

54

Interest Rate Risk

Eastman is exposed to interest rate risk primarily as a result of its borrowing and investing activities, which include long-term borrowings used to maintain liquidity and to fund its business operations and capital requirements. The nature and amount of the Company's long-term and short-term debt may vary from time to time as a result of business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. The Company manages global interest rate exposure as part of regular operational and financing strategies. The Company had $825 million variable interest rate borrowings (including term loan borrowings and commercial paper borrowings) at December 31, 2022. 

Eastman may enter into interest rate swaps, collars, or similar instruments with the objective of reducing interest rate volatility relating to the Company's borrowing costs. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had interest rate swaps outstanding with notional values of $75 million. For purposes of calculating the market risks associated with the fair value of interest-rate-sensitive instruments, the Company uses a hypothetical 10 percent increase in interest rates. The corresponding market risk of the interest rate swap hedging the interest rate risk on the 3.8% bonds maturing March 2025 and the interest rate swap hedging the variability in interest rates for long-term debt issuances was $5 million as of December 31, 2022.

55

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

ITEM

Page

Management's Responsibility for Financial Statements

57

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 (PCAOB ID 238)

58

Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive Income and Retained Earnings

60

Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

61

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

62

Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements

Note 1.    Significant Accounting Policies

63

Note 2.    Divestiture
s

70

Note 3.    Inventories

71

Note 4.    Properties and Accumulated Depreciation

71

Note 5.    Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

72

Note 6.    Equity Investments

73

Note 7.    Payables and Other Current Liabilities

73

Note 8.    Income Taxes

73

Note 9.   Borrowings

77

Note 10.  Derivative and Non-Derivative Financial Instruments

78

Note 11.  Retirement Plans

84

Note 12.  Leases and Other Commitments

91

Note 13.  Environmental Matters and Asset Retirement Obligations

94

Note 14.  Legal Matters

96

Note 15.  Stockholders' Equity

97

Note 16.  Asset Impairments and Restructuring Charges, Net

100

Note 17.  Other (Income) Charges, Net

102

Note 18.  Share-Based Compensation Plans and Awards

102

Note 19.  Supplemental Cash Flow Information

105

Note 20.  Segment and Regional Sales Information

106

Note 21.  Reserve Rollforwards

110

56

MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSIBILITY FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Management is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the accompanying consolidated financial statements of Eastman Chemical Company ("Eastman" or the "Company"). Eastman has prepared these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, and the statements of necessity include some amounts that are based on management's best estimates and judgments.

Eastman's accounting systems include extensive internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurance of the reliability of its financial records and the proper safeguarding and use of its assets. Such controls are based on established policies and procedures, are implemented by trained, skilled personnel with an appropriate segregation of duties, and are monitored through a comprehensive internal audit program. The Company's policies and procedures prescribe that the Company and all employees are to maintain the highest ethical standards and that its business practices throughout the world are to be conducted in a manner that is above reproach.

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, who were responsible for conducting their audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Their report is included herein.

The Board of Directors exercises its responsibility for these financial statements through its Audit Committee, which consists entirely of non-management Board members. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and internal auditors have full and free access to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets periodically with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Eastman's Director of Corporate Audit Services, both privately and with management present, to discuss accounting, auditing, policies and procedures, internal controls, and financial reporting matters.

/s/ Mark J. Costa

/s/ William T. McLain, Jr.

Mark J. Costa

William T. McLain, Jr.

Chief Executive Officer

Senior Vice President and

Chief Financial Officer

February 15, 2023

February 15, 2023

57

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Eastman Chemical Company

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Eastman Chemical Company and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income and retained earnings, and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

58

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Annual Goodwill Impairment Assessment - Reporting Unit in the Additives & Functional Products Segment

As described in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's consolidated goodwill balance was $3,664 million as of December 31, 2022, and the goodwill associated with the Additives & Functional Products segment was $1,601 million. Management conducts testing of goodwill for impairment annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently when events and circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. Management used an income approach, specifically a discounted cash flow model, in testing the carrying value of goodwill of each reporting unit for impairment. As disclosed by management, key assumptions and estimates used in the Company's goodwill impairment testing included projections of revenues and earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), the estimated weighted average cost of capital (WACC) and a projected long-term growth rate. 

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment for a reporting unit in the Additives & Functional Products segment is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing the fair value estimate of the reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant assumptions related to projections of revenues and EBIT, the estimated WACC, and the projected long-term growth rate; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's goodwill impairment assessment, including controls over the valuation of a reporting unit in the Additives & Functional Products segment. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing management's process for developing the fair value estimate of a reporting unit in the Additives & Functional Products segment, (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the model, and (iv) evaluating the significant assumptions used by management related to projections of revenues and EBIT, the estimated WACC, and the projected long-term growth rate. Evaluating management's assumptions related to projections of revenues and EBIT and the projected long- term growth rate involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit, (ii) the consistency with external industry reports, and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the Company's discounted cash flow model and (ii) the reasonableness of the estimated WACC significant assumption.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Charlotte, North Carolina 

February 15, 2023 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1993.

59

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS, 

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME AND RETAINED EARNINGS

For years ended December 31,

(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

2022

2021

2020

Sales

$

10,580 

$

10,476 

$

8,473 

Cost of sales

8,443 

7,976 

6,498 

Gross profit

2,137 

2,500 

1,975 

Selling, general and administrative expenses

726 

795 

654 

Research and development expenses

264 

254 

226 

Asset impairments and restructuring charges, net

52 

47 

227 

Other components of post-employment (benefit) cost, net

(101)

(412)

119 

Other (income) charges, net

(6)

(17)

8 

Loss on divested businesses

43 

552 

— 

Earnings before interest and taxes

1,159 

1,281 

741 

Net interest expense

182 

198 

210 

Early debt extinguishment costs

— 

1 

1 

Earnings before income taxes

977 

1,082 

530 

Provision for income taxes

181 

215 

41 

Net earnings

796 

867 

489 

Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interest

3 

10 

11 

Net earnings attributable to Eastman

$

793 

$

857 

$

478 

Basic earnings per share attributable to Eastman

$

6.42 

$

6.35 

$

3.53 

Diluted earnings per share attributable to Eastman

$

6.35 

$

6.25 

$

3.50 

Comprehensive Income

Net earnings including noncontrolling interest

$

796 

$

867 

$

489 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:

Change in cumulative translation adjustment

7 

56 

(29)

Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans:

Prior service credit arising during the period

— 

— 

9 

Amortization of unrecognized prior service credits included in net periodic costs

(27)

(28)

(28)

Derivatives and hedging:

Unrealized gain (loss) during period

53 

66 

(34)

Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income, net

(56)

(3)

23 

Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

(23)

91 

(59)

Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interest

773 

958 

430 

Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest

3 

10 

11 

Comprehensive income attributable to Eastman

$

770 

$

948 

$

419 

Retained Earnings

Retained earnings at beginning of period

$

8,557 

$

8,080 

$

7,965 

Net earnings attributable to Eastman

793 

857 

478 

Cash dividends declared

(377)

(380)

(363)

Retained earnings at end of period

$

8,973 

$

8,557 

$

8,080 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

60

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

December 31,

December 31,

(Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)

2022

2021

Assets

Current assets

Cash and cash equivalents

$

493 

$

459 

Trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses

957 

1,091 

Miscellaneous receivables

320 

489 

Inventories

1,894 

1,504 

Other current assets

114 

96 

Assets held for sale

— 

1,007 

Total current assets

3,778 

4,646