Investing in our securities involves
risks. We may amend or supplement the risk factors described below from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the future. 

We Operate In
Businesses That Are Subject To Competitive Pressures That Could Affect Prices Or Demand For Our Products 

Our businesses operate in markets that are highly
competitive, and we compete on the basis of product performance, quality, service and/or price across the industries and markets served. A significant element of our competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high
quality products at the lowest relevant global cost. Some of our competitors have greater sales, assets and financial resources than our Company. Competitive pressures could affect prices or customer demand for our products, impacting our profit
margins and/or resulting in a loss of market share. 

11 

Our Operating Results Depend In Part On Continued Successful Research, Development And Marketing Of New And/Or Improved
Products And Services, And There Can Be No Assurance That We Will Continue To Successfully Introduce New Products And Services 

The success of new and
improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by our customers. Our businesses are affected by varying degrees of technological change and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which result in unpredictable
product transitions, shortened life cycles and increased importance of being first to market with new products and services. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production and/or marketing of new products and
services which may negatively impact our operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to bring new products and services to market. 

We Engage In Acquisitions, And May Encounter Difficulties In Integrating These Businesses And Therefore We May Not Realize The Anticipated Benefits Of The Acquisitions 

We are a company that, from time to time, seeks to grow through strategic acquisitions. In the past several years, we have made various acquisitions and entered into
joint venture arrangements intended to complement or expand our business, and may continue to do so in the future. The success of these transactions will depend on our ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to
cooperate with our strategic partners. We may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with our operations, and in managing strategic investments. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of benefits we anticipate when we
first enter into a transaction. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Access To Funding Through The Capital
Markets Is Essential To The Execution Of Our Business Plan And If We Are Unable To Maintain Such Access We Could Experience A Material Adverse Effect On Our Business And Financial Results 

Our ability to invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank
credit lines to support short-term borrowings. If we are unable to continue to access the capital markets, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

We Use A Variety Of Raw Materials And Components In Our Businesses, And Significant Shortages Or Price Increases Could Increase Our Operating Costs And Adversely Impact
The Competitive Positions Of Our Products 

Our major requirements for raw materials include steel, copper, cast iron, electronics, aluminum and brass and,
to a lesser extent, plastics and other petroleum based chemicals. Emerson has multiple sources of supply for each of its major requirements and is not significantly dependent on any one or a few suppliers. Significant shortages or price increases
could affect the prices our affected businesses charge, their operating costs and the competitive position of their products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our Operations Depend On Production Facilities Throughout The World, A Majority Of Which Are Located Outside The United States And Subject To Increased Risks Of
Disrupted Production Causing Delays In Shipments And Loss Of Customers And Revenue 

We manage businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide, a
majority of which are located outside the United States. Serving a global customer base requires that we place more production in emerging markets to capitalize on market opportunities and maintain our best-cost position. Our international
production facilities and operations could be disrupted by a natural disaster, labor strike, war, political unrest, terrorist activity or public health concerns, particularly in emerging countries that are not well-equipped to handle such
occurrences. 

12 

Our manufacturing facilities abroad also may be more susceptible to changes in laws and policies in host countries and
economic and political upheaval than our domestic facilities. Any such disruption could cause delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately compensate us. 

Our Substantial Sales Abroad Subject Us To Economic Risk As Our Results Of Operations May Be Adversely Affected By Foreign Currency Fluctuations And Changes In Local
Government Regulations And Policies 

We sell, manufacture, engineer, and purchase products in overseas markets. A significant portion of our sales is
outside the United States, and we expect sales from non - U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our total sales. International sales and operations are subject to changes in local government regulations and policies,
including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, taxation, exchange controls, and repatriation of earnings. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time and could affect our operating results. While we
monitor our exchange rate exposures and attempt to reduce this exposure through hedging activities, this risk could adversely affect our operating results. 

Downturns In The End Markets That We Serve May Negatively Impact Our Segment Revenues And Profitability 

Our segment revenues, operating results
and profitability have varied in the past and may vary significantly from quarter to quarter in the future. Profitability can be negatively impacted by volatility in the end markets that we serve. Future downturns in any of the markets that we serve
could adversely affect our overall sales and operating results. 

We Are Subject To Litigation And Environmental Regulations That Could Adversely Impact Our
Operating Results 

We are, and may in the future be, a party to a number of legal proceedings and claims, including those involving product liability and
environmental matters, several of which claim significant damages. Given the inherent uncertainty of litigation, we can offer no assurance that existing litigation or a future adverse development will not have a material adverse impact. We also are
subject to various laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and the discharge of materials into the environment, and we could incur substantial costs as a result of the noncompliance with or liability for cleanup or other costs or
damages under environmental laws.