Investing
in our securities involves risks. We may amend or supplement the risk factors
described below from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the
future.

We
Operate In Businesses That Are Subject To Competitive Pressures That Could
Affect Prices or Demand for Our Products

Our
businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive, and we compete on the
basis of product performance, quality, service and/or price across the
industries and markets served. A significant element of our competitive strategy
is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high quality products
at the best relevant global cost. Some of our competitors have greater sales,
assets and financial resources than our Company. Competitive pressures could
adversely affect prices or customer demand for our products, impacting our
profit margins and/or resulting in a loss of market share.

Our
Operating Results Depend In Part on Continued Successful Research, Development
and Marketing of New and/Or Improved Products and Services, and There Can Be No
Assurance That We Will Continue To Successfully Introduce New Products and
Services

The
success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and
continued acceptance by our customers. Our businesses are affected by varying
degrees of technological change and corresponding shifts in customer demand,
which result in unpredictable product transitions, shortened life cycles and
increased importance of being first to market with new products and services. We
may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production
and/or marketing of new products and services which may negatively impact our
operating results and prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the
investments required to bring new products and services to market.

We
Engage In Acquisitions, And May Encounter Difficulties in Integrating These
Businesses and Therefore We May Not Realize the Anticipated Benefits Of the
Acquisitions

We are a
company that, from time to time, seeks to grow through strategic acquisitions.
In 2010 and in past years, we have made various acquisitions and entered into
joint venture arrangements intended to complement or expand our business, and
may continue to do so in the future (see Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements of the 2010 Annual Report, which note is hereby
incorporated by reference). The success of these transactions will depend on our
ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to
cooperate with our strategic partners. We may encounter difficulties in
integrating acquisitions with our operations, and in managing strategic
investments. Furthermore, we may not realize the degree, or timing, of benefits
we anticipate when we first enter into a transaction. Any of the foregoing could
adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Access
To Funding Through The Capital Markets Is Essential To The Execution Of Our
Business Plan And If We Are Unable To Maintain Such Access We Could Experience A
Material Adverse Effect On Our Business And Financial Results

Our
ability to invest in our businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance
maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient
bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. Volatility in the capital
markets may increase costs associated with issuing commercial paper or other
debt instruments, or affect the Company’s ability to access those markets. If we
are unable to continue to access the capital markets, we could experience a
material adverse effect on our business and financial results. If our customers,
suppliers and financial institutions are unable to access the capital markets to
meet their commitments to the Company, our business could be adversely
impacted.

 12

We
Use a Variety of Raw Materials and Components in Our Businesses, and Significant
Shortages or Price Increases Could Increase Our Operating Costs and Adversely
Impact the Competitive Positions of Our Products

Our major
requirements for raw materials include steel, copper, cast iron, electronics,
aluminum and brass and, to a lesser extent, plastics and other petroleum-based
chemicals. Emerson has multiple sources of supply for each of its major
requirements and is not significantly dependent on any one or a few suppliers.
Significant shortages or price increases could impact the prices our affected
businesses charge, their operating costs and the competitive position of their
products and services, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
While we monitor market prices of the commodities we require and attempt to
reduce price exposure through hedging activities, this risk could adversely
affect our operating results.

Our
Operations Depend On Production Facilities Throughout The World, A Majority Of
Which Are Located Outside The United States And Subject To Increased Risks Of
Disrupted Production Causing Delays In Shipments And Loss Of Customers And
Revenue

We manage
businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide, a majority of which are
located outside the United States. Emerging market sales now represent over
one-third of total sales and serving a global customer base requires that we
place more production in emerging markets to capitalize on market opportunities
and maintain our best-cost position. Our international production facilities and
operations could be disrupted by a natural disaster, labor strife, war,
political unrest, terrorist activity or public health concerns, particularly in
emerging countries that are not well-equipped to handle such
occurrences.

Our
manufacturing facilities abroad also may be more susceptible to changes in laws
and policies in host countries and economic and political upheaval than our
domestic facilities. Any such disruption could cause delays in shipments of
products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not
adequately compensate us.

Our
Substantial Sales Abroad Subject Us to Economic Risk As Our Results of
Operations May Be Adversely Affected By Foreign Currency Fluctuations and
Changes in Local Government Regulations and Policies

We sell,
manufacture, engineer, and purchase products in overseas markets. A significant
portion of our sales is outside the United States, and we expect sales from
non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our total
sales. International sales and operations are subject to changes in local
government regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and
trade barriers, investments, taxation, exchange controls, and repatriation of
earnings. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time
and have affected our operating results and could do so in the future. While we
monitor our exchange rate exposures and attempt to reduce this exposure through
hedging activities, this risk could adversely affect our operating
results.

Recessions,
Adverse Market Conditions or Downturns in the End Markets We Serve May
Negatively Impact Segment Revenues and Operating Results

Segment
revenues, operating results and cash flows have varied in the past and may be
exposed to significant volatility from quarter to quarter in the future due to
changes in general economic conditions, recessions or adverse conditions in the
end markets we serve. These changes could adversely impact overall sales,
operating results and cash flows, which in turn could trigger impairment of
goodwill or other long-lived assets due to the fair value of such assets falling
below the Company’s carrying value. Moreover, during economic downturns we may
undertake more extensive rationalization actions and therefore incur higher
rationalization expense during such periods. If our rationalization actions are
not sufficiently effective or if we must incur rationalization costs beyond what
we anticipate, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated operating
results.

 13

We
Are Subject To Litigation and Environmental Regulations That Could Adversely
Impact Our Operating Results

We are,
and may in the future be, a party to a number of legal proceedings and claims,
including those involving product liability and environmental matters, several
of which claim, or may in the future claim, significant damages. Given the
inherent uncertainty of litigation, we can offer no assurance that existing
litigation or a future adverse development will not have a material adverse
impact. We also are subject to various laws and regulations relating to
environmental protection and the discharge of materials into the environment,
and we could incur substantial costs as a result of the noncompliance with or
liability for cleanup or other costs or damages under environmental
laws.