Our business and operations are subject to many risks. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face, as our business and operations may also be subject to risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial. If any of the events or circumstances described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock could decline. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in this report, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. 

A substantial or extended decline in natural gas or crude oil prices would have a material adverse effect on us.

 Prices for natural gas and crude oil fluctuate widely. Since we are primarily a natural gas company, we are more significantly affected by changes in natural gas prices than changes in the prices for crude oil, condensate or natural gas liquids. Among the factors that can cause these price fluctuations are:

 the level of consumer demand;

 weather conditions;

 domestic drilling activity;

 the price and availability of
 alternative fuels, including liquefied natural gas;

 the proximity to, and capacity of,
 transportation facilities;

 worldwide economic and political
 conditions;

 the effect of worldwide energy
 conservation measures; and

 the natural and extent of
 governmental regulation and taxation, including environmental regulations.

 Our cash flow and earnings depend to a great extent on the prevailing prices for natural gas and crude oil. Prolonged or substantial declines in these commodity prices may materially and adversely affect our liquidity, the amount of cash flow we have available for capital expenditures, our ability to maintain our credit quality and access to the credit and capital markets and our results of operations.

Our ability to sell our crude oil and natural gas production could be materially affected if we fail to obtain adequate services such as transportation and processing.

 The sale of our crude oil and natural gas production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, natural gas gathering systems and processing facilities. Moreover, we deliver crude oil and natural gas through gathering systems and pipelines that we do not own, and these facilities may be temporarily unavailable due to market conditions or mechanical reasons, or may not be available to us in the future. Any significant change in market factors affecting these facilities, the availability of these facilities or our failure or inability to obtain access to these facilities on terms acceptable to us or at all could materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 

Weather and climate may have a significant impact on our revenues and productivity. 

 Demand for natural gas and crude oil is, to a significant degree, dependent on weather and climate, which impacts the price we receive for the commodities we produce. In addition, our exploration and development activities and equipment can be adversely affected by extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and sea level changes associated with climate change, which may cause a loss of production from temporary cessation of activity or lost or damaged equipment. Extreme weather conditions could also impact other areas of our operations, including access to our drilling and production facilities for routine operations, maintenance and repairs and the installation of new facilities. Such extreme weather conditions and changes associated with climate change could materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 

Reserve estimates depend on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in our underlying assumptions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves to be misstated. 

 Estimating quantities of proved natural gas and crude oil reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves is a complex process. It requires interpretations of available technical data and various assumptions, including assumptions relating to economic factors. Any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions or changes in conditions could cause the reported quantities of our reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves to be overstated or understated. 

 13

 To prepare estimates of economically recoverable natural gas and crude oil reserves and future net cash flows from our reserves, we analyze many variable factors, such as historical production from the area compared with production rates from other producing areas. We also analyze available geological, geophysical, production and engineering data, and the extent, quality and reliability of this data can vary. The process also involves economic assumptions relating to commodity prices, production costs, severance and excise taxes, capital expenditures and workover and remedial costs. Our actual proved reserves and future net cash flows from such reserves most likely will vary from our estimates. Any significant variance could reduce our estimated quantities and present value of reserves, which could, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the trading price of our common stock.

If we fail to acquire or find sufficient additional reserves, our reserves and production will decline from their current levels.

 The rate of production from crude oil and natural gas properties generally declines as reserves are depleted. Except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration and development activities, acquire additional properties containing proved reserves, or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline as reserves are produced. Our future natural gas and crude oil production, specifically maintaining our production at, or increasing our production from, current levels, is, therefore, highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves.

Drilling natural gas and crude oil wells is a high-risk activity and subjects us to a variety of factors that we cannot control. 

 Drilling natural gas and crude oil wells, including development wells, involves numerous risks, including the risk that we may not encounter commercially productive natural gas and crude oil reservoirs. As a result, we may not recover all or any portion of our investment in new wells. The presence of unanticipated pressures or irregularities in formations, miscalculations or accidents, among other factors, may cause our drilling activities to be unsuccessful and result in a partial or total loss of our investment. In addition, we often are uncertain as to the future cost or timing of drilling, completing and operating wells, as our drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled, and the cost of such operations may increase, as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

unexpected drilling
conditions;

title problems;

pressure or
irregularities in formations;

equipment failures or
accidents;

adverse weather
conditions;

compliance with
environmental and other governmental requirements, which may increase our costs
or restrict our activities;

costs of, or
shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, tubular materials and
equipment;

lack of
infrastructure; and

lack of trained
drilling personnel.

We incur certain costs to comply with government regulations, especially regulations relating to environmental protection, and could incur even greater costs in the future.

 Our exploration, production and marketing operations are regulated extensively at the federal, state and local levels, as well as by the governments and regulatory agencies in foreign countries in which we do business. We have incurred and will continue to incur costs in our efforts to comply with the requirements of environmental and other regulations. Further, the regulatory environment in the natural gas and crude oil industry could change in ways that we cannot predict and that might substantially increase our costs of compliance.

 As an owner or lessee and operator of natural gas and crude oil properties, we are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign regulations relating to discharge of materials into, and protection of, the environment. These regulations may, among other things, impose liability on us for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, subject us to liability for pollution damages, and require suspension or cessation of operations in affected areas. Changes in, or additions to, regulations regarding the protection of the environment could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 14

 EOG is aware of the increasing focus of national and international regulatory bodies on GHG emissions and climate change issues. We are also aware of legislation, recently proposed by the Canadian legislature, to reduce GHG emissions. Additionally, proposed United States policy, legislation or regulatory actions may also address GHG emissions. EOG will continue to monitor and assess any new policies, legislation or regulations in the areas where we operate to determine the impact on our operations and take appropriate actions, where necessary.

We do not insure against all potential losses and could be materially and adversely affected by unexpected liabilities.

 The exploration for, and production of, natural gas and crude oil can be hazardous, involving natural disasters and other unforeseen occurrences such as blowouts, cratering, fires and loss of well control, which can damage or destroy wells or production facilities, injure or kill people, and damage property and the environment. Moreover, our offshore operations are subject to usual marine perils, including hurricanes and other adverse weather conditions, and governmental regulations as well as interruption or termination by governmental authorities based on environmental and other considerations. We maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from our operations in accordance with what we believe are customary industry practices and in amounts and at costs that we believe to be prudent and commercially practicable. The occurrence of any of these events and any costs or liabilities incurred as a result of such events would reduce the funds available to us for exploration, drilling and production and could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our hedging activities may prevent us from benefiting from price increases and may expose us to other risks.

 From time to time, we use derivative instruments (primarily collars and price swaps) to hedge the impact of market fluctuations of natural gas and crude oil prices on our net income and cash flow. To the extent that we engage in hedging activities, we may be prevented from realizing the benefits of price increases above the levels of the hedges. In addition, we are subject to risks associated with differences in prices at different locations, particularly where transportation constraints restrict our ability to deliver natural gas and crude oil volumes to the delivery point to which the hedging transaction is indexed. 

If we acquire natural gas and crude oil properties, our failure to fully identify potential problems, to properly estimate reserves or production rates or costs, or to effectively integrate the acquired operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 From time to time, we seek to acquire natural gas and crude oil properties. Although we perform reviews of properties to be acquired that we believe are consistent with industry practices, reviews of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing or potential problems, nor do they permit a buyer to become sufficiently familiar with the properties in order to assess fully their deficiencies and potential. Even when problems with a property are identified, we often assume environmental and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired properties pursuant to the acquisition agreements. Moreover, there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved natural gas and crude oil reserves, actual future production rates and associated costs with respect to acquired properties. Actual reserves, production rates and costs may vary substantially from those assumed in the estimates. In addition, acquisitions may have material and adverse effects on our business and results of operations, particularly during the periods in which the operations of acquired properties are being integrated into our ongoing operations.

Terrorist activities and military and other actions could materially and adversely affect us. 

 Terrorist attacks and the threat of terrorist attacks, whether domestic or foreign, as well as military or other actions taken in response to these acts, could cause instability in the global financial and energy markets. The United States government has issued public warnings that indicate that energy assets might be specific targets of terrorist organizations. These actions could materially and adversely affect us in unpredictable ways, including the disruption of fuel supplies and markets, increased volatility in natural gas and crude oil prices, or the possibility that the infrastructure on which we rely could be a direct target or an indirect casualty of an act of terrorism, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

15

Competition in the oil and gas exploration and production industry is intense, and many of our competitors have greater resources than we have. 

 We compete with major integrated and other independent oil and gas companies for acquisition of natural gas and crude oil leases, properties and reserves, equipment and labor required to explore, develop and operate those properties and the marketing of natural gas and crude oil production. Higher recent natural gas and crude oil prices have increased the costs of properties available for acquisition, and there are several companies with the financial resources to pursue acquisition opportunities. 

 In addition, many of our competitors have financial and other resources substantially greater than those we possess and have established strategic long-term positions and strong governmental relationships in countries in which we may seek new or expanded entry. As a consequence, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in bidding for drilling rights. In addition, many of our larger competitors may have a competitive advantage when responding to factors that affect demand for natural gas and crude oil, such as changing worldwide prices and levels of production, the cost and availability of alternative fuels and the application of government regulations. We also compete with our competitors in attracting and retaining personnel, including geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other specialists. 

We have substantial capital requirements, and we may be unable to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms. 

 We make, and will continue to make, substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition, development, production, exploration and abandonment of natural gas and crude oil reserves. We intend to finance our capital expenditures primarily through our cash flow from operations and commercial paper borrowings and, to a lesser extent and if and as necessary, bank borrowings and public and private equity and debt offerings. 

 Lower natural gas and crude oil prices, however, would reduce our cash flow. Further, if the condition of the capital markets materially declines, we might not be able to obtain financing on terms we consider acceptable. The recent credit crisis triggered by the subprime mortgage markets and corresponding reaction by lenders to risk, generally, may increase the interest rates that the lenders require us to pay. In addition, a substantial rise in interest rates would decrease our net cash flows available for reinvestment. Any of these factors could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our results of operations.

 The reporting currency for our financial statements is the U.S. dollar. However, certain of our subsidiaries are located in countries other than the United States and have functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of certain of these foreign subsidiaries are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. To prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses into U.S. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates. Consequently, increases and decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar versus other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if the value has not changed in the original currency. These translations could result in changes to our results of operations from period to period. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007, approximately 15% of our revenues related to operations of our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar.