Our business and operations are subject to many risks. The risks described below may not be the only risks we face, as our business and operations may also be subject to risks that we do not yet know of, or that we currently believe are immaterial. If any of the events or circumstances described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flow could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock could decline. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information contained in this report, including the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. 

A substantial or extended decline in natural gas or crude oil prices would have a material and adverse effect on us.

 Prices for natural gas and crude oil fluctuate widely. Since we are primarily a natural gas company, we are more significantly affected by changes in natural gas prices than changes in the prices for crude oil and condensate or natural gas liquids. Among the factors that can cause these price fluctuations are:

the level of consumer demand;

supplies of natural gas and crude oil;

weather conditions and changes in weather patterns;

domestic and international drilling activity;

the price and availability of, and demand for, competing energy sources, including liquefied natural gas, and alternative energy sources;

the availability, proximity and capacity of transportation facilities;

worldwide economic and political conditions;

the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including trading by commodity price speculators and others;

the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures; and

the nature and extent of governmental regulation and taxation, including environmental regulations.

 Our cash flow and results of operations depend to a great extent on the prevailing prices for natural gas and crude oil. Prolonged or substantial declines in natural gas and/or crude oil prices may materially and adversely affect our liquidity, the amount of cash flow we have available for our capital expenditures and other operating expenses, our ability to access the credit and capital markets and our results of operations. 

 In addition, if we expect significant sustained decreases in natural gas and crude oil prices in the future such that the future cash flow from our natural gas and crude oil properties falls below the net book value of our properties, we may be required to write down the value of our natural gas and crude oil properties. Any such future asset impairments could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock.

Drilling natural gas and crude oil wells is a high-risk activity and subjects us to a variety of risks that we cannot control. 

 Drilling natural gas and crude oil wells, including development wells, involves numerous risks, including the risk that we may not encounter commercially productive natural gas and crude oil reservoirs. As a result, we may not recover all or any portion of our investment in new wells.

 Specifically, we often are uncertain as to the future cost or timing of drilling, completing and operating wells, and our drilling operations and those of our third-party operators may be curtailed, delayed or canceled, the cost of such operations may increase and/or our results of operations and cash flows from such operations may be impacted, as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

unexpected drilling conditions;

title problems;

pressure or irregularities in formations;

equipment failures or accidents;

adverse weather conditions and changes in weather patterns;

compliance with, or changes in, environmental and other laws and regulations, such as tax laws and regulations; 

14

the availability and timely issuance of required governmental permits and licenses; 

the availability of, costs associated with and terms of contractual arrangements for properties, including leases, pipelines and related facilities and equipment to gather, process, compress, transport and market natural gas, crude oil and related commodities; 

costs of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, tubular materials and other necessary equipment; and

lack of necessary services and/or qualified personnel.

 Our failure to recover our investment in wells, increases in the costs of our drilling operations or those of our third-party operators and/or curtailments, delays or cancellations of our drilling operations or those of our third-party operators may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our ability to sell and deliver our natural gas and crude oil production could be materially and adversely affected if we fail to obtain adequate gathering, processing, compression and transportation services.

 The sale of our natural gas and crude oil production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability, proximity and capacity of, and costs associated with, gathering, processing, compression and transportation facilities owned by third parties. These facilities may be temporarily unavailable to us due to market conditions, mechanical reasons or other factors or conditions, and may not be available to us in the future on terms we consider acceptable, if at all. Any significant change in market or other conditions affecting these facilities or the availability of these facilities, including due to our failure or inability to obtain access to these facilities on terms acceptable to us or at all, could materially and adversely affect our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations.

If we fail to acquire or find sufficient additional reserves over time, our reserves and production will decline from their current levels.

 The rate of production from natural gas and crude oil properties generally declines as reserves are produced. Except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration, exploitation and development activities, acquire additional properties containing reserves or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our reserves will decline as they are produced. Maintaining our production of natural gas and crude oil at, or increasing our production from, current levels, is, therefore, highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves, as is, in turn, our future cash flow and results of operations.

We incur certain costs to comply with government regulations, particularly regulations relating to environmental protection and safety, and could incur even greater costs in the future.

 Our exploration, production and marketing operations are regulated extensively at the federal, state and local levels, as well as by the governments and regulatory agencies in the foreign countries in which we do business, and are subject to interruption or termination by governmental and regulatory authorities based on environmental or other considerations. Moreover, we have incurred and will continue to incur costs in our efforts to comply with the requirements of environmental, safety and other regulations. Further, the regulatory environment in the oil and gas industry could change in ways that we cannot predict and that might substantially increase our costs of compliance and, in turn, materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position.

 Specifically, as an owner or lessee and operator of natural gas and crude oil properties, we are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign regulations relating to the discharge of materials into, and the protection of, the environment. These regulations may, among other things, impose liability on us for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, subject us to liability for pollution damages and require suspension or cessation of operations in affected areas. Moreover, we are subject to the United States Environmental Protection Agency's (U.S. EPA) rule requiring annual reporting of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Changes in, or additions to, these regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position.

 We are aware of the increasing focus of local, state, national and international regulatory bodies on GHG emissions and climate change issues. In addition to the U.S. EPA's rule requiring annual reporting of GHG emissions, we are also aware of legislation proposed by United States (U.S.) lawmakers and by the Canadian

 15

 legislature to reduce GHG emissions. We will continue to monitor and assess any new policies, legislation or regulations in the areas where we operate to determine the impact on our operations and take appropriate actions, where necessary. We are unable to predict the timing, scope and effect of any such proposed laws, regulations and treaties, but the direct and indirect costs of such laws, regulations and treaties (if enacted) could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position.

A portion of our natural gas and crude oil production may be subject to interruptions that could have a material and adverse effect on us. 

 A portion of our natural gas and crude oil production may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for various reasons, including as a result of accidents, weather conditions, loss of gathering, processing, compression or transportation facility access or field labor issues, or intentionally as a result of market conditions such as natural gas or crude oil prices that we deem uneconomic. If a substantial amount of our production is interrupted, our cash flow and, in turn, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

We operate in other countries and, as a result, are subject to certain political, economic and other risks. 

 Our operations in jurisdictions outside the U.S. are subject to various risks inherent in foreign operations. These risks may include, among other risks: 

loss of revenue, equipment and property as a result of expropriation, acts of terrorism, war, civil unrest and other political risks; 

increases in taxes and governmental royalties; 

unilateral or forced renegotiation, modification or nullification of existing contracts with governmental entities; 

difficulties enforcing our rights against a governmental agency because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity and foreign sovereignty over international operations; 

changes in laws and policies governing operations of foreign-based companies; and 

currency restrictions and exchange rate fluctuations. 

 Our international operations may also be adversely affected by U.S. laws and policies affecting foreign trade and taxation. The realization of any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have limited control over the activities on properties we do not operate. 

 Some of the properties in which we have an interest are operated by other companies and involve third-party working interest owners. As a result, we have limited ability to influence or control the operation or future development of such properties, including compliance with environmental, safety and other regulations, or the amount of capital expenditures that we will be required to fund with respect to such properties. Moreover, we are dependent on the other working interest owners of such projects to fund their contractual share of the capital expenditures of such projects. These limitations and our dependence on the operator and other working interest owners for these projects could cause us to incur unexpected future costs and materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

If we acquire natural gas and crude oil properties, our failure to fully identify existing and potential problems, to accurately estimate reserves, production rates or costs, or to effectively integrate the acquired properties into our operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 From time to time, we seek to acquire
natural gas and crude oil properties. Although we perform reviews of properties
to be acquired in a manner that we believe is consistent with industry
practices, reviews of records and properties may not necessarily reveal existing
or potential problems, nor may they permit a buyer to become sufficiently
familiar with the properties in order to assess fully their deficiencies and
potential. Even when problems with a property are identified, we often may
assume environmental and other risks and liabilities in connection with acquired