CAUTIONARY
 STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS
 OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF
 1995

 This report contains forward-looking statements within the
 meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions or
 beliefs that we believe to be reasonable; however assumed facts
 almost always vary from the actual results, and differences
 between assumed facts and actual results can be material,
 depending upon the circumstances. Where, based on assumptions,
 we or our management express an expectation or belief as to
 future results, that expectation or belief is expressed in good
 faith and is believed to have a reasonable basis. We cannot
 assure you, however, that the stated expectation or belief will
 occur, be achieved or accomplished. The words
 “believe,” “expect,” “estimate,”
 “anticipate” and similar expressions will generally
 identify forward-looking statements. All of our forward-looking
 statements, whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by
 these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements
 that may accompany such forward-looking statements. In addition,
 we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking
 statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
 this report.

 22

Table of Contents

 With this in mind, you should consider the risks discussed
 elsewhere in this report and other documents we file with the
 SEC from time to time and the following important factors that
 could cause actual results to differ materially from those
 expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our
 behalf.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 Our
 operations are subject to operational hazards and uninsured
 risks.

 Our operations are subject to the inherent risks normally
 associated with those operations, including pipeline ruptures,
 explosions, pollution, release of toxic substances, fires,
 adverse weather conditions (such as hurricanes and flooding),
 terrorist activity or acts of aggression, and other hazards.
 Each of these risks could result in damage to or destruction of
 our facilities or damages to persons and property causing us to
 suffer substantial losses.

 While we maintain insurance against many of these risks to the
 extent and in amounts that we believe are reasonable, our
 insurance coverages have material deductibles and self-insurance
 levels, as well as limits on our maximum recovery, and do not
 cover all risks. As a result, our results of operations, cash
 flows or financial condition could be adversely affected if a
 significant event occurs that is not fully covered by insurance.

 The
 success of our pipeline business depends, in part, on factors
 beyond our control.

 Most of the natural gas we transport and store is owned by third
 parties. The volume of natural gas we are able to transport and
 store depends on the actions of those third parties and is
 beyond our control. Further, the following factors, most of
 which are beyond our control, may unfavorably impact our ability
 to maintain or increase current throughput, to renegotiate
 existing contracts as they expire or to remarket unsubscribed
 capacity on our pipeline systems:

 • 

 service area competition;

 • 

 expiration or turn back of significant contracts;

 • 

 changes in regulation and action of regulatory bodies;

 • 

 weather conditions that impact throughput and storage levels;

 • 

 price competition;

 • 

 drilling activity and decreased availability of conventional gas
 supply sources and the availability and timing of other gas
 supply sources, such as LNG;

 • 

 decreased natural gas demand due to various factors, including
 increases in prices and the availability or popularity of other
 energy sources such as hydroelectric, nuclear, wind, and coal
 power and fuel oil;

 • 

 availability and cost of capital to fund ongoing maintenance and
 growth projects;

 • 

 opposition to energy infrastructure development, especially in
 environmentally sensitive areas;

 • 

 adverse general economic conditions;

 • 

 expiration
 and/or
 renewal of existing interests in real property, including real
 property on Native American lands; and

 • 

 unfavorable movements in natural gas prices in certain supply
 and demand areas.

 The
 revenues of our pipeline businesses are generated under
 contracts that must be renegotiated periodically.

 Substantially all of our pipeline subsidiaries’ revenues
 are generated under contracts which expire periodically and must
 be renegotiated and extended or replaced. If we are unable to
 extend or replace these contracts when they expire or
 renegotiate contract terms as favorable as the existing
 contracts, we could suffer a material reduction in our revenues,
 earnings and cash flows. In particular, our ability to extend
 and replace contracts could be adversely affected by factors we
 cannot control, including:

 • 

 competition by other pipelines, including the change in rates or
 upstream supply of existing pipeline competitors, as well as the
 proposed construction by other companies of additional pipeline
 capacity or LNG terminals in markets served by our interstate
 pipelines;

 23

Table of Contents

 • 

 changes in state regulation of local distribution companies,
 which may cause them to negotiate short-term contracts or turn
 back their capacity when their contracts expire;

 • 

 reduced demand and market conditions in the areas we serve;

 • 

 the availability of alternative energy sources or natural gas
 supply points; and

 • 

 regulatory actions.

 Fluctuations
 in energy commodity prices could adversely affect our pipeline
 businesses.

 Revenues generated by our transmission, storage and LNG
 contracts depend on volumes and rates, both of which can be
 affected by the prices of natural gas and LNG. Increased prices
 could result in a reduction of the volumes transported by our
 customers, including power companies that may not dispatch
 natural gas-fired power plants if natural gas prices increase.
 Increased prices could also result in industrial plant shutdowns
 or load losses to competitive fuels as well as local
 distribution companies’ loss of customer base. The success
 of our transmission, storage and LNG operations is subject to
 continued development of additional gas supplies to offset the
 natural decline from existing wells connected to our systems,
 which requires the development of additional oil and natural gas
 reserves, obtaining additional supplies from interconnecting
 pipelines, and the development of LNG facilities on or near our
 systems. A decline in energy prices could cause a decrease in
 these development activities and could cause a decrease in the
 volume of reserves available for transmission, storage and
 processing through our systems. Pricing volatility may impact
 the value of under or over recoveries of retained natural gas,
 imbalances and system encroachments. If natural gas prices in
 the supply basins connected to our pipeline systems are higher
 than prices in other natural gas producing regions, our ability
 to compete with other transporters may be negatively impacted on
 a short-term basis, as well as with respect to our long-term
 recontracting activities. Furthermore, fluctuations in pricing
 between supply sources and market areas could negatively impact
 our transportation revenues. Fluctuations in energy prices are
 caused by a number of factors, including:

 • 

 regional, domestic and international supply and demand;

 • 

 availability and adequacy of transportation facilities;

 • 

 energy legislation;

 • 

 federal and state taxes, if any, on the sale or transportation
 of natural gas;

 • 

 abundance of supplies of alternative energy sources; and

 • 

 political unrest among oil producing countries.

 The
 expansion of our pipeline systems by constructing new facilities
 subjects us to construction and other risks that may adversely
 affect the financial results of our pipeline
 businesses.

 We may expand the capacity of our existing pipeline, storage or
 LNG facilities by constructing additional facilities.
 Construction of these facilities is subject to various
 regulatory, development and operational risks, including:

 • 

 our ability to obtain necessary approvals and permits by
 regulatory agencies on a timely basis and on terms that are
 acceptable to us;

 • 

 the ability to obtain continued access to sufficient capital to
 fund expansion projects;

 • 

 the availability of skilled labor, equipment, and materials to
 complete expansion projects;

 • 

 potential changes in federal, state and local statutes and
 regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent
 a project from proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of
 the project;

 • 

 impediments on our ability to acquire
 rights-of-way
 or land rights on a timely basis or on terms that are acceptable
 to us;

 • 

 our ability to construct projects within anticipated costs,
 including the risk that we may incur cost overruns resulting
 from inflation or increased costs of equipment, materials,
 labor, or other factors beyond our control, that may be material;

 24

Table of Contents

 • 

 the lack of future growth; and

 • 

 the lack of transportation, storage or throughput commitments.

 Any of these risks could prevent a project from proceeding,
 delay its completion or increase its anticipated costs. As a
 result, new facilities may not achieve our expected investment
 return, which could adversely affect our results of operations,
 cash flows or financial position.

 Natural
 gas and oil prices are volatile. A substantial decrease in
 natural gas and oil prices could adversely affect the financial
 results of our exploration and production
 business.

 Our future financial condition, revenues, results of operations,
 cash flows and future rate of growth depend primarily upon the
 prices we receive for our natural gas and oil production.
 Natural gas and oil prices historically have been volatile and
 are likely to continue to be volatile in the future, especially
 given current world geopolitical conditions. The prices for
 natural gas and oil are subject to a variety of additional
 factors that are beyond our control. These factors include:

 • 

 the level of consumer demand for, and the supply of, natural gas
 and oil;

 • 

 the availability and reliability of commodity processing,
 gathering and pipeline capacity;

 • 

 the level of imports of, and the price of, foreign natural gas
 and oil;

 • 

 the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum
 Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain oil price and
 production controls;

 • 

 domestic governmental regulations and taxes;

 • 

 the price and availability of alternative fuel sources;

 • 

 weather conditions, such as unusually warm or cold weather, and
 hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico;

 • 

 market uncertainty;

 • 

 political conditions or hostilities in natural gas and oil
 producing regions;

 • 

 worldwide economic conditions; and

 • 

 changes in demand for the use of natural gas and oil because of
 market concerns about global warming or changes in governmental
 policies and regulations due to climate change initiatives.

 Further, because the majority of our proved reserves at
 December 31, 2006 were natural gas reserves, we are
 substantially more sensitive to changes in natural gas prices
 than we are to changes in oil prices. Declines in natural gas
 and oil prices would not only reduce revenue, but could reduce
 the amount of natural gas and oil that we can produce
 economically and, as a result, could adversely affect the
 financial results of our exploration and production business. A
 decline in natural gas and oil prices could result in a downward
 revision of our reserves and a full cost ceiling test write-down
 of the carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties,
 which could be substantial, and would negatively impact our net
 income and stockholders’ equity.

 The
 success of our exploration and production business is dependent,
 in part, on factors that are beyond our control.

 The performance of our exploration and production business is
 dependent upon a number of factors that we cannot control,
 including:

 • 

 the results of future drilling activity;

 • 

 the availability and significant increases in future costs of
 rigs, equipment and labor to support drilling activity and
 production operations;

 • 

 our ability to identify and precisely locate prospective
 geologic structures and to drill and successfully complete wells
 in those structures in a timely manner;

 25

Table of Contents

 • 

 our ability to expand our leased land positions in desirable
 areas, which often are subject to intensely competitive
 conditions from other companies

 • 

 adverse changes in future tax policies, rates, and drilling or
 production incentives by state, federal, or foreign governments;

 • 

 increased federal or state regulations, including environmental
 regulations, that limit or restrict the ability to drill natural
 gas or oil wells, reduce operational flexibility, or increase
 capital and operating costs;

 • 

 governmental action affecting the profitability of our
 exploration and production activities, such as increased royalty
 rates payable on oil and gas leases, the imposition of
 additional taxes on such activities or the modification or
 withdrawal of tax incentives in favor of exploration and
 development activity;

 • 

 our lack of control over jointly owned properties and properties
 operated by others;

 • 

 declines in production volumes, including those from the Gulf of
 Mexico; and

 • 

 continued access to sufficient capital to fund drilling programs
 to develop and replace a reserve base with rapid depletion
 characteristics.

 Our
 natural gas and oil drilling and producing operations involve
 many risks and may not be profitable.

 Our operations are subject to all the risks normally incident to
 the operation and development of natural gas and oil properties
 and the drilling of natural gas and oil wells, including well
 blowouts, cratering and explosions, pipe failure, fires,
 formations with abnormal pressures, uncontrollable flows of
 natural gas, oil, brine or well fluids, release of contaminants
 into the environment and other environmental hazards and risks.
 Additionally, our offshore operations may encounter usual marine
 perils, including hurricanes and other adverse weather
 conditions, damage from collisions with vessels, governmental
 regulations and interruption or termination of drilling rights
 by governmental authorities based on environmental and other
 considerations. Each of these risks could result in damage to
 property, injuries to people or the shut in of existing
 production as damaged energy infrastructure is repaired or
 replaced.

 We maintain insurance coverage to reduce exposure to potential
 losses resulting from these operating hazards. The nature of the
 risks is such that some liabilities could exceed our insurance
 policy limits, or, as in the case of environmental fines and
 penalties, cannot be insured which could adversely affect our
 future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

 Our drilling operations are also subject to the risk that we
 will not encounter commercially productive reservoirs. New wells
 drilled by us may not be productive, or we may not recover all
 or any portion of our investment in those wells. Drilling for
 natural gas and oil can be unprofitable, not only because of dry
 holes but wells that are productive may not produce sufficient
 net reserves to return a profit at then realized prices after
 deducting drilling, operating and other costs.

 Estimating
 our reserves, production and future net cash flow is inherently
 imprecise.

 Estimating quantities of proved natural gas and oil reserves is
 a complex process that involves significant interpretations and
 assumptions. It requires interpretations and judgment of
 available technical data, including the evaluation of available
 geological, geophysical, and engineering data. It also requires
 making estimates based upon economic factors, such as natural
 gas and oil prices, production costs, severance and excise
 taxes, capital expenditures, workover and remedial costs, and
 the assumed effect of governmental regulation. Due to a lack of
 substantial, if any, production data, there are greater
 uncertainties in estimating proved undeveloped reserves, proved
 non-producing reserves and proved developed reserves that are
 early in their production life. As a result, our reserve
 estimates are inherently imprecise. We also use a ten percent
 discount factor for estimating the value of our future net cash
 flows from reserves, as prescribed by the SEC, which may not
 necessarily represent the most appropriate discount factor,
 given actual interest rates and risks to which our exploration
 and production business or the natural gas and oil industry, in
 general, are subject. Any significant variations from the
 interpretations or assumptions used in our estimates or changes
 of conditions could cause the estimated quantities and net
 present value of our reserves to differ materially.

 26

Table of Contents

 Our reserve data represents an estimate. You should not assume
 that the present values referred to in this report represent the
 current market value of our estimated natural gas and oil
 reserves. The timing of the production and the expenses related
 to the development and production of natural gas and oil