CAUTIONARY STATEMENT FOR PURPOSES OF THE “SAFE
 HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION
 REFORM ACT OF 1995

This report contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Where any forward-looking statement includes a statement of the
assumptions or bases underlying the forward-looking statement,
we caution that, while we believe these assumptions or bases to
be reasonable and in good faith, assumed facts or bases almost
always vary from the actual results, and differences between
assumed facts or bases and actual results can be material,
depending upon the circumstances. Where, in any forward-looking
statement, we or our management express an expectation or belief
as to future results, that expectation or belief is expressed in
good faith and is believed to have a reasonable basis. We cannot
assure you, however, that the statement of expectation or belief
will result or be achieved or accomplished. The words
“believe,” “expect,” “estimate,”
“anticipate” and similar expressions will generally
identify forward-looking statements. All of our forward-looking
statements, whether written or oral, are expressly qualified by
these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements
that may accompany such forward-looking statements. In addition,
we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of
this report.

With this in mind, you should consider the risks discussed
elsewhere in this report and other documents we file with the
SEC from time to time and the following important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us or on our
behalf.

Risks Related to Our Business

 Our operations are subject to operational hazards and
 uninsured risks.

Our operations are subject to the inherent risks normally
associated with those operations, including pipeline ruptures,
explosions, pollution, release of toxic substances, fires,
adverse weather conditions (such as hurricanes and flooding) and
other hazards, each of which could result in damage to or
destruction of our facilities or damages to persons and
property. In addition, our operations and assets face possible
risks associated with acts of aggression. If any of these events
were to occur, we could suffer substantial losses.

While we maintain insurance against many of these risks to the
extent and in amounts that we believe are reasonable, this
insurance does not cover all risks. Many of our insurance
coverages have material deductibles and
self-insurance levels,
as well as limits on our maximum recovery. As a result, our
financial condition and operations could be adversely affected
if a significant event occurs that is not fully covered by
insurance.

 The success of our pipeline business depends, in part, on
 factors beyond our control.

Most of the natural gas and NGL we transport and store are owned
by third parties. As a result, the volume of natural gas and NGL
involved in these activities depends on the actions of those
third parties and is beyond our control. Further, the following
factors, most of which are beyond our control, may unfavorably

24

Table of Contents

impact our ability to maintain or increase current throughput,
to renegotiate existing contracts as they expire or to remarket
unsubscribed capacity on our pipeline systems:

• 

 service area competition;

• 

 expiration and/or turn back of significant contracts;

• 

 changes in regulation and action of regulatory bodies;

• 

 future weather conditions;

• 

 price competition;

• 

 drilling activity and availability of natural gas supplies;

• 

 decreased availability of conventional gas supply sources and
 the availability and timing of other gas supply sources, such as
 LNG;

• 

 decreased natural gas demand due to various factors, including
 increases in prices and the increased availability or popularity
 of alternative energy sources such as hydroelectric power;

• 

 increased costs of capital;

• 

 opposition to energy infrastructure development, especially in
 environmentally sensitive areas;

• 

 adverse general economic conditions;

• 

 expiration and/or renewal of existing interests in real
 property, including real property on Native American lands; and

• 

 unfavorable movements in natural gas and NGL prices in certain
 supply and demand areas.

 The revenues of our pipeline businesses are generated
 under contracts that must be renegotiated periodically.

Substantially all of our pipeline subsidiaries’ revenues
are generated under contracts which expire periodically and must
be renegotiated and extended or replaced. We cannot assure that
we will be able to extend or replace these contracts when they
expire or that the terms of any renegotiated contracts will be
as favorable as the existing contracts.

In particular, our ability to extend and replace contracts could
be adversely affected by factors we cannot control, including:

• 

 competition by other pipelines, including the change in rates or
 upstream supply of existing pipeline competitors, as well as the
 proposed construction by other companies of additional pipeline
 capacity or LNG terminals in markets served by our interstate
 pipelines;

• 

 changes in state regulation of local distribution companies,
 which may cause them to negotiate short-term contracts or turn
 back their capacity when their contracts expire;

• 

 reduced demand and market conditions in the areas we serve;

• 

 the availability of alternative energy sources or gas supply
 points; and

• 

 regulatory actions.

If we are unable to renew, extend or replace these contracts or
if we renew them on less favorable terms, we may suffer a
material reduction in our revenues, earnings and cash flows.

 Fluctuations in energy commodity prices could adversely
 affect our pipeline businesses.

Revenues generated by our transmission, storage and LNG
contracts depend on volumes and rates, both of which can be
affected by the prices of natural gas, LNG and NGL. Increased
prices could result in a reduction of the volumes transported by
our customers, such as power companies who, depending on the
price

25

Table of Contents

of fuel, may not dispatch gas-fired power plants. Increased
prices could also result in industrial plant shutdowns or load
losses to competitive fuels as well as local distribution
companies’ loss of customer base. The success of our
transmission, storage and LNG operations is subject to continued
development of additional oil and natural gas reserves and our
ability to access additional supplies from interconnecting
pipelines or LNG facilities to offset the natural decline from
existing wells connected to our systems. A decline in energy
prices could cause a decrease in these development activities
and could cause a decrease in the volume of reserves available
for transmission, storage and processing through our systems.
Pricing volatility may, in some cases, impact the value of under
or over recoveries of retained gas, imbalances and system
encroachments. If natural gas prices in the supply basins
connected to our pipeline systems are higher than prices in
other natural gas producing regions, our ability to compete with
other transporters may be negatively impacted. Furthermore,
fluctuations in pricing between supply sources and market areas
could negatively impact our transportation revenues.
Fluctuations in energy prices are caused by a number of factors,
including:

• 

 regional, domestic and international supply and demand;

• 

 availability and adequacy of transportation facilities;

• 

 energy legislation;

• 

 federal and state taxes, if any, on the sale or transportation
 of natural gas and NGL;

• 

 abundance of supplies of alternative energy sources; and

• 

 political unrest among oil producing countries.

 The expansion of our pipeline systems by constructing new
 facilities subjects us to construction and other risks that may
 adversely affect the financial results of our pipeline
 businesses.

We may expand the capacity of our existing pipeline, storage or
LNG facilities by constructing additional facilities.
Construction of these facilities is subject to various
regulatory, development and operational risks, including:

• 

 the ability to obtain all necessary approvals and permits by
 regulatory agencies on a timely basis on terms that are
 acceptable to us;

• 

 potential changes of federal, state and local statutes and
 regulations, including environmental requirements that prevent a
 project from proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the
 expansion project;

• 

 impediments on our ability to acquire rights-of-ways or land
 rights on a timely basis or within our anticipated costs;

• 

 the ability to construct projects within anticipated costs,
 including the risk that we may incur cost overruns resulting
 from inflation or increased costs of equipment, materials,
 labor, or other factors beyond our control, that may be material;

• 

 anticipated future growth in natural gas supply does not
 materialize; and

• 

 the lack of transportation, storage or throughput commitments
 that result in write-offs of development costs.

Any of these risks could prevent a project from proceeding,
delay its completion or increase its anticipated costs. As a
result, new facilities may not achieve our expected investment
return, which could adversely affect our financial position or
results of operations.

26

Table of Contents

 Natural gas and oil prices are volatile. A substantial
 decrease in natural gas and oil prices could adversely affect
 the financial results of our exploration and production
 business.

Our future financial condition, revenues, results of operations,
cash flows and future rate of growth depend primarily upon the
prices we receive for our natural gas and oil production.
Natural gas and oil prices historically have been volatile and
are likely to continue to be volatile in the future, especially
given current world geopolitical conditions. The prices for
natural gas and oil are subject to a variety of additional
factors that are beyond our control. These factors include:

• 

 the level of consumer demand for, and the supply of, natural gas
 and oil;

• 

 commodity processing, gathering and transportation availability;

• 

 the level of imports of, and the price of, foreign natural gas
 and oil;

• 

 the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum
 Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain oil price and
 production controls;

• 

 domestic governmental regulations and taxes;

• 

 the price and availability of alternative fuel sources;

• 

 the availability of pipeline capacity;

• 

 weather conditions;

• 

 market uncertainty;

• 

 political conditions or hostilities in natural gas and oil
 producing regions;

• 

 worldwide economic conditions; and

• 

 decreased demand for the use of natural gas and oil because of
 market concerns about global warming or changes in governmental
 policies and regulations due to climate change initiatives.

Further, because the majority of our proved reserves at
December 31, 2005 were natural gas reserves, we are
substantially more sensitive to changes in natural gas prices
than we are to changes in oil prices. Declines in natural gas
and oil prices would not only reduce revenue, but could reduce
the amount of natural gas and oil that we can produce
economically and, as a result, could adversely affect the
financial results of our exploration and production business.
Changes in natural gas and oil prices can have a significant
impact on the calculation of our full cost ceiling test. A
significant decline in natural gas and oil prices could result
in a downward revision of our reserves and a write-down of the
carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties, which
could be substantial, and would negatively impact our net income
and stockholders’ equity.

 The success of our exploration and production business is
 dependent, in part, on factors that are beyond our
 control.

The performance of our exploration and production business is
dependent upon a number of factors that we cannot control,
including:

• 

 the results of future drilling activity;

• 

 the availability of rigs, equipment and labor to support
 drilling activity and production operations;

• 

 our ability to identify and precisely locate prospective
 geologic structures and to drill and successfully complete wells
 in those structures in a timely manner;

• 

 our ability to expand our leased land positions in desirable
 areas, which often are subject to intensely competitive
 conditions;

• 

 increased competition in the search for and acquisition of
 reserves;

27

Table of Contents

• 

 significant increases in future drilling, production and
 development costs, including drilling rig rates and oil field
 services costs;

• 

 adverse changes in future tax policies, rates, and drilling or
 production incentives by state, federal, or foreign governments;

• 

 increased federal or state regulations, including environmental
 regulations, that limit or restrict the ability to drill natural
 gas or oil wells, reduce operational flexibility, or increase
 capital and operating costs;

• 

 our lack of control over jointly owned properties and properties
 operated by others;

• 

 the availability of alternative sources of energy;

• 

 declines in production volumes, including those from the Gulf of
 Mexico; and

• 

 continued access to sufficient capital to fund drilling programs
 to develop and replace a reserve base with rapid depletion
 characteristics.

 Our natural gas and oil drilling and producing operations
 involve many risks and may not be profitable.

Our operations are subject to all the risks normally incident to
the operation and development of natural gas and oil properties
and the drilling of natural gas and oil wells, including well
blowouts, cratering and explosions, pipe failure, fires,
formations with abnormal pressures, uncontrollable flows of
natural gas, oil, brine or well fluids, release of contaminants
into the environment and other environmental hazards and risks.
Additionally, our offshore operations may encounter usual marine
perils, including hurricanes and other adverse weather
conditions, damage from collisions with vessels, governmental
regulations and interruption or termination by governmental
authorities based on environmental and other considerations.
Each of these risks could result in damage to property, injuries
to people or the shut in of existing production as damaged
energy infrastructure is repaired or replaced.

We maintain insurance coverage to reduce exposure to potential
losses resulting from these operating hazards. The nature of the
risks is such that some liabilities could exceed our insurance
policy limits, or, as in the case of environmental fines and
penalties, cannot be insured which could adversely affect our
future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

Our drilling operations are also subject to the risk that we
will not encounter commercially productive reservoirs. New wells
drilled  by us may not be productive, or we may not recover
all or any portion of our investment in those wells. Drilling
for natural gas and oil can be unprofitable, not only because of
dry holes but wells that are productive may not produce
sufficient net reserves to return a profit at then realized
prices after deducting drilling, operating and other costs.

 Estimating our reserves, production and future net cash
 flow is difficult.

Estimating quantities of proved natural gas and oil reserves is
a complex process that involves significant interpretations and
assumptions. It requires interpretations and judgment of
available technical data, including the evaluation of available
geological, geophysical, and engineering data. It also requires
making estimates based upon economic factors, such as natural
gas and oil prices, production costs, severance and excise
taxes, capital expenditures, workover and remedial costs, and
the assumed effect of governmental regulation. Due to a lack of
substantial, if any, production data, there are greater
uncertainties in estimating proved undeveloped reserves, proved
non-producing reserves and proved developed reserves that are
early in their production life. As a result, our reserve
estimates are inherently imprecise. Also, we use a
10 percent discount factor for estimating the value of our
reserves, as prescribed by the SEC, which may not necessarily
represent the most appropriate discount factor, given actual
interest rates and risks to which our exploration and production
business or the natural gas and oil industry, in general, are
subject. Any significant variations from the interpretations or
assumptions used in our estimates or changes of conditions could
cause the estimated quantities and net present value of our
reserves to differ materially.

28

Table of Contents

Our reserve data represents an estimate. You should not assume
that the present values referred to in this report represent the
current market value of our estimated natural gas and oil
reserves. The timing of the production and the expenses related
to the development and production of natural gas and oil