Relating to our Business 

We face widespread competition that may reduce our market share and
harm our financial performance. 

We face significant competition from a number of different types of communications services
providers, including cable and other companies offering VoIP, integrated communication service providers, wireless communications service providers, alternative access vendors, cities and local governments, over-builders, CLECs, and ISPs.

We face increasing competition from cable operators and other service providers offering high-speed Internet and VOIP services. As VoIP
becomes a more robust and widely available service and operators continue to add more features and functionality, existing competitors could become more formidable and new competitors could enter our markets. 

We also face increasing competition from wireless communications service providers. As wireless carriers continue to expand, begin offering unlimited
calling plans or otherwise reduce their prices and improve their network coverage, some customers choose to stop using traditional wireline phone service and instead rely solely on wireless service. We anticipate that this trend will continue and
could negatively impact our wireline revenues and our current wireless offerings. Technological developments in cellular telephone, personal communications services, digital microwave, satellite, broadband radio services, local multipoint
distribution services, meshed wireless fidelity, or WiFi, and other wireless technologies are expected to permit the further development of alternatives to traditional wireline communications services. 

Many of our current and potential competitors have market presence, engineering, technical and marketing capabilities as well as financial, personnel and
other resources more abundant than ours. Mergers or other combinations involving our competitors may increase this risk factor. In addition, some of our competitors can conduct operations or raise capital at a lower cost than we can and are subject
to less regulation, taxes or fees. Consequently, some competitors are able to charge lower prices for their products and services, to develop and expand their communications and network infrastructures more quickly, to adapt more swiftly to new or
emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements and to devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and services than we can. 

Competition may adversely impact our revenues and profits in several ways, including: 

•

 Losing customers and market share; 

•

 Forcing us to lower prices or increase capital investment or marketing expenses to remain competitive; and 

•

 Increasing our need to incur additional costs to diversify by offering new products or services. 

Furthermore, customers could adversely impact revenues and profits by shifting to less profitable data-driven services. 

We face increased competition from companies offering integrated communication services. 

The traditional dividing lines between providers of local and long distance telephone services and wireless, video, Internet and cable television
services are increasingly becoming blurred, in part because of changes in the regulatory environment that have facilitated the offering of integrated services. Through mergers, joint ventures and various service expansion strategies, providers of
competing communication services are increasingly able to 

18 

provide integrated services in many of the markets we serve. Integrating services provided by another entity (e.g., satellite video) presents unique
challenges in terms of coordinating offer strategies and account logistics. However, if we don’t offer integrated service offerings, we may not be successful against competitors who do. 

New technologies may be developed that could displace our service offerings. 

We expect competition to intensify as new technologies, products and services are developed. Changes in technology may permit new entrants into the communications services marketplace, and as a result the future
prospects of the incumbent wireline industry and the success of our services remain uncertain. We cannot predict with certainty which of many possible future technologies, products or services will be important for us to develop in order to maintain
our competitive position or what expenditures will be required to develop and provide these technologies, products or services. To the extent we do not keep pace with technological advances or fail to timely respond to technology-driven changes in
our industry, we could lose market share or experience a decline in revenue and earnings or profits. 

Our industry is highly regulated and continues
to undergo various regulatory and legislative changes, which could adversely affect our prospects and results of operations. 

As an
ILEC, we have traditionally been and continue to be subject to significant regulation from federal, state and local governments and in many respects are subject to more extensive regulation than our competitors. This regulation imposes substantial
compliance costs on us, and often restricts our ability to adjust rates to reflect market conditions and impacts our ability to compete and respond to changing industry conditions. In recent years, the communications industry has undergone various
fundamental regulatory changes that have generally permitted competition in each segment of the telephone industry, while also permitting, in more limited respects, reduced regulation of ILECs. Congress and state legislatures may enact laws, and the
FCC and state regulatory commissions may adopt new regulations or take other actions that could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations. 

Proposals in Congress and at the FCC that would regulate the manner in which providers of high-speed Internet service may manage their networks or utilize data from their customers could affect our ability to manage
our network and market IP-based value-added services to our customers. These proposals are sometimes referred to as “Internet regulation” or “net neutrality” proposals. It is uncertain whether any such regulations will be adopted
or enforcement actions taken, and if so, what impact they may have on our business. 

FCC regulations require service providers to maintain
safeguards to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of Customer Proprietary Network Information, or CPNI, which were recently revised to require additional security procedures that required modifications to our practices. Additional proposed
CPNI rules are pending consideration at the FCC that could require further modification of our use and protection of this data. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission is considering principles governing on-line behavioral marketing and consumer
privacy. It is uncertain whether any new regulations or enforcement actions will be undertaken, and if so, what impact they may have on our business. 

There are also regulatory uncertainties regarding the appropriate level of compensation we receive from other carriers for calls they receive from our network or hand off to our network. There is regulatory
uncertainty surrounding the rules governing the appropriate level of compensation VoIP providers pay to exchange traffic with us, which may adversely affect our access revenues and place us at a competitive disadvantage. There is a proceeding
pending at the FCC on the pricing of special access services, which also creates uncertainty regarding the rates we charge for those services in the future. Some states are reviewing their rules regarding the appropriateness of current intrastate
switched access rates, which could adversely affect us by requiring a reduction in those rates. Although there has been little recent activity, the FCC is considering comprehensive reform of all the rules governing intercarrier compensation, which
could resolve some of these uncertainties but could also serve to reduce our revenues unless the plan provides a feasible mechanism to replace those revenues with revenues from other sources. 

19 

Various legislative and regulatory proposals are also pending on the state and federal level that could
substantially alter universal service support mechanisms, which could reduce our USF revenue and adversely affect our ability to fund the provision of services in high-cost rural markets at affordable rates. At the federal level, these proposals
include changes in the method of calculating USF contributions, reverse auctions (where carriers would bid for the right to receive USF support), broadband mandates and other fundamental structural changes to the program. Several of the states in
which we operate are also considering changes to their USF programs. 

Other pending rule changes could also have a substantial impact on
our operations, including, in particular, rule changes on intercarrier compensation and universal service. Litigation and different objectives among federal and state regulators could create uncertainty and delay our ability to respond to new
regulations. Moreover, changes in tax laws, regulations or policies could increase our tax rate. We are unable to predict the future actions of Congress, state legislatures and the various regulatory bodies that govern us, but those actions could
materially affect our business. 

Due to competitive, technological and regulatory changes our core business could decline, which could have an
adverse effect on our business and future prospects. 

Due to the competitive, technological and regulatory changes described above,
the local communications industry has recently experienced a decline in access lines, interstate and intrastate access traffic and long distance traffic. The recent decline in access lines and usage, coupled with the other changes resulting from
competitive, technological and regulatory developments, could materially adversely affect our core business and future prospects. We anticipate that expected increases in our data revenue could be more than offset by continued declines in revenues
from traditional voice services. Our access lines declined 6.3% in 2007 and 6.1% in 2006. We expect access line losses to continue due to competition and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The need to raise additional capital may adversely affect holders of our common stock by increasing our leverage and reducing our credit ratings.

We may need to incur additional debt or issue securities to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures and product
development requirements or to make acquisitions and other investments. Due to limitations in our tax sharing agreement with Sprint Nextel, for specified periods of up to 30 months following the spin-off, any additional capital we seek to raise may
have to be in the form of debt, which could increase our leverage and reduce our credit ratings. Further, any debt securities or preferred stock we issue will have liquidation rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our
common stock. If we raise funds through the issuance of common equity, ownership interest will be diluted, and we may lower the per share amount of any dividends. 

A significant portion of our workforce is unionized, and if we are unable to reach new agreements before our current labor contracts expire, our unionized workers could engage in strikes or other labor actions that could materially
disrupt our ability to provide services to our customers. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately 18 thousand
active employees. Approximately 35% of these employees were represented by unions subject to collective bargaining agreements. Of the union-represented employees, approximately 32% had collective bargaining agreements that will expire in 2008. We
cannot predict the outcome of these negotiations and may be unable to reach new agreements, and union employees may engage in strikes, work slowdowns or other labor actions, which could materially disrupt our ability to provide services. New labor
agreements may impose significant new costs on us, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations in the future. 

We
face hurricane and other natural disaster risks, which can disrupt our operations and cause us to incur substantial additional capital costs. 

Approximately 52% of our access lines are located in Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina and Texas, and our operations there are subject to the many hazards inherent in being located in areas frequently hit by

20 

severe storms, hurricanes and tornadoes, including downed telephone lines, power-outages, damaged or destroyed property and equipment, and work
interruptions. 

Although we maintain property and casualty insurance and may under certain circumstances be able to seek recovery of some
additional costs through increased rates, only a portion of our additional costs directly related to such hurricanes and natural disasters have historically been recoverable. We cannot predict whether we will continue to be able to obtain insurance
for hurricane-related damages or, if obtainable and carried, whether this insurance will be adequate to cover our losses. In addition, we expect any insurance of this nature to be subject to substantial deductibles and to provide for premium
adjustments based on claims. Any future hurricane-related costs and work interruptions could adversely affect our operations and our financial condition. 

We have substantial indebtedness, which could restrict our ability to pay dividends and have a negative impact on our financing options and liquidity. 

The extent to which we are leveraged could: 

•

 Limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions; 

•

 Limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all; 

•

 Require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to paying the principal of and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing funds
available for other corporate purposes; 

•

 Prevent or make it more difficult for us to pay our anticipated cash dividends on our common stock and remain in compliance with the term of our indebtedness; and

•

 Make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures. 

Our financing arrangements subject us to various restrictions that could limit our operating flexibility. 

Our credit agreement and other financing arrangements contain covenants and other restrictions that, among other things, require us to satisfy certain
financial tests and ratios and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness. In addition, both the indenture governing our senior notes and our credit agreement restrict our ability to create liens, which could limit our ability to incur
additional indebtedness. The restrictions and covenants in our financing arrangements, and in future financing arrangements, may limit our ability to respond to market conditions, provide for capital investment needs, or take advantage of business
opportunities by limiting the amount of additional indebtedness we may incur. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Liquidity.” 

We may not have access to capital on acceptable terms, and if we are not able to obtain sufficient financing, we may be unable to maintain or grow our business.

Since the spin-off, our credit ratings from each of the major rating agencies have remained at the lower end of investment grade.
Credit ratings affect the interest rate charged on financings, as well as the amounts of indebtedness and types of financing structures that may be available to us. Regulatory restrictions and the terms of our indebtedness limit our ability to raise
capital through our subsidiaries, pledge the stock of our subsidiaries, encumber the assets of our subsidiaries and cause our subsidiaries to guarantee our indebtedness. We may not be able to raise the capital we require on acceptable terms, if at
all. If we are not able to obtain sufficient financing, we may be unable to maintain or grow our business. Further, issuances of equity securities are subject to limitations imposed on us in the tax sharing agreement. 

21 

Risk Factors Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock 

The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile. 

The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risk factors listed in this report or for reasons not specifically related to our performance, such as
industry or market trends, reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions, or negative announcements by our customers or competitors regarding their own performance, as well as general economic and industry conditions. For example, to the extent
that other companies within our industry experience declines in their stock price, our stock price may decline as well. 

Anti-takeover provisions of
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the terms of our spin-off from Sprint Nextel, including several of our agreements with Sprint Nextel, and certain provisions of Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control that you may favor.

Provisions included in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or other change of
control that stockholders may consider favorable or may impede the ability of the holders of our common stock to change our management. Provisions in our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, among other things, include: 

•

 Limiting the right of stockholders to call meetings of stockholders; 

•

 Regulating how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at annual meetings of stockholders; 

•

 Requiring any business combination initiated by a stockholder of 10% or more of our common stock to be approved by the holders of at least 75% of our common stock;
and 

•

 Authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock in one or more series, without stockholder approval. 

An acquisition or further issuance of our equity securities could cause our spin-off from Sprint Nextel to be taxable to Sprint Nextel, requiring us
under the tax sharing agreement to indemnify Sprint Nextel for the resulting tax. Moreover, under the tax sharing agreement, we are prohibited from engaging in certain transactions involving our stock for specified periods of up to 30 months
following the spin-off, except in specified circumstances. This indemnity obligation and related provisions under the tax sharing agreement might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that you may consider favorable. 

In addition, several of the agreements that we have entered into with Sprint Nextel, including certain commercial service agreements, require Sprint
Nextel’s consent to any assignment by us of our rights and obligations under the agreements and may also be terminated upon a change of control of our company. The consent and termination rights set forth in these agreements might discourage,
delay or prevent a change of control that you may consider favorable. 

Risk Relating to the Spin-off from Sprint Nextel 

Our future financial performance may be worse than the performance reflected in our historical financial information. 

For the periods prior to spin-off, the historical financial information included in this annual report does not reflect what our results of operations
and cash flows would have been had we been an independent company during the entire periods presented. This is primarily a result of the following: 

•

 Our historical financial information for the periods prior to spin-off reflects allocations for services historically provided by Sprint Nextel. These allocations
are different from the costs and do not reflect 

22 

the increased costs associated with being an independent company, including changes in our cost structure, personnel needs, financing and operations of the
business and from reduced economies of scale; and 

•

 Our historical financial information for periods prior to spin-off does not reflect the debt and related interest expense that was incurred as part of the spin-off.
See Note 4, Long-Term Debt and Financial Instruments, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for additional information. 

For additional information about the past financial performance of our business and the basis of presentation of the historical consolidated financial statements see Item 6, “Selected Financial Data,”
Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operation” and the “Consolidated Financial Statements,” included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Before our spin-off from Sprint Nextel, our business was principally operated as one of Sprint Nextel’s business units, and therefore we have only a
brief operating history as an independent public company. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our business strategy and operations will be successful on a stand-alone basis. 

Our profitability may be adversely affected when charges cease for certain support functions that we provide to Sprint Nextel on a transitional basis following the spin-off. 

Following the spin-off, we will continue to provide support to Sprint Nextel with respect to certain functions on a transitional basis for up to two
years. Among the principal services that we provide to Sprint Nextel are billing support services, field technician support for complex voice customers and information technology application services. Amounts paid by Sprint Nextel for these services
were $29 million during 2007, and are expected to be approximately $5 million during 2008. Upon expiration of these transitional arrangements, we will need to replace such amounts with new revenue sources or otherwise reduce our cost structure
appropriately or our profitability will suffer. 

We could incur a significant liability if the distribution of Embarq common stock in the spin-off is
determined to be a taxable transaction. If the distribution does not qualify as a tax-free transaction, tax could be imposed on Sprint Nextel and we may be required to indemnify Sprint Nextel for such tax. 

On July 20, 2005, Sprint Nextel received a private letter ruling from the IRS that the spin-off qualifies for tax-free treatment under Code Sections
355 and 361. In addition, Sprint Nextel obtained an opinion of counsel from each of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP that the spin-off so qualified. Such opinions primarily addressed
those tax matters upon which the IRS customarily declines to rule. Notwithstanding the IRS private letter ruling and the opinions, the IRS could determine that the distribution should be treated as a taxable transaction if it determines that any of
the representations, assumptions or undertakings that were included in the request for the private letter ruling are false or have been violated and/or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinions that are not covered by the IRS ruling.

If the spin-off failed to qualify for tax-free treatment, it will be treated as a taxable dividend to Sprint Nextel stockholders in an
amount equal to the fair market value of our common stock issued to Sprint Nextel holders and Sprint Nextel would be required to recognize taxable gain in an amount up to the fair market value of our common stock that Sprint Nextel distributed to
its stockholders in the spin-off plus the fair market value of the senior notes that Sprint Nextel received from us. Furthermore, events after the spin-off could cause Sprint Nextel to recognize such gain even if the spin-off otherwise would have
qualified for tax-free treatment. For example, under Code Section 355(e), relatively small acquisitions of either our equity securities or Sprint Nextel’s equity securities that are deemed to be part of a plan or a series of related
transactions that include the spin-off could cause Sprint Nextel to recognize gain on the spin-off. Under the tax sharing agreement between Sprint Nextel and us, we are generally required to indemnify Sprint Nextel against any tax resulting from the
spin-off if such 

23 

tax results from (1) an issuance of our equity securities, a redemption of our equity securities or our involvement in other acquisitions of our equity
securities, (2) other actions or failures to act by us or (3) any of our representations or undertakings being incorrect or violated. We estimate that if any of these conditions occur the indemnification obligation to Sprint Nextel for
taxes would be significant and we are unlikely to have the ability to pay that obligation. 

We agreed to certain restrictions to preserve the
tax-free treatment of our spin-off from Sprint Nextel, which may reduce our strategic and operating flexibility. 

Under the tax
sharing agreement, in order to preserve the tax-free treatment to Sprint Nextel of the spin-off, for specified periods of up to 30 months following the spin-off, Embarq may be prohibited, except in specified circumstances, from: 

•

 Issuing, redeeming or being involved in other acquisitions of our equity securities; 

•

 Transferring significant amounts of our assets; 

•

 Amending our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; 

•

 Failing to comply with the IRS requirement for a spin-off that we engage in the active conduct of a trade or business after the spin-off; or

•

 Engaging in other actions or transactions that could jeopardize the tax-free status of the spin-off. 

A private letter ruling issued by the IRS after the spin-off provides us with the flexibility to pursue open market repurchases of our common stock
without adversely affecting the tax-free status of our spin-off from Sprint Nextel. 

These restrictions may limit our ability to pursue
strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business. See “Our Relationship with Sprint Nextel—Tax Sharing Agreement” in Part I, Item 1 of this annual report on Form
10-K. 

The agreements that we entered into with Sprint Nextel may involve, or may appear to involve, conflicts of interest. 

We entered into certain agreements with Sprint Nextel to provide a framework for our initial relationship with Sprint Nextel following the spin-off. We
negotiated these agreements with Sprint Nextel while we were still a wholly owned subsidiary of Sprint Nextel. Accordingly, our executive officers and some of our directors were employees, officers or directors of Sprint Nextel or its subsidiaries
at the time of the negotiations and, as such, had an obligation to serve the interests of Sprint Nextel and its subsidiaries. As a result, they could be viewed as having had a conflict of interest. 

24 

We do not benefit from the economics of ownership associated with the network infrastructure to support our long
distance and other video entertainment offerings. Additionally, we do not own or have a license to all technology that may be necessary to expand our product offerings. Both of these could adversely affect our business and profitability. 

We may need to obtain the right to use certain patents from Sprint Nextel or third parties to be able to offer new products and services.
We have the right to use all of Sprint Nextel’s existing patents for a five-year period after the spin-off, however, we do have the right to use the Sprint Nextel patents for business that we were conducting as of the spin-off for the life of
those patents. If we cannot license or otherwise obtain rights to use any required technology from Sprint Nextel following that five-year period or from a third party on reasonable terms, our ability to offer new IP-based products and services,
including VoIP, or other new offerings may be restricted, made more costly or delayed. Our inability to implement IP-based or other new offerings on a cost-effective basis could impair our ability to successfully meet increasing competition from
companies offering integrated communications services, including cable operators and other service providers offering high-speed Internet services that can be used as a platform to support voice services utilizing VoIP. Our inability to deploy new
technologies could also prevent us from successfully diversifying, modifying or bundling our service offerings and result in accelerated loss of access lines, customer usage and revenues or otherwise adversely affect our business and profitability.

Restrictions in the patent agreement entered into with Sprint Nextel could adversely affect our ability to grow through acquisitions, be acquired or
make divestitures. 

Following the spin-off, if we grow by acquisitions to become more than twice our size as of the spin-off date,
any new companies that we acquire, or operations that are integrated with new acquisitions, will not have the benefit of the patent agreement with Sprint Nextel. Also, if we undergo a change in control and there is a functional integration of our
operations with a third party we will lose the benefits of some or all of the patents governed by the patent agreement with Sprint Nextel. The benefits of that agreement do not extend to any parent company or any companies under common control with
us. These limitations may make us less attractive as an acquisition candidate and reduce the value that an acquirer would be willing to pay for our business. Divestitures of our assets and operations could also be restricted because the benefits of
the agreement would continue to apply only if divested operations or assets are isolated from the other members of the corporate group making the acquisition and only if the business is conducted in substantially the same manner and in substantially
the same geographic area that it was conducted before the divestiture. These limitations may make our assets less attractive to a potential acquirer and could reduce the value that an acquirer would be willing to pay for the assets.