Relating to our Business

We face widespread competition that may reduce our market share and harm
our financial performance.

We face significant competition from a number of different types of communications services providers,
including wireless telephone service providers, ISPs, cable companies, companies that offer VoIP and CLECs.

In particular, we face
increasing competition from wireless telephone service providers. As wireless carriers continue to expand and improve their network coverage while lowering their prices, some customers choose to stop using traditional wireline phone service and
instead rely solely on wireless service. We anticipate that this trend will continue, particularly if wireless service rates continue to decline and the quality of wireless services improves. Technological developments in cellular telephone,
personal communications services, digital microwave, satellite, broadband radio services, local multipoint distribution services, meshed wireless fidelity, or WiFi, and other wireless technologies are expected to permit the further development of
alternatives to traditional wireline communications services.

We also face increasing competition from cable operators and other service
providers offering high-speed Internet services that can be used as a platform to support voice services utilizing VoIP technology. As VoIP becomes a more robust and widely available service, existing competitors could become more formidable and new
competitors could enter our markets.

Many of our current and potential competitors have market presence, engineering, technical and
marketing capabilities as well as financial, personnel and other resources more abundant than ours. Mergers or other combinations involving our competitors may increase this risk factor. In addition, some of our competitors can conduct operations or
raise capital at a lower cost than we can and are subject to less regulation, taxes or fees. Consequently, some competitors are able to charge lower prices for their products and services, to develop and expand their communications and network
infrastructures more quickly, to adapt more swiftly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements and to devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and services than we can.

Competition may adversely impact our revenues and profits in several ways, including: 

•

 The loss of customers and market share; 

•

 The possibility of customers shifting to less profitable services; 

•

 Forcing us to lower prices or increase capital or marketing expenses to remain competitive; and 

•

 Increasing our need to incur additional costs in order to diversify by offering new products or services. 

We face increased competition from companies offering integrated communication services.

The traditional dividing lines between providers of local and long distance telephone services and wireless, video, Internet and cable television
services are increasingly becoming blurred, in part because of changes in the regulatory environment that have facilitated the offering of integrated services. Through mergers, joint ventures and various service expansion strategies, providers of
competing communication services are increasingly able to provide integrated services in many of the markets we serve. If we are unable to offer integrated service offerings, we may not be able to compete successfully against competitors that offer
more integrated service packages. 

20 

In recent years, we have broadened our service and product offerings in pursuit of our strategy of
growing our share of communications spending by customers within our local service territories. We have historically bundled Sprint Nextel’s long distance and wireless services, expanded high-speed Internet coverage and provided video
capability with Echostar Communications Corp. We also expect to offer certain wireline services and wireless services through wholesale, such as the MVNO relationship, and sales agency relationships with Sprint Nextel. 

New technologies may be developed that could displace our service offerings.

We expect competition to intensify as new technologies, products and services are developed. Changes in technology may permit new entrants into the communications services marketplace, and as a result the future
prospects of the incumbent wireline industry and the success of our services remain uncertain. We cannot predict which of many possible future technologies, products or services will be important for us to develop in order to maintain our
competitive position or what expenditures will be required to develop and provide these technologies, products or services. To the extent we do not keep pace with technological advances or fail to timely respond to technology-driven changes in our
industry, we could lose market share or experience a decline in revenue and net income.

Our industry is highly regulated and continues to undergo
various regulatory and legislative changes, which could adversely affect our prospects and results of operations.

As an ILEC, we
have traditionally been subject to significant regulation from federal, state and local authorities and in many respects are subject to more extensive regulation than some of our competitors. This regulation imposes substantial compliance costs on
us, restricts our ability to adjust rates to reflect market conditions and impacts our ability to compete and respond to changing industry conditions. In recent years, the communications industry has undergone various fundamental regulatory changes,
including those resulting from federal and state legislation, that have generally permitted competition in each segment of the telephone industry, while also in some respects reducing the regulation of ILECs. These and subsequent regulatory and
legislative changes could adversely affect us by reducing the switched access charges that we are permitted to charge customers for use of our network to originate and terminate calls, altering our tariff structures, or otherwise changing the nature
of our operations and competition in our industry. In particular, Congress and state legislatures may enact laws, and the FCC and state regulatory commissions may adopt new regulations or take other actions that could adversely affect our business
prospects or results of operations.

The regulatory uncertainty surrounding VoIP and the apparent use of VoIP by some CLECs, long distance
carriers and wireless carriers as a strategy to minimize access charges may adversely affect our access revenues. Adoption by the FCC of intercarrier compensation reform could reduce or eliminate other opportunities for access charge arbitrage, but
could also reduce our revenues unless the plan provides a feasible mechanism to replace those revenues with revenues from other sources. Depending on its outcome, the FCC’s current proceeding regarding regulation of rates for dedicated special
access services that we sell to other carriers could affect what we charge for those services in the future.

Similarly, rule changes that
permit customers to retain their wireline or wireless numbers when switching to another service provider could increase the number of our customers who choose to disconnect their wireline service and rely exclusively on their wireless service for
their communications needs. Other pending rulemakings could also have a substantial impact on our operations, including in particular rulemakings on intercarrier compensation and universal service. In addition, various federal legislative proposals
are pending that could substantially alter universal service support mechanisms, which could adversely affect the operating income we derive from those sources. Litigation and different objectives among federal and state regulators could create
uncertainty and delay our ability to respond to new regulations. Moreover, changes in tax laws, regulations or policies could increase our tax rate. We are unable to predict the future actions of Congress, state legislatures and the various
regulatory bodies that govern us, but those actions could materially affect our business.

21 

Due to competitive, technological and regulatory changes, we cannot assure you that our core business will grow,
and it could decline, which could have an adverse effect on our business and future prospects.

Due to the competitive,
technological and regulatory changes described above, the local communications industry has recently experienced a decline in access lines, interstate and intrastate access traffic and long distance traffic. The recent decline in access lines and
usage, coupled with the other changes resulting from competitive, technological and regulatory developments, could materially adversely affect our core business and future prospects. We anticipate that expected increases in our data revenue will be
partially offset by continued declines in revenues from traditional voice services. Our access lines declined 6.1%, 4.2% and 2.9% in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. We expect access line losses to continue due to competition.

The need to raise additional capital may adversely affect holders of our common stock by increasing our leverage and reducing our credit
ratings.

In addition to the financing arrangements we entered into as part of the spin-off, we may need to incur additional debt or
issue securities in order to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures and product development requirements or to make acquisitions and other investments. Due to limitations in our tax sharing agreement with Sprint Nextel, for specified
periods of up to 30 months following the spin-off, any additional capital we seek to raise may have to be in the form of debt, which could increase our leverage and reduce our credit ratings. Further, any debt securities or preferred stock we issue
will have liquidation rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we raise funds through the issuance of common equity, ownership interest will be diluted, and we may lower the per share amount of any
dividends.

A significant portion of our workforce is unionized, and if we are unable to reach new agreements before our current labor contracts
expire, our unionized workers could engage in strikes or other labor actions that could materially disrupt our ability to provide services to our customers.

As of December 31, 2006, we had approximately 20 thousand active employees. Approximately 7 thousand, or 34%, of these employees were represented by unions which are subject to collective
bargaining agreements. We cannot predict the outcome of these negotiations and may be unable to reach new agreements, and union employees may engage in strikes, work slowdowns or other labor actions, which could materially disrupt our ability to
provide services. New labor agreements may impose significant new costs on us, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations in the future.

We face hurricane and other natural disaster risks, which can disrupt our operations and cause us to incur substantial additional capital costs.

Approximately 52% of our access lines are located in Florida, North Carolina, South Carolina and Texas, and our operations there are subject to the many
hazards inherent in being located in areas frequently hit by severe storms, hurricanes and tornadoes, including downed telephone lines, power-outages, damaged or destroyed property and equipment, and work interruptions. For example, during 2004 when
numerous major hurricanes hit our local service territories, we incurred approximately $60 million of incremental labor and material costs related to service restoration and network repairs.

Although we maintain property and casualty insurance and may under certain circumstances be able to seek recovery of some additional costs through
increased rates, only a portion of our additional costs directly related to the hurricanes in 2004 and 2005 was recoverable. We cannot predict whether we will continue to be able to obtain insurance for hurricane-related damages or, if obtainable
and carried, whether this insurance will be adequate to cover our liabilities. In addition, we expect any insurance of this nature to be subject to substantial deductibles and to provide for premium adjustments based on claims. Any future
hurricane-related costs and work interruptions could adversely affect our southern operations and our financial condition.

22 

We have substantial indebtedness, which could restrict our ability to pay dividends and have a negative impact on
our financing options and liquidity.

In connection with the spin-off, we issued senior notes in an aggregate amount of $4.5 billion
and entered into a credit agreement with certain financial institutions which consisted of a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility and a $1.6 billion term agreement. The extent to which we are leveraged could: 

•

 Limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions; 

•

 Limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all; 

•

 Require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to paying the principal of and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing funds
available for other corporate purposes; 

•

 Make it more difficult for us to pay our anticipated cash dividends on our common stock; and 

•

 Make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and limit our ability to withstand competitive pressures. 

Our financing arrangements subject us to various restrictions that could limit our operating flexibility.

Our credit agreement and other financing arrangements contain covenants and other restrictions that, among other things, require us to satisfy certain
financial tests and ratios and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness. In addition, both the indenture governing the senior notes and the credit agreement restrict our ability to create liens, which could limit our ability to incur
additional indebtedness, and restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness. The restrictions and covenants in our financing arrangements, and in future financing arrangements, may limit our ability to respond to market
conditions, provide for capital investment needs or take advantage of business opportunities by limiting the amount of additional borrowings we may incur. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Liquidity.” 

We may not have access to capital on acceptable terms, and if we are not able
to obtain sufficient financing, we may be unable to maintain or grow our business.

Following the spin-off, our credit ratings were
lower than those of Sprint Nextel. Differences in credit ratings affect the interest rate charged on financings, as well as the amounts of indebtedness and types of financing structures that may be available to us. Regulatory restrictions and the
terms of our indebtedness limit our ability to raise capital through our subsidiaries, pledge the stock of our subsidiaries, encumber the assets of our subsidiaries and cause our subsidiaries to guarantee our indebtedness. We may not be able to
raise the capital we require on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are not able to obtain sufficient financing, we may be unable to maintain or grow our business. In addition, our financing costs may be higher than they were as part of Sprint Nextel
as reflected in our historical financial statements. Further, issuances of equity securities are subject to limitations imposed on us in the tax sharing agreement. 

Risk Factors Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock 

The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be volatile.

The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risk factors
listed in this report or for reasons not specifically related to our performance, such as industry or market trends, reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions, or negative announcements by our customers or competitors regarding their own
performance, as well as general economic and industry conditions. For example, to the extent that other companies within our industry experience declines in their stock price, our stock price may decline as well.

23 

Anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the terms of our spin-off from Sprint
Nextel and certain provisions of Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control that you may favor.

Provisions included in
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or other change of control that stockholders may consider favorable or may impede the ability of the holders of our common stock to change our management.
Provisions in our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, among other things, include: 

•

 Limiting the right of stockholders to call meetings of stockholders; 

•

 Regulates how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at annual meetings of stockholders; 

•

 Requires any business combination initiated by a stockholder of 10% or more of our common stock to be approved by the holders of at least 75% of our common stock;
and 

•

 Authorizes our board of directors to issue preferred stock in one or more series, without stockholder approval. 

An acquisition or further issuance of our equity securities could cause our spin-off from Sprint Nextel to be taxable to Sprint Nextel, requiring us
under the tax sharing agreement to indemnify Sprint Nextel for the resulting tax. Moreover, under the tax sharing agreement, we are prohibited from engaging in certain transactions involving our stock for specified periods of up to 30 months
following the spin-off, except in specified circumstances. This indemnity obligation and related provisions under the tax sharing agreement might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that you may consider favorable. 

In addition, several of the agreements that we have entered into with Sprint Nextel, including certain commercial service agreements, require Sprint
Nextel’s consent to any assignment by us of our rights and obligations under the agreements and may also be terminated upon a change of control of our company. The consent and termination rights set forth in these agreements might discourage,
delay or prevent a change of control that you may consider favorable.

Risk Relating to the Spin-off from Sprint Nextel 

Our future financial performance may be worse than the performance reflected in our historical financial information. 

The historical financial information included in this annual report does not reflect what our results of operations, financial position and cash flows
would have been had we been an independent company during the entire periods presented or be indicative of what our results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be in the future. This is primarily a result of the following three
factors: 

•

 For all periods before the spin–off, our historical financial information reflects allocations for services historically provided by Sprint Nextel. These
allocations are different from the costs and do not reflect the increased costs associated with being an independent company, including changes in our cost structure, personnel needs, financing and operations of the business and from reduced
economies of scale.

•

 Our historical financial information does not reflect the debt and related interest expense as described in the “Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data—Debt and Financial Instruments” that was incurred as part of the spin-off; and 

•

 For additional information about the past financial performance of our business and the basis of presentation of the historical consolidated financial statements
see Item 6, “Selected Financial Data”, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operation” and the “Consolidated Financial Statements”, included elsewhere in this
annual report on Form 10-K. 

24 

Before our spin-off from Sprint Nextel, our business was principally operated as one of Sprint
Nextel’s business units, and therefore we have only a brief operating history as an independent public company. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our business strategy and operations will be successful on a stand-alone basis.

We may experience increased costs or decreased operational efficiencies as a result of our need to replace corporate functions previously provided
by Sprint Nextel.

Sprint Nextel historically performed many important functions for our operations, including information
technology support, treasury, accounting, finance and tax administration, human resources, legal, regulatory, public relations and strategic development functions. Following the spin-off, Sprint Nextel is obligated to provide support to us with
respect to certain of these functions, including customer bill printing and mailing services, information technology application and support services, data center services and human resources helpdesk services, on a transitional basis for up to two
years. As such, we need to replicate certain facilities, systems, infrastructure and personnel before the termination of these agreements with Sprint Nextel. These initiatives are costly to implement. Capital expenditures and other costs associated
with developing and implementing our own support functions, including information technology systems and infrastructure was approximately $212 million during 2006 and we estimate that we will incur approximately $50 million in 2007. 

In addition, there may be an adverse operational impact on our business as a result of the significant time of our management and other employees and
internal resources that will need to be dedicated to building these capabilities during the first few years following the spin-off that otherwise would be available for other business initiatives and opportunities. When we begin to operate these
functions independently, if we do not have in place adequate systems and business functions of our own, or obtain them from other providers, we may not be able to operate our company efficiently and our profitability may decline.

Our profitability may be adversely affected when revenues for certain support functions that we provide to Sprint Nextel on a transitional basis following the
spin-off cease.

Following the spin-off, we will continue to provide support to Sprint Nextel with respect to certain functions on a
transitional basis for up to two years. Among the principal services that we provide to Sprint Nextel are billing support services, field technician support for complex voice customers and information technology application services. Amounts paid by
Sprint Nextel for these services were $12 million as of December 31, 2006 and are expected to be approximately $19 million until the contract for these services terminates in mid 2008. Upon expiration of these transitional arrangements, we will
need to replace such amounts with new revenue sources or otherwise reduce our cost structure appropriately or our profitability will suffer.

Our
spin-off from Sprint Nextel could adversely affect our business and profitability due to our loss of Sprint Nextel’s strong brand, reputation, capital base and purchasing power.

As a business unit of Sprint Nextel, we historically marketed our products and services using the “Sprint” brand name and logo, and we believe
the association with Sprint Nextel has provided us with preferred status among our customers and employees due to Sprint Nextel’s: 

•

 globally recognized brands; 

•

 perceived high-quality products and services; 

•

 strong capital base and financial strength; and 

•

 significant purchasing power. 

25 

We may not be able to achieve or maintain
comparable name recognition or status under our EMBARQ
TM

 brand, which could adversely affect our ability to attract
and retain customers, resulting in reduced sales and revenues. We will also incur substantial capital and other costs associated with launching and marketing our new brand. We may be required to change our marketing strategy to reflect the loss of
the preferred brand status (e.g., we could determine to more aggressively price our services for high-speed Internet access and that strategy could result in lower profitability). In addition, we have historically benefited from Sprint Nextel’s
size and purchasing power in procuring goods and services. We may be unable to obtain goods and services at prices and on terms as favorable as those obtained before the spin-off, which could decrease our overall profitability.

We could incur a significant liability if the distribution of Embarq common stock in the spin-off is determined to be a taxable transaction. If the distribution
does not qualify as a tax-free transaction, tax could be imposed on Sprint Nextel and we may be required to indemnify Sprint Nextel for such tax.

On July 20, 2005, Sprint Nextel received a private letter ruling from the IRS that the spin-off qualifies for tax-free treatment under Code Sections 355 and 361. In addition, Sprint Nextel obtained an opinion of
counsel from each of Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP that the spin-off so qualified. Such opinions primarily addressed those tax matters upon which the IRS customarily declines to rule.
Notwithstanding the IRS private letter ruling and the opinions, the IRS could determine that the distribution should be treated as a taxable transaction if it determines that any of the representations, assumptions or undertakings that were included
in the request for the private letter ruling are false or have been violated and/or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinions that are not covered by the IRS ruling. 

If the spin-off fails to qualify for tax-free treatment, it will be treated as a taxable dividend to Sprint Nextel stockholders in an amount equal to the
fair market value of our common stock issued to Sprint Nextel holders and Sprint Nextel would be required to recognize taxable gain in an amount up to the fair market value of our common stock that Sprint Nextel distributed to its stockholders in
the spin-off plus the fair market value of the senior notes that Sprint Nextel received from us. Furthermore, events after the spin-off could cause Sprint Nextel to recognize such gain even if the spin-off otherwise would have qualified for tax-free
treatment. For example, under Code Section 355(e), relatively small acquisitions of either our equity securities or Sprint Nextel’s equity securities that are deemed to be part of a plan or a series of related transactions that include the
spin-off could cause Sprint Nextel to recognize gain on the spin-off. Under the tax sharing agreement between Sprint Nextel and us, we are generally required to indemnify Sprint Nextel against any tax resulting from the spin-off if such tax results
from (1) an issuance of our equity securities, a redemption of our equity securities or our involvement in other acquisitions of our equity securities, (2) other actions or failures to act by us or (3) any of our representations or
undertakings being incorrect or violated. We estimate that if any of these conditions occur the indemnification obligation to Sprint Nextel for taxes would be significant and we are unlikely to have the ability to pay that obligation. 

We agreed to certain restrictions to preserve the tax-free treatment of our spin-off from Sprint Nextel, which may reduce our strategic and operating
flexibility.

Under the tax sharing agreement, in order to preserve the tax-free treatment to Sprint Nextel of the spin-off, for
specified periods of up to 30 months following the spin-off, Embarq may be prohibited, except in specified circumstances, from: 

•

 Issuing, redeeming or being involved in other acquisitions of our equity securities; 

•

 Transferring significant amounts of our assets; 

•

 Amending our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; 

•

 Failing to comply with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) requirement for a spin-off that we engage in the active conduct of a trade or business after the spin-off;
or 

26 

•

 Engaging in other actions or transactions that could jeopardize the tax-free status of the spin-off. 

A private letter ruling issued by the IRS after the spin-off provides us with the flexibility to pursue open market repurchases of our common stock
without adversely affecting the tax-free status of our spin-off from Sprint Nextel. 

These restrictions may limit our ability to pursue
strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business. See “Our Relationship with Sprint Nextel—Tax Sharing Agreement” in Part I, Item 1 of this annual report on Form
10-K. 

The agreements that we entered into with Sprint Nextel may involve, or may appear to involve, conflicts of interest. 

We entered into certain agreements with Sprint Nextel to provide a framework for our initial relationship with Sprint Nextel following the spin-off. We
negotiated these agreements with Sprint Nextel while we were still a wholly owned subsidiary of Sprint Nextel. Accordingly, our executive officers and some of our directors were employees, officers or directors of Sprint Nextel or its subsidiaries
at the time of the negotiations and, as such, had an obligation to serve the interests of Sprint Nextel and its subsidiaries. As a result, they could be viewed as having had a conflict of interest.

Some of the agreements we entered into with Sprint Nextel contain early termination provisions that, if exercised by Sprint Nextel, could be materially detrimental
to our ability to operate our business.

We have entered into commercial service agreements with Sprint Nextel under which each
company obtains services from the other. Some of these agreements are subject to various restrictions and early termination provisions. For instance, we market and sell our own branded wireless service under a wholesale agreement with Sprint Nextel.
Although this agreement has a seven year term beginning at spin-off, Sprint Nextel has the right to terminate the agreement if we fail to meet subscriber targets within the first two years of the agreement, if we transfer more than 50% of our
subscribers to another carrier or if a change in control of our company occurs. There are also certain restrictions that prevent us from transferring our base of wireless subscribers to another carrier. These restrictions may reduce our strategic
and operating flexibility. Early termination of these agreements could have an adverse effect on our ability to operate our business.

We do not
benefit from the economics of ownership associated with the network infrastructure to support our long distance, wireless and other entertainment offerings. Additionally, we do not own or have a license to all technology that may be necessary to
expand our product offerings. Both of these could adversely affect our business and profitability.

We may need to obtain the right
to use certain patents from Sprint Nextel or third parties to be able to offer new products and services. We have the right to use all of Sprint Nextel’s existing patents for a two-year period after the spin-off, however, we do have the right
to use the Sprint Nextel patents for business that we are conducting as of the spin-off for the life of those patents. If we cannot license or otherwise obtain rights to use any required technology from Sprint Nextel following that two-year period
or from a third party on reasonable terms, our ability to offer new IP-based products and services, including VoIP, or other new offerings may be restricted, made more costly or delayed. Our inability to implement IP-based or other new offerings on
a cost-effective basis could impair our ability to successfully meet increasing competition from companies offering integrated communications services, including cable operators and other service providers offering high-speed Internet services that
can be used as a platform to support voice services utilizing VoIP. Our inability to deploy new technologies could also prevent us from successfully diversifying, modifying or bundling our service offerings and result in accelerated loss of access
lines, customer usage and revenues or otherwise adversely affect our business and profitability. 

27 

Restrictions in the patent agreement entered into with Sprint Nextel could adversely affect our ability to grow
through acquisitions, be acquired or make divestitures.

Following the spin-off, if we grow by acquisitions to become more than
twice our size as of the spin-off date, any new companies that we acquire, or operations that are integrated with new acquisitions, will not have the benefit of the patent agreement with Sprint Nextel. Also, if we undergo a change in control and
there is a functional integration of our operations with a third party we will lose the benefits of some or all of the patents governed by the patent agreement with Sprint Nextel. The benefits of that agreement do not extend to any parent company or
any companies under common control with us. These limitations may make us less attractive as an acquisition candidate and reduce the value that an acquirer would be willing to pay for our business. Divestitures of our assets and operations could
also be restricted because the benefits of the agreement would continue to apply only if divested operations or assets are isolated from the other members of the corporate group making the acquisition and only if the business is conducted in
substantially the same manner and in substantially the same geographic area that it was conducted before the divestiture. These limitations may make our assets less attractive to a potential acquirer and could reduce the value that an acquirer would
be willing to pay for the assets.