General

This Item 1A includes forward-looking statements.  You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements included in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

The occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could adversely affect, possibly in a material manner, our business, financial condition or results of operations, which could affect the value of our common shares of beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest (which we refer to collectively as “Shares”), Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and our public unsecured debt.  In this section, we refer to the Shares, Preference Units, OP Units, restricted units and public unsecured debt together as our “securities” and the investors who own such securities as our “security holders.”

Risks Related to the ongoing COVID-19 Pandemic

The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the pace and degree of recovery, as well as the emergence of new variants, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

During the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, governments and other authorities around the world, including federal, state and local authorities in the United States, imposed measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on movement and business operations such as travel bans, border closings, business closures, quarantines, social distancing and shelter-in-place orders.  While many of the most stringent restrictions have been removed throughout our markets, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused, and could continue to cause, severe economic, market and other disruptions worldwide.  There can be no assurance that conditions will not deteriorate as a result of the pandemic.

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could materially negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity in a number of ways, including: 

•

A decrease in our rental revenues or increase in related reserves and write-offs as a potential result of:

•

The deterioration of global economic conditions as a result of the pandemic, which could ultimately decrease occupancy levels and pricing across our portfolio, reduce or defer our residents’ spending, or negatively impact our residents’ and tenants’ ability to pay their rent on time or at all;

•

Reductions in the demand for multifamily properties within our markets due to changes in resident preferences (including changes resulting from increased employer flexibility to work from home), economic disruptions due to delays in business re-openings or required re-closures, and other factors impacting demand;

•

Elevated costs or concessions required to attract or retain new and existing residents/tenants, release units due to resident or tenant nonpayment, default, or bankruptcy, or other incentives that may be less favorable to us than those that are currently in place;

•

Local and national authorities expanding or extending certain measures that impose restrictions on our ability to enforce residents’ or tenants’ contractual rental obligations
 (such as eviction moratoriums or rental forgiveness) and limit our ability to raise rents or charge certain fees;

•

Failure by local and national authorities to extend, adequately fund or administer government stimulus and relief programs which may be providing or would provide benefits to our residents (or employers of our residents) and tenants; and

•

Restrictions inhibiting our employees’ ability to meet with existing and potential residents, which has disrupted and could in the future further disrupt our ability to lease apartments and could adversely impact our rental rate and occupancy levels.

•

Our properties may also incur additional operating expenses related to the ongoing pandemic, such as higher cleaning or other related costs;

•

The risk that our access to capital at attractive terms may be diminished due to, among other factors: (i) potential disruptions in the long-term debt and commercial paper markets; (ii) the risk that a prolonged economic slowdown or recession could negatively impact our lending counterparties; and (iii) reductions in the Company’s credit ratings as a result of a protracted and more severe deterioration in our operations due to the pandemic;

11

Table of Contents

•

The risk 
of a prolonged outbreak and/or multiple waves of an outbreak of the pandemic:

a)

could cause long-term damage to economic conditions, which in turn could cause material declines in the fair value of our assets, leading to asset impairment charges; and,

b)

could cause an adverse impact on our future financial results, cash flows and financial condition and therefore our ability to pay dividends;

•

A general decline in the real estate market or demand for real estate transactions could hinder our ability to acquire or dispose of properties, or obtain financing to develop properties, including through our joint ventures;

•

The risk of delays in our development and renovation projects due to construction moratoriums, governmental movement restrictions, social distancing requirements, the closure of many permitting and inspection agencies and disruptions in the supply of labor or the supply of construction materials or other products due to problems in the broader supply chain or otherwise;

•

A possible decline in the price of our common shares due to a prolonged economic recession or other impacts described herein;

•

Increased risks of potential cyber attacks due to an increased reliance on remote working and other electronic interactions with our current and prospective residents; and

•

Potential inability to maintain adequate staffing at our properties and corporate/regional offices due to an outbreak at one or more of our properties or corporate/regional offices and/or the continued duration or expansion of the pandemic.

The extent of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic’s effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread and intensity of COVID-19 and its variants; the distribution, effectiveness and acceptance of vaccines and testing; and the pace and degree of recovery from the pandemic, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict.  To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, it may also continue to heighten many of the other risks described below.  

Risks Related to our Business Strategy

Investing in real estate is inherently subject to risks that could negatively impact our business.

Investing in real estate is subject to varying degrees and types of risk. While we seek to mitigate these risks through various strategies, including geographic diversification, market research and proactive asset management, among other techniques, these risks cannot be eliminated. Factors that may impact cash flows and real estate values include, but are not limited to:

•

Local economic conditions, particularly oversupply or reductions in demand;

•

National, regional and local political and regulatory climates, governmental fiscal health and governmental policies;

•

The inability or unwillingness of residents to pay rent increases;

•

Increases in our operating expenses due to inflationary or other pressures;

•

Cost and availability of labor and materials required to maintain our properties at acceptable standards;

•

Availability of attractive financing opportunities; 

•

Changes in social preferences; and

•

Additional risks that are discussed below.

The geographic concentration of our properties could have an adverse effect on our operations.

While the Company continues to diversify its portfolio with the addition of the expansion markets, the Company’s properties are still predominantly concentrated in our established coastal markets.  If one or more of these markets is unfavorably impacted by specific economic conditions, local real estate conditions, increases in social unrest, increases in real estate and other taxes, reduced quality of life, deterioration of local or state government health, rent control or stabilization laws, localized environmental issues or natural/man-made disasters, the impact of such conditions may have a more negative impact on our results of operations than if our properties were more geographically diverse.

Within its markets, the Company is also predominantly concentrated in certain dense urban and suburban submarkets.  To the extent that these markets or submarkets within these markets become less desirable to operate in, including changes in multifamily housing supply and demand, our results of operations could be more negatively impacted than if we were more diversified within our markets or invested in a greater number of markets.   

12

Table of Contents

Competition in multifamily housing may negatively affect operations and demand for the Company’s properties or residents
.

Our properties face competition for residents from other existing or new multifamily properties, condominiums, single family homes and other living arrangements, whether owned or rental, that may attract residents from our properties or prospective residents that would otherwise choose to live with us.  As a result, we may not be able to renew existing resident leases or enter into new resident leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates or terms that are less favorable than our current rates or terms, resulting in a material impact on our results of operations.

Additionally, our properties face competition for residents as a result of technology innovation.  Therefore, we may not be able to retain residents or attract new residents if we are unable to identify and cost effectively implement new, relevant technologies and keep up with constantly changing resident demand for the latest innovations.  

The short-term nature of apartment leases exposes us more quickly to the effects of declining market rents, potentially making our results of operations and cash flows more volatile. 

Generally, our residential apartment leases are for twelve months or less.  If the terms of the renewal or releasing are less favorable than current terms, then the Company’s results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. Given our generally shorter-term lease structure, our rental revenues are impacted by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms.  In addition, operating expenses associated with each property, such as real estate taxes, insurance, utilities, maintenance costs and employee wages and benefits, may not decline as quickly or at the same rate as revenues when circumstances might cause a reduction of those revenues at our properties.  

Competition for acquisitions may prevent us from acquiring properties on favorable terms.

We may not be successful in pursuing acquisition and development opportunities.  We expect that other real estate investors will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our development and acquisition efforts.  We may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms.  

Operations from new acquisitions, development projects and renovations may fail to perform as expected.

We intend to actively acquire, develop and renovate multifamily operating properties as part of our business strategy.  Newly acquired, developed or renovated properties may not perform as we expect.  We may overestimate the revenue (or underestimate the expenses) that these new or repositioned properties may generate.  The occupancy rates and rents at these properties may also fail to meet our expectations for these investments. We may also underestimate the costs necessary to operate an acquired or developed property to the standards established for its intended market position. Land parcels acquired for development may lose significant value prior to the start of construction.  Development and renovations are subject to even greater uncertainties and risks due to the complexities and lead time to build or complete these projects.  We may also underestimate the costs to complete a development property or to complete a renovation.  

Construction risks on our development projects could affect our profitability.

We intend to continue to develop multifamily properties through both wholly owned and joint venture arrangements as part of our business strategy.  Development often includes long planning and entitlement timelines, subjecting the project to changes in market conditions.  It can involve complex and costly activities, including significant environmental remediation or construction work in our markets.  We may also experience an increase in costs due to general disruptions that affect the cost of labor and/or materials, such as supply chain disruptions, trade disputes, tariffs, labor unrest, geopolitical conflicts or other factors that create inflationary pressures.  We may abandon opportunities that we have already begun to explore for a number of reasons, and as a result, we may fail to recover expenses or option payments already incurred in exploring those opportunities.  We may also be unable to obtain, or experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental or third-party permits and authorizations.  These and other risks inherent in development projects, including the joint venture risks noted below. could result in increased costs or the delay or abandonment of opportunities.  

13

Table of Contents

Because real estate investments are illiquid, we may not be able to sell properties when appropriate.

Real estate investments often cannot be sold quickly due to regulatory constraints, market conditions or otherwise.  As a result, we may not be able to reconfigure our portfolio, including the diversification of our portfolio into the expansion markets, as promptly as planned or in response to changing economic or other conditions.  We may also be unable to consummate dispositions in a timely manner, on attractive terms, or at all.  The capitalization rates/disposition yields at which properties may be sold could also be higher than historic rates, thereby reducing our potential proceeds from sale. In some cases, we may also determine that we will not recover the carrying amount of the property upon disposition.  This inability to reallocate our capital promptly could negatively affect our financial condition, including our ability to make distributions to our security holders.

We are subject to risks involved in real estate activity through joint ventures.

We currently, and may continue to in the future, develop and acquire properties in joint ventures with unrelated third parties.  Joint ventures create risks including the following: 

•

The possibility that our partners might refuse or be financially unable to make capital contributions when due or may fail to meet contractual obligations to cover development cost overruns and therefore we may be forced to make contributions to protect our investments;

•

These projects generally use mortgage debt to finance their activities at a higher leverage level than how we finance the Company as a whole;   

•

We may be responsible to our partners for indemnifiable losses;

•

Our partners might at any time have business or economic goals that are inconsistent with ours; and

•

Our partners may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our recommendations, instructions or requests.

At times we have entered into agreements providing for joint and several liability with our partners.  We also have in the past and could choose in the future to guarantee part of or all of certain joint venture debt.  We and our respective joint venture partners may each have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement that could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time or price that is unfavorable to us.  To the extent we have commitments to, on behalf of or are dependent on any such off-balance sheet commitments, or if those commitments or their properties or leases are subject to material contingencies, our liquidity and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

In some instances, our joint venture partners may also have competing interests or objectives that could create conflicts of interest similar to those noted above. These objectives may be contrary to our compliance with the REIT requirements, and our REIT status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with those requirements. To the extent our partners do not meet their obligations to us or our joint ventures, or they take actions inconsistent with the interests of the joint venture, it could have a negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition, including distributions to our security holders.

The Company’s real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges.

A decline in the fair value of our assets may require us to recognize an impairment against our assets under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 
(“GAAP”) if we were to determine that, with respect to any assets in unrealized loss positions, we do not have the ability and intent to hold such assets for a period of time sufficient to allow for recovery of the depreciated cost of such assets. If such a determination were to be made, we would recognize unrealized losses through earnings and write-down the depreciated cost of such assets to a new cost basis, based on the fair value of such assets on the date they are considered to be impaired. Such impairment charges reflect non-cash losses at the time of recognition; subsequent disposition or sale of such assets could further affect our future losses or gains, as they are based on the difference between the sale price received and adjusted amortized cost of such assets at the time of sale. If we are required to recognize material asset impairment charges in the future, these charges could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Corporate social responsibility, specifically related to ESG, may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks.

Environmental sustainability, social and governance evaluations remain highly important to some investors and other stakeholders.  Certain organizations that provide corporate governance and other corporate risk advisory services to investors have developed scores and ratings to evaluate companies and investment funds based upon ESG metrics.  Many investors focus on positive ESG-related business practices and scores when choosing to allocate their capital and may consider a company's score as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision.  Investors' increased focus and activism related to ESG and similar matters may constrain our business operations or increase expenses or capital expenditures. In addition, investors may decide to 

14

Table of Contents

refrain from investing in us as a result of their assessment of our approach to and consideration of ESG factors
.  We may face reputational damage in the event our corporate responsibility procedures or standards do not meet the standards set by various constituencies.  Although we have generally scored highly in these metrics to date, there can be no assurance that we will continue to score highly in the future.  In addition, the criteria by which companies are rated 
for ESG efforts 
may change, which could cause us to receive lower scores than in previous years.  A low ESG score could result in a negative perception of the Company, exclusion of our securities from consideration by certain investors who may elect to invest with our competition instead and/or cause investors to reallocate their capital away from the Company, all of which could have an adverse impact on the price of our securities.

Risks Related to our Financing Strategy and Capital Structure 

Disruptions in the financial markets could hinder our ability to obtain debt and equity financing and impact our acquisitions and dispositions.

Dislocations and disruptions in capital markets could result in increased costs or lack of availability of debt financing (including under our commercial paper program) and equity financing.  Such events may affect our ability to refinance existing debt, require us to utilize higher cost alternatives and/or impair our ability to adjust to changing economic and business conditions.  Capital market disruptions could negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions or make it more difficult or not possible for us to sell properties or may unfavorably affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell.  Such disruptions could cause the price of our securities to decline.

Changes in market conditions and volatility of share prices could decrease the market price of our Common Shares.

The stock markets, including the New York Stock Exchange on which we list our Common Shares, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations over time.  As a result, the market price of our Common Shares could be similarly volatile.  Investors in our Common Shares consequently may experience a decrease in the value of their shares, including decreases due to this volatility and not necessarily related to our operating performance or prospects.  Additionally, the market price of our Common Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly in response to the sale of substantial amounts of our Common Shares, or the anticipation of the sale of such shares, by large holders of our securities, as well as our inclusion or exclusion from stock indices.  The issuance of additional Common Shares by the Company, or the perception that such issuances might occur, could also cause significant volatility and decreases in the value of our shares.

Our financial counterparties may not perform their obligations.

Although we have not experienced any material counterparty non-performance, disruptions in financial and credit markets or other events could impair the ability of our counterparties to perform under their contractual obligations to us.  There are multiple financial institutions that are individually committed to provide borrowings under our revolving credit facility.  Should any of these institutions fail to perform their obligations when contractually required, our financial condition could be adversely affected.

Rising interest rates can increase costs and impact the value of the Company’s assets.

The Company is exposed to market risk from financial instruments primarily from changes in market interest rates.  Such risks derive from the refinancing of debt, exposure to interest rate fluctuations in floating rate debt and from derivative instruments utilized to swap fixed rate debt to floating rates or to hedge rates in anticipation of future debt issuances.  Increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense and the costs of refinancing existing debt.  Higher interest rates could also result in increased capitalization rates, which may lead to reduced valuations of the Company’s assets.

Insufficient cash flow could affect our ability to service existing debt and create refinancing risk.

We are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments.  We may not be able to refinance existing debt and if we can, the terms of such refinancing may be less favorable than the terms of existing indebtedness.  Our inability to refinance, extend or repay debt with proceeds from other capital market transactions would negatively impact our financial condition.  If the debt is secured, the mortgage holder may also foreclose on the property.  

A significant downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our performance.

A significant downgrade in our credit ratings, while not affecting our ability to draw proceeds under the Company’s revolving credit facility, would cause the corresponding borrowing costs to increase, impact our ability to borrow secured and unsecured debt, and potentially impair our ability to access the commercial paper market or otherwise limit our access to capital.  In addition, a 

15

Table of Contents

downgrade below investment grade

would likely cause us to lose access to the commercial paper markets and would require us to post cash collateral and/or letters of credit in favor of some of our secured lenders to cover our self-insured property and liability insurance deductibles or to obtain lower deductible insurance compliant with the lenders’ requirements at the lower ratings level.

Financial covenants could limit operational flexibility and affect our overall financial position.

The terms of our credit agreements, including our revolving credit facility and the indentures under which a substantial portion of our unsecured debt was issued, require us to comply with a number of financial covenants. These covenants may limit our flexibility to run our business and breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness and trigger a cross default of other debt.

Some of our properties are financed with tax-exempt bonds or otherwise contain restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, including affordability requirements, which limit income from certain properties.  The Company monitors compliance with the restrictive covenants and deed restrictions that affect these properties.  While we generally believe that the interest rate benefit from financing properties with tax-exempt bonds more than outweighs any loss of income due to restrictive covenants or deed restrictions, this may not always be the case.  Some of these requirements are complex, and our failure to comply with them may subject us to material fines or liabilities.

We may change the dividend policy for our securities in the future. 

The decision to declare and pay dividends on our securities, as well as the timing, amount and composition of any such future dividends, is at the discretion of the Board of Trustees and will depend on actual and projected financial conditions, the Company’s actual and projected liquidity and operating results, the Company’s projected cash needs for capital expenditures and other investment activities and such other factors as the Company’s Board of Trustees deems relevant.  The Board of Trustees may modify our dividend policy from time to time and any change in our dividend policy could negatively impact the market price of our securities.

Issuances or sales of our Common Shares or Units may be dilutive.

Any additional issuance of Common Shares or Units would reduce the percentage of our Common Shares and Units owned by existing investors. In most circumstances, shareholders and unitholders will not be entitled to vote on whether or not we issue additional Common Shares or Units. In addition, depending on the terms and pricing of additional offerings of our Common Shares or Units along with the value of our properties, our shareholders and unitholders could experience dilution in both the book value and fair value of their Common Shares or Units, as well as dilution in our actual and expected earnings per share, funds from operations (“FFO”) per share and Normalized FFO per share.

Regulatory and Tax Risks

The adoption of, or changes in, rent control or rent stabilization regulations and eviction regulations in our markets could have an adverse effect on our operations and property values. 

A growing number of state and local governments have enacted and may continue to consider enacting and/or expanding rent control, rent stabilization or other regulations, which limit or could continue to limit our ability to raise rents or charge certain fees, either of which could have a retroactive effect. We continue to see increases in governmental entities considering or being urged by advocacy groups to consider rent forgiveness, rent control or rent stabilization regulations or expand coverage of existing regulations in our markets.  These regulations may also make changes to and/or expand eviction and other tenants’ rights regulations that may limit our ability to enforce residents’ or tenants’ contractual rental obligations (such as eviction moratoriums), 
pursue collections or charge certain fees, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and property values.    

Compliance or failure to comply with regulatory requirements could result in substantial costs. 

Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements, building and zoning codes, environmental and other ESG regulations, and federal, state and local accessibility requirements, including and in addition to those imposed by the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Fair Housing Act. Noncompliance could result in fines, subject us to lawsuits and require us to remediate or repair the noncompliance. Existing requirements could change and compliance with future requirements may require significant unanticipated expenditures that could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.

Environmental problems are possible and can be costly.

Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require current or previous owners or operators of real estate to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances at such properties.  The owner or operator 

16

Table of Contents

may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination.  These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants.  Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred.  Third parties may also sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site.  We cannot be assured that existing environmental assessments of our properties reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner of any of our properties did not create a material environmental condition not known to us, or that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any of our properties.

Changes in U.S. accounting standards may materially and adversely affect the reporting of our operations.

The Company follows GAAP, which is established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), an independent body whose standards are recognized by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) as authoritative for publicly held companies.  The FASB and the SEC create and interpret accounting standards and may issue new accounting pronouncements or change the interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements.  These changes could have a material impact on our reported consolidated results of operations and financial position.

Any weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting could result in a decrease of our share price.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal control over financial reporting.  If we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which in turn could have a negative impact on our share price.

Our failure to qualify as a REIT would have serious adverse consequences to our security holders.

We plan to continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a REIT.  Many of these requirements, for which there is limited judicial and administrative interpretation, however, are highly technical and complex.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee that we have qualified or will qualify as a REIT in the future.  The determination that we are a REIT requires an analysis of various factual matters that may not be totally within our control.  To qualify as a REIT, our assets must be substantially comprised of real estate assets as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and related guidance and our gross income must generally come from rental and other real estate or passive related sources that are itemized in the REIT tax laws.  We are also required to distribute to security holders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income excluding net capital gains.

If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates and would have to pay significant income taxes unless the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) granted us relief under certain statutory provisions.  In addition, we would remain disqualified from taxation as a REIT for four years following the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT.  We would therefore have less money available for investments or for distributions to security holders and would no longer be required to make distributions to security holders.  This would likely have a significant negative impact on the value of our securities.  

In addition, certain of our subsidiary entities have elected to be taxed as REITs.  As such, each must separately satisfy all of the requirements to qualify for REIT status.  If a subsidiary REIT did not satisfy such requirements, and certain relief provisions did not apply, it would be taxed as a regular corporation and its income would be subject to U.S. federal income taxation.   Failure to comply with these complex REIT rules at the subsidiary REIT level can have a material and detrimental impact to EQR’s REIT status.

Gain on disposition of assets held for sale in the ordinary course of business is subject to 100% tax. 

Any gain resulting from transfers of properties we hold as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business is treated as income from a prohibited transaction subject to a 100% penalty tax unless certain safe harbor exceptions set forth in the Code apply.  We do not believe that our transfers or disposals of property are prohibited transactions.  However, whether property is held for investment purposes is a question that depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction.  The IRS may contend that certain transfers or dispositions of properties by us or contributions of properties are prohibited transactions.  While we believe the IRS would not prevail in any such dispute, if the IRS were to argue successfully that a transfer or disposition of property constituted a prohibited transaction, we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any gain allocable to us from the prohibited transaction.  In addition, income from a prohibited transaction might adversely affect our ability to satisfy the income tests for qualification as a REIT.

17

Table of Contents

We may be subject to 
legislative or regulatory tax changes that could negatively impact our financial condition
.

At any time, U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs or impacting real estate or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be enacted or amended. We cannot predict if or when any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, IRS and U.S. Department of Treasury regulations or other administrative guidance, will be adopted or become effective and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively.  The Company and our shareholders could be negatively impacted by any such change in, or any new, U.S. federal income tax law, regulations or administrative guidance.

Distribution requirements may limit our flexibility to manage our portfolio.

In order to maintain qualification as a REIT under the Code, a REIT must annually distribute to its shareholders at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, excluding the dividends paid deduction and net capital gains.  To the extent the REIT does not distribute all its net capital gain, or distributes at least 90%, but less than 100% of its REIT taxable income, it will be required to pay regular U.S. federal income tax on the undistributed amount at corporate rates.  In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on amounts, if any, by which distributions we pay in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our net capital gains and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years.  We may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90% distribution requirement. We may be required from time to time, under certain circumstances, to accrue as income for tax purposes interest and rent earned but not yet received.  We may incur a reduction in tax depreciation without a reduction in capital expenditures.  Difficulties in meeting the 90% distribution requirement might arise due to competing demands for our funds or due to timing differences between tax reporting and cash distributions, because deductions may be disallowed, income may be reported before cash is received, expenses may have to be paid before a deduction is allowed or because the IRS may make a determination that adjusts reported income.  In addition, gain from the sale of property may exceed the amount of cash received on a leverage-neutral basis.  A substantial increase to our taxable income may reduce the flexibility of the Company to manage its portfolio through dispositions of properties other than through tax deferred transactions, such as Section 1031 exchanges, or cause the Company to borrow funds or liquidate investments on unfavorable terms in order to meet these distribution requirements.  If we do not dispose of our properties through tax deferred transactions, we may be required to distribute the gain proceeds to shareholders or pay income tax.  If we fail to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement and are unable to cure the deficiency, we would cease to be taxed as a REIT, resulting in substantial tax-related liabilities.

We have a share ownership limit for REIT tax purposes.

To remain qualified as a REIT for U.S.  federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding Shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of any year.  To facilitate maintenance of our REIT qualification, our Declaration of Trust, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits ownership by any single shareholder of more than five percent of the lesser of the number or value of any outstanding class of common or preferred shares (the “Ownership Limit”).  Absent an exemption or waiver granted by our Board of Trustees, securities acquired or held in violation of the Ownership Limit will be transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and the security holder’s rights to distributions and to vote would terminate.  A transfer of Shares may automatically be deemed void if it causes a person to violate the Ownership Limit.  The Ownership Limit could delay or prevent a change in control and, therefore, could affect our security holders’ ability to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price for their Shares.  To reduce the ability of the Board to use the Ownership Limit as an anti-takeover device, the Company’s Ownership Limit requires, rather than permits, the Board to grant a waiver of the Ownership Limit if the individual seeking a waiver demonstrates that such ownership would not jeopardize the Company’s status as a REIT.  

Tax elections regarding distributions may impact future liquidity of the Company or our shareholders.

Under certain circumstances we have made and/or may consider making in the future, a tax election to treat certain distributions to shareholders made after the close of a taxable year as having been distributed during such closed taxable year.  This election, which is provided for in the Code, may allow us to avoid increasing our dividends or paying additional income taxes in the current year.  However, this could result in a constraint on our ability to decrease our dividends in future years without creating risk of either violating the REIT distribution requirements or generating additional income tax liability. In addition, the Company may be required to pay interest to the IRS based on such a distribution.

In order to retain liquidity and continue to satisfy the REIT distribution requirements, the Company could issue shares rather than pay a dividend entirely in cash to shareholders. The IRS has published several rulings which have allowed REITs to offer shareholders the choice between shares or cash as a form of payment of a dividend (an “elective stock dividend”).  However, REITs are generally required to structure the cash component to be no less than 20% of the total dividend paid.  Therefore, it is possible that the total tax burden to shareholders resulting from an elective stock dividend may exceed the amount of cash received by the shareholder.

Inapplicability of Maryland law limiting certain changes in control.

Certain provisions of Maryland law applicable to REITs prohibit “business combinations” (including certain issuances of equity securities) with any person who beneficially owns ten percent or more of the voting power of outstanding securities, or with an 

18

Table of Contents

affiliate who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting securities (an “Interested Shareholder”), or with an affiliate of an Interested Shareholder.  These prohibitions last for five years after the most recent date on which the Interested Shareholder became an Interested Shareholder.  After the five-year period, a business combination with an Interested Shareholder must be approved by two super-majority shareholder votes unless, among other conditions, holders of common shares receive a minimum price for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the Interested Shareholder for its common shares.  As permitted by Maryland law, however, the Board of Trustees of the Company has opted out of these restrictions with respect to any business combination involving Sam Zell and certain of his affiliates and persons acting in concert with them.  Consequently, the five-year prohibition and the super-majority vote requirements will not apply to a business combination involving us and/or any of them.  Such business combinations may not be in the best interest of our security holders.

General Risk Factors

Risk of Pandemics or Other Health Crisis. 

A pandemic, epidemic or other health crisis, similar to the ongoing outbreak of COVID-19, affecting areas where our properties, corporate/regional offices or major service providers are located could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our reputation and business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.

A cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt payment collections and operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information, including information regarding our residents, prospective residents, employees and employees’ dependents.  

Despite system redundancy, the implementation of security measures, required employee awareness training and the existence of a disaster recovery plan for our internal information technology systems, our systems and systems maintained by third-party vendors with which we do business are vulnerable to damage from any number of sources.  We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber attacks or cyber intrusions over the Internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to emails, phishing attempts, ransomware or other scams, persons inside our organization or persons/vendors with access to our systems and other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems, including property infrastructure.  Our information technology networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations.  Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed not to be detected and, in fact, may not be detected.  Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk.  

We may periodically collect and store personally identifiable information of our residents and prospective residents in connection with our leasing activities, and we may collect and store personally identifiable information of our employees and their dependents.  In addition, we often engage third-party service providers that may have access to such personally identifiable information in connection with providing necessary information technology, security and other business services to us.  The systems of these third-party service providers may contain defects in design or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise personally identifiable information.  Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our information technology networks and those of our third-party providers and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. 

We address potential breaches or disclosure of this confidential personally identifiable information by implementing a variety of security measures intended to protect the confidentiality and security of this information including (among others):  (a) engaging reputable, recognized firms to help us design and maintain our information technology and data security systems; (b) conducting periodic testing and verification of information and data security systems, including performing ethical hacks of our systems to discover where any vulnerabilities may exist; (c) providing periodic employee awareness training around phishing and other scams, malware and other cyber risks; and (d) systematically deleting personally identifiable information that no longer is required.  The Company also has a cyber liability insurance policy to provide some coverage for certain risks arising out of data and network breaches and data privacy regulations which provides a policy aggregate limit and a per occurrence deductible.  Cyber liability insurance generally covers, among other things, costs associated with the wrongful release, through inadvertent breach or network 

19

Table of Contents

attack, of personally identifiable information.  However, there can be no assurance that these measures will prevent a cyber incident or that our cyber liability insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover our losses in the event of a cyber incident.

A breach or significant and extended disruption in the function of our systems, including our primary website, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose residents and revenues, result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws, generate third-party claims, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personally identifiable and confidential information and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues.  We may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers, our insurers or any other responsible parties.  As a result, there can be no assurance that our financial results would not be negatively impacted.

We are also subject to laws, rules, and regulations in the United States, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), relating to the collection, use, and security of resident, customer, employee and other data. Evolving compliance and operational requirements under the CCPA and the privacy laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate may impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. Our failure to comply with laws, rules, and regulations related to privacy and data protection could harm our business or reputation or subject us to fines and penalties.

The Audit Committee is primarily responsible for oversight of the risk management process related to cybersecurity and typically meets no less often than annually with Company information technology personnel to discuss recent trends in cyber risks and the Company’s strategy to defend its business systems and information against cyber attacks as well as the Company’s efforts to comply with data privacy laws such as the CCPA.

Our business and operations rely on specialized information technology systems, the failure of or inadequacy of which could impact our business.

Our ability to identify, implement and maintain appropriate information technology systems differentiates and creates competitive advantages for us in the operations of our business.  These systems often are developed and hosted by third-party vendors whom we rely upon for ongoing maintenance, upgrades and enhancements.  While we maintain a rigorous process around selecting appropriate information technology systems and partnering with vendors, our failure to adequately do so could negatively impact our operations and competitive position.

We depend on our key personnel.

We depend on the efforts of our trustees and executive officers.  If one or more of them resign or otherwise cease to be employed by us, our business and results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.  

Litigation risk could affect our business.

We may become involved in legal proceedings, claims, actions, inquiries and investigations in the ordinary course of business.  These legal proceedings may include, but are not limited to, proceedings related to consumer, shareholder, securities, employment, environmental, development, condominium conversion, tort, eviction and commercial legal issues.  Litigation can be lengthy and expensive, and it can divert management's attention and resources. Results cannot be predicted with certainty, and an unfavorable outcome in litigation could result in liability material to our financial condition or results of operations.

Insurance policies can be costly and may not cover all losses, which may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.

The Company’s property, general liability and workers compensation insurance policies provide coverage with substantial per occurrence deductibles and/or self-insured retentions.  These self-insurance retentions can be a material portion of insurance losses in excess of the base deductibles.  While the Company has previously purchased incremental insurance coverage in the event of multiple non-catastrophic occurrences within the same policy year, these substantial deductible and self-insured retention amounts do expose the Company to greater potential for uninsured losses and this additional multiple occurrences coverage may not be available at all or on commercially reasonable terms in the future.  We believe the policy specifications and insured limits of these policies are adequate and appropriate; however, there are certain types of extraordinary losses which may not be adequately covered under our insurance program.  As a result, our financial results could be adversely affected and may vary significantly from period to period.

The Company relies on third-party insurance providers for its property, general liability, workers compensation and other insurance, and should any of them experience liquidity issues or other financial distress, it could negatively impact their ability to pay claims under the Company’s policies.  

20

Table of Contents

Earthquake risk:

Our policies insuring against e
arthquake losses have substantial deductibles which are applied to the values of the buildings involved in the loss.  
With the
 geographic concentration 
of our properties
, a single earthquake affecting a market may have a significant negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations.  
We cannot assure that an earthquake would not cause damage or losses greater than insured levels.  In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property or market, as well as anticipated future revenue. 

Terrorism risk:  The Company has terrorism insurance coverage which excludes losses from nuclear, biological and chemical attacks.  In the event of a terrorist attack impacting one or more of our properties, we could lose the revenues from the property, our capital investment in the property and possibly face liability claims from residents or others suffering injuries or losses.

Catastrophic weather and natural disaster risk:  Our properties may be located in areas that could experience catastrophic weather and other natural disasters from time to time, including wildfires, snow or ice storms, hail, windstorms or hurricanes, drought, flooding or other severe disasters.  These severe weather and natural disasters could cause substantial damages or losses to our properties which may not be covered or could exceed our insurance coverage.  Exposure to this risk could also result in a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions.  

Climate change risk: To the extent that significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience severe weather, which may result in physical damage to or decrease the demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. Should the impact of climate change be material in nature, significant property damage or destruction of our properties could result.  In addition, climate change could cause a significant increase in insurance premiums and deductibles or a decrease in the availability of coverage, either of which could expose the Company to even greater uninsured losses. Our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, changes in federal, state and local legislation and regulation based on concerns about climate change could adversely impact the value of our properties or result in increased capital expenditures on our existing properties and our new development properties.

Provisions of our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws could inhibit changes in control.

Certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws may delay or prevent a change in control of the Company or other transactions that could provide the security holders with a premium over the then-prevailing market price of their securities or which might otherwise be in the best interest of our security holders.  This includes the Ownership Limit described above.  While our existing preferred shares/preference units do not have all of these provisions, any future series of preferred shares/preference units may have certain voting provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders.  Our Bylaws require certain information to be provided by any security holder, or persons acting in concert with such security holder, who proposes business or a nominee at an annual meeting of shareholders, including disclosure of information related to hedging activities and investment strategies with respect to our securities.  These requirements could delay or prevent a change in control or other transactions that might otherwise be in the interest of our security holders.  The Board of Trustees may use its powers to issue preferred shares and to set the terms of such securities to delay or prevent a change in control of the Company even if a change in control were in the interest of the security holders.