General

The following Risk Factors may
contain defined terms that are different from those used in the other sections
of this report.  Unless otherwise
indicated, when used in this section, the terms “we
” and 
“us
”
refer to ERP Operating Limited Partnership, an Illinois limited partnership,
and its subsidiaries.  ERP Operating
Limited Partnership is controlled by its general partner, Equity Residential, a
Maryland real estate investment trust.

8

The occurrence of the
events discussed in the following risk factors could adversely affect, possibly
in a material manner, our business, financial condition or results of
operations, which could adversely affect the value of our preference interests
(“Interests”) of a subsidiary of ERP Operating Limited Partnership; preference
units (“Units”); or units of limited partnership interest (“OP Units”) of ERP
Operating Limited Partnership.  In this
section, we refer to the Interests, Units and the OP Units together as our “securities”
and the investors who own Interests, Units and/or OP Units as our “security
holders”.

Our Performance and OP Unit Value are Subject to
Risks Associated with the Real Estate Industry

                General

                Real
property investments are subject to varying degrees of risk and are relatively
illiquid. Several factors may adversely affect the economic performance and
value of our properties.  These factors
include changes in the national, regional and local economic climates, local
conditions such as an oversupply of multifamily properties or a reduction in
demand for our multifamily properties, the attractiveness of our properties to
residents, competition from other available multifamily property owners and
changes in market rental rates.  Our
performance also depends on our ability to collect rent from residents and to
pay for adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including
real estate taxes, which could increase over time.  Also, the expenses of owning and operating a
property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors
and competition cause a reduction in income from the property.

                We
May Be Unable to Renew Leases or Relet Units as Leases Expire

                When
our residents decide not to renew their leases upon expiration, we may not be
able to relet their units.  Even if the
residents do renew or we can relet the units, the terms of renewal or reletting
may be less favorable than current lease terms. 
Because virtually all of our leases are for apartments, they are
generally for terms of no more than one year. 
If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the units, or if
the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than
expected rates, then our results of operations and financial condition will be
adversely affected.  Consequently, our
cash flow and ability to service debt and make distributions to security
holders would be reduced.

New Acquisitions,
Developments and/or Condominium Conversion Projects May Fail to Perform as
Expected and Competition for Acquisitions May Result in Increased Prices
for Properties

                We
intend to actively acquire and develop multifamily properties for rental
operations and/or conversion into condominiums, as well as upgrade and sell
existing properties as individual condominiums. We may underestimate the costs
necessary to bring an acquired or development property up to standards
established for its intended market position. 
Additionally, we expect that other major real estate investors with
significant capital will compete with us for attractive investment
opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our
development efforts.  This competition
may increase prices for multifamily properties or decrease the price at which
we expect to sell individual properties. 
We may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to
make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms.  We also plan to develop more properties
ourselves in addition to co-investing with our development partners for either
the rental or condominium market, depending on opportunities in each sub-market.  This may increase the overall level of risk
associated with our developments.  The
total number of development units, cost of development and estimated completion
dates are subject to uncertainties arising from changing economic conditions
(such as the cost of labor and construction materials), competition and local
government regulation.

Because Real Estate
Investments Are Illiquid, We May Not Be Able to Sell Properties When
Appropriate

                Real
estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly.  We may not be able to reconfigure our portfolio
promptly in response to economic or other conditions.  This inability to respond promptly to changes
in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial
condition and ability to 

9

make distributions to our security holders.

                Changes
in Laws and Litigation Risk Could Affect Our Business

                We
are generally not able to pass through to our residents under existing leases
real estate or other federal, state or local taxes.  Consequently, any such tax increases may
adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to make
distributions to our security holders. 
Similarly, changes that increase our potential liability under
environmental laws or our expenditures on environmental compliance would
adversely affect our cash flow and ability to make distributions on our
securities.

                We
may become involved in legal proceedings, including but not limited to,
proceedings related to consumer, employment, development, condominium conversion,
tort and commercial legal issues that if decided adversely to or settled by us,
could result in liability material to our financial condition or results of
operations.

                Environmental
Problems Are Possible and Can Be Costly

                Federal,
state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the
environment may require a current or previous owner or operator of real estate
to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product
releases at such property.  The owner or
operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property
damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in
connection with the contamination.  These
laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to
whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the
contaminants.  Even if more than one
person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by
the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs
incurred.  In addition, third parties may
sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from
environmental contamination emanating from that site.

                Substantially
all of our properties have been the subject of environmental assessments
completed by qualified independent environmental consultant companies.  These environmental assessments have not
revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that our management
believes would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition or liquidity.

                Over
the past several years, there have been an increasing number of lawsuits
against owners and managers of multifamily properties alleging personal injury
and property damage caused by the presence of mold in residential real
estate.  Some of these lawsuits have
resulted in substantial monetary judgments or settlements.  Insurance carriers have reacted to these
liability awards by excluding mold related claims from standard policies and
pricing mold endorsements at prohibitively high rates.  We have adopted programs designed to minimize
the existence of mold in any of our properties as well as guidelines for
promptly addressing and resolving reports of mold to minimize any impact mold
might have on residents or the property.

                We
cannot be assured that existing environmental assessments of our properties
reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner of any of our