General

 The following Risk Factors may contain defined terms that are
 different from those used in the other sections of this report.
 Unless otherwise indicated, when used in this section, the terms
 “we” and “us” refer to Equity Residential
 and its subsidiaries, including ERP Operating Limited
 Partnership. This Item 1A. includes forward-looking
 statements. You should refer to our discussion of the
 qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements
 included in Item 7.

 7

Table of Contents

 The occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk
 factors could adversely affect, possibly in a material manner,
 our business, financial condition or results of operations,
 which could adversely affect the value of our common shares of
 beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest
 (which we refer to collectively as “Shares”), limited
 partnership interests in the Operating Partnership
 (“OP Units”) and Long Term Incentive Plan Units
 (“LTIP Units”). In this section, we refer to the
 Shares, OP Units and LTIP Units together as our
 “securities” and the investors who own Shares
 and/or
 OP/LTIP Units as our “security holders”.

 Our Performance and Securities Value are Subject to Risks
 Associated with the Real Estate Industry

 General

 Real property investments are subject to varying degrees of risk
 and are relatively illiquid. Numerous factors may adversely
 affect the economic performance and value of our properties and
 the ability to realize that value. These factors include changes
 in the global, national, regional and local economic climates,
 local conditions such as an oversupply of multifamily properties
 or a reduction in demand for our multifamily properties, the
 attractiveness of our properties to residents, competition from
 other multifamily properties and single family homes and changes
 in market rental rates. Our performance also depends on our
 ability to collect rent from residents and to pay for adequate
 maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including real
 estate taxes, all of which could increase over time. Sources of
 labor and materials required for maintenance, repair, capital
 expenditure or development may be more expensive than
 anticipated. Also, the expenses of owning and operating a
 property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as
 market factors and competition cause a reduction in income from
 the property.

 We May
 Not Have Sufficient Cash Flows From Operations After Capital
 Expenditures to Cover Our Distributions and Our New Dividend
 Policy May Lead to Quicker Dividend Reductions

 We generally consider our cash flows provided by operating
 activities after capital expenditures to be adequate to meet
 operating requirements and payment of distributions to our
 security holders. However, there may be times when we experience
 shortfalls in our coverage of distributions, which may cause us
 to consider reducing our distributions
 and/or using
 the proceeds from property dispositions or additional financing
 transactions to make up the difference. Should these shortfalls
 occur for lengthy periods of time or be material in nature, our
 financial condition may be adversely affected and we may not be
 able to maintain our current distribution levels. While our new
 dividend policy makes it less likely we will over distribute, it
 will also lead to a dividend reduction more quickly than in the
 past should operating results deteriorate. See Item 7 for
 additional discussion regarding our new dividend policy.

 We May Be
 Unable to Renew Leases or Relet Apartment Units as Leases
 Expire

 When our residents decide not to renew their leases upon
 expiration, we may not be able to relet their apartment units.
 Even if the residents do renew or we can relet the apartment
 units, the terms of renewal or reletting may be less favorable
 than current lease terms. If we are unable to promptly renew the
 leases or relet the apartment units, or if the rental rates upon
 renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected
 rates, then our results of operations and financial condition
 will be adversely affected. Occupancy levels and market rents
 may be adversely affected by national and local economic and
 market conditions including, without limitation, new
 construction and excess inventory of multifamily and single
 family housing, slow or negative employment growth, availability
 of low interest mortgages for single family home buyers and the
 potential for geopolitical instability, all of which are beyond
 the Company’s control. In addition, various state and local
 municipalities are considering and may continue to consider rent
 control legislation which could limit our ability to raise
 rents. Finally, the federal government’s policies, many of
 which may encourage home ownership, can increase competition and
 possibly limit our ability to raise rents. Consequently, our
 cash flow and ability to service debt and make distributions to
 security holders could be reduced.

 New
 Acquisitions and/or Development Projects May Fail to Perform as
 Expected and Competition for Acquisitions May Result in
 Increased Prices for Properties

 We intend to actively acquire
 and/or
 develop multifamily properties for rental operations as market
 conditions dictate. We may also acquire multifamily properties
 that are unoccupied or in the early stages of lease up. We may
 be unable to lease up these apartment properties on schedule,
 resulting in decreases in expected rental revenues

and/or lower
 yields due to lower occupancy and rates as well as higher than
 expected concessions. We may underestimate the costs necessary
 to bring an acquired property up to standards established for
 its intended market position or to complete a development
 property. Additionally, we expect that other major real estate
 investors with significant capital will compete with us for
 attractive investment opportunities or may also develop