General 

The following Risk Factors may contain defined terms
that are different from those used in the other sections of this report. Unless otherwise indicated, when used in this section, the terms “we” and “us” refer to Equity Residential and its subsidiaries, including ERP Operating
Limited Partnership. This Item 1A. includes forward-looking statements. You should refer to our discussion of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements included in Item 7. 

The occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could adversely affect, possibly in a material manner, our business, financial
condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect the value of our common shares of beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest (which we refer to collectively as “Shares”); preference interests and/or
units (“Interests” and/or “Units”) of a subsidiary of ERP Operating Limited Partnership, our operating partnership; and limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership (“OP Units”). In this section, we refer
to the Shares, Interests, Units and the OP Units together as our “securities” and the investors who own Shares, Interests, Units and/or OP Units as our “security holders”. 

Our Performance and Securities Value are Subject to Risks Associated with the Real Estate Industry 

General 

Real property investments
are subject to varying degrees of risk and are relatively illiquid. Several factors may adversely affect the economic performance and value of our properties. These factors include changes in the national, regional and local economic climates, local
conditions such as an oversupply of multifamily properties or a reduction in demand for our multifamily properties, the attractiveness of our properties to residents, competition from other available multifamily property owners and single family
homes and changes in market rental rates. Our performance also depends on our ability to collect rent from residents and to pay for adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including real estate taxes, which could increase over
time. Sources of labor and materials required for maintenance, repair, capital expenditure or development may be more expensive than anticipated. Also, 

8 

Table of Contents

the expenses of owning and operating a property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors and competition cause a reduction in
income from the property. 

We May Not Have Sufficient Cash Flows From Operations After Capital Expenditures to Cover Our Distributions

We generally consider our cash flows provided by operating activities after capital expenditures to be adequate to meet operating
requirements and payment of distributions to our security holders. However, there may be times when we experience shortfalls in our coverage of distributions, which may cause us to consider reducing our distributions and/or using the proceeds from
property dispositions or additional financing transactions to make up the difference. Should these shortfalls occur for lengthy periods of time or be material in nature, our financial condition may be adversely affected and we may not be able to
maintain our current distribution levels. 

We May Be Unable to Renew Leases or Relet Units as Leases Expire 

When our residents decide not to renew their leases upon expiration, we may not be able to relet their units. Even if the residents do renew or we can
relet the units, the terms of renewal or reletting may be less favorable than current lease terms. Because virtually all of our leases are for apartments, they are generally for terms of no more than one year. If we are unable to promptly renew the
leases or relet the units, or if the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than expected rates, then our results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. Occupancy levels and market rents may be
adversely affected by national and local economic and market conditions including, without limitation, new construction and excess inventory of multifamily and single family housing, slow or negative employment growth, availability of low interest
mortgages for single family home buyers and the potential for geopolitical instability, all of which are beyond the Company’s control. In addition, various state and local municipalities are considering and may continue to consider rent control
legislation which could limit our ability to raise rents. Finally, the federal government is considering and may continue to consider policies which may encourage home ownership, thus increasing competition and possibly limiting our ability to raise
rents. Consequently, our cash flow and ability to service debt and make distributions to security holders could be reduced. 

New
Acquisitions and/or Development Projects May Fail to Perform as Expected and Competition for Acquisitions May Result in Increased Prices for Properties 

We intend to actively acquire multifamily properties for rental operations as market conditions dictate. The Company does not currently intend to begin the development of any new wholly-owned projects but has a
substantial number of properties under development now and may commence new development activities if conditions warrant. We may underestimate the costs necessary to bring an acquired property up to standards established for its intended market
position or to complete a development property. Additionally, we expect that other major real estate investors with significant capital will compete with us for attractive investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we
focus our development efforts. This competition may increase prices for multifamily properties. We may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable terms. To the extent that we do
develop more properties if conditions warrant, we expect to do so ourselves in addition to co-investing with our development partners. The total number of development units, cost of development and estimated completion dates are subject to
uncertainties arising from changing economic conditions (such as the cost of labor and construction materials), competition and local government regulation. 

Because Real Estate Investments Are Illiquid, We May Not Be Able to Sell Properties When Appropriate 

Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. We may not be able to reconfigure our portfolio promptly in response to economic or other conditions. This inability to respond promptly to changes in the performance of our
investments could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to make distributions to our security holders. 

Changes in Laws
and Litigation Risk Could Affect Our Business 

We are generally not able to pass through to our residents under existing leases real
estate or other federal, state or local taxes. Consequently, any such tax increases may adversely affect our financial condition and limit our ability to make distributions to our security holders. Similarly, changes that increase our potential
liability under environmental laws or our expenditures on environmental compliance would adversely affect our cash flow and ability to make distributions on our securities. 

9 

Table of Contents

We may become involved in legal proceedings, including but not limited to, proceedings related to
consumer, employment, development, condominium conversion, tort and commercial legal issues that if decided adversely to or settled by us, could result in liability material to our financial condition or results of operations. 

Environmental Problems Are Possible and Can Be Costly 

Federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or operator of real estate to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances
or petroleum product releases at such property. The owner or operator may have to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by such parties in connection with the contamination.
These laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each
person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating
from that site. 

Substantially all of our properties have been the subject of environmental assessments completed by qualified independent
environmental consultant companies. While these environmental assessments have not revealed, nor are we aware of, any environmental liability that our management believes would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition or liquidity, there can be no assurance that we will not incur such liabilities in the future. 

Over the past several
years, there have been an increasing number of lawsuits against owners and managers of multifamily properties alleging personal injury and property damage caused by the presence of mold in residential real estate. As some of these lawsuits have
resulted in substantial monetary judgments or settlements, insurance carriers have reacted by excluding mold-related claims from standard policies and pricing mold endorsements at prohibitively high rates. We have adopted programs designed to
minimize the existence of mold in any of our properties as well as guidelines for promptly addressing and resolving reports of mold to minimize any impact mold might have on our residents or the property. 

We cannot be assured that existing environmental assessments of our properties reveal all environmental liabilities, that any prior owner of any of our