for information concerning the potential effects of
environmental regulations on our operations.

Item
1A.  Risk Factors

General

The following Risk Factors
may contain defined terms that are different from those used in the other
sections of this report.  Unless
otherwise indicated, when used in this section, the terms “we” and “us” refer
to Equity Residential and its subsidiaries, including ERP Operating Limited
Partnership.

The
occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could
adversely affect, possibly in a material manner, our business, financial
condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect the value of our
common shares of beneficial interest or preferred shares of beneficial interest
(which we refer to collectively as “Shares”); preference interests (“Interests”)
of a subsidiary of ERP Operating Limited Partnership, our operating partnership;
and limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership (“OP Units”).  In this section, we refer to the Shares,
Interests, Units and the OP Units together as our “securities”, and the
investors who own Shares, Interests, Units and/or OP Units as our “security
holders”.

Our Performance and Securities
Value are Subject to Risks Associated with the Real Estate Industry

General

Real
property investments are subject to varying degrees of risk and are relatively
illiquid. Several factors may adversely affect the economic performance and
value of our properties.  These factors
include changes in the national, regional and local economic climates, local
conditions such as an oversupply of multifamily properties or a reduction in
demand for our multifamily properties, the attractiveness of our properties to
residents, competition from other available multifamily property owners and
changes in market rental rates.  Our
performance also depends on our ability to collect rent from residents and to
pay for adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including
real estate taxes, which could increase over time.  Also, the expenses of owning and operating a
property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors
and competition cause a reduction in income from the property.

8

We May Be
Unable to Renew Leases or Relet Units as Leases Expire

When
our residents decide not to renew their leases upon expiration, we may not be
able to relet their units.  Even if the
residents do renew or we can relet the units, the terms of renewal or reletting
may be less favorable than current lease terms. 
Because virtually all of our leases are for apartments, they are
generally for terms of no more than one year. 
If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the units, or if
the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than
expected rates, then our results of operations and financial condition will be
adversely affected.  Consequently, our
cash flow and ability to service debt and make distributions to security
holders would be reduced.

New
Acquisitions, Developments and/or Condominium Conversion Projects May Fail
to Perform as Expected and Competition for Acquisitions May Result in
Increased Prices for Properties

We
intend to actively acquire and develop multifamily properties for rental
operations and/or conversion into condominiums, as well as upgrade and sell
existing properties as individual condominiums. We may underestimate the costs
necessary to bring an acquired or development property up to standards
established for its intended market position. 
Additionally, we expect that other major real estate investors with
significant capital will compete with us for attractive investment
opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we focus our
development efforts.  This competition
may increase prices for multifamily properties or decrease the price at which we
expect to sell individual properties.  We
may not be in a position or have the opportunity in the future to make suitable
property acquisitions on favorable terms.  
We also plan to develop more properties ourselves in addition to
co-investing with our development partners for either the rental or condominium
market, depending on opportunities in each sub-market.  This may increase the overall level of risk
associated with our developments.  The
total number of development units, cost of development and estimated completion
dates are subject to uncertainties arising from changing economic conditions
(such as the cost of labor and construction materials), competition and local
government regulation.

Because
Real Estate Investments Are Illiquid, We May Not Be Able to Sell