for information concerning the potential effects of
environmental regulations on our operations.

Item 1A.  Risk
Factors

General

The following Risk Factors
may contain defined terms that are different from those used in the other
sections of this report.  Unless
otherwise indicated, when used in this section, the terms “we” and “us” refer
to ERP Operating Limited Partnership, an Illinois limited partnership, and its
subsidiaries.  ERP Operating Limited
Partnership is controlled by its general partner, Equity Residential, a
Maryland real estate investment trust.

The
occurrence of the events discussed in the following risk factors could
adversely affect, possibly in a material manner, our business, financial condition
or results of operations, which could adversely affect the value of our preference
interests (“Interests”) of a subsidiary of ERP Operating Limited Partnership;
preference units (“Units”); or units of limited partnership interest (“OP Units”)
of ERP Operating Limited Partnership.  In
this section, we refer to the Interests, Units and the OP Units together as our
“securities,” and the investors who own Interests, Units and/or OP Units as our
“security holders.”

Our Performance and OP Unit
Value are Subject to Risks Associated with the Real Estate Industry

General

Real
property investments are subject to varying degrees of risk and are relatively
illiquid. Several factors may adversely affect the economic performance and
value of our properties.  These factors
include changes in the national, regional and local economic climates, local
conditions such as an oversupply of multifamily properties or a reduction in
demand for our multifamily properties, the attractiveness of our properties to
residents, competition from other available multifamily property owners and
changes in market rental rates.  Our
performance also depends on our ability to collect rent from residents and to
pay for adequate maintenance, insurance and other operating costs, including
real estate taxes, which could increase over time.  Also, the expenses of owning and operating a
property are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market factors
and competition cause a reduction in income from the property.

We May be
Unable to Renew Leases or Relet Units as Leases Expire

When
our residents decide not to renew their leases upon expiration, we may not be
able to relet their units.  Even if the
residents do renew or we can relet the units, the terms of renewal or reletting
may be less favorable than current lease terms. 
Because virtually all of our leases are for apartments, they are
generally for terms of no more than one year. 
If we are unable to promptly renew the leases or relet the units, or if
the rental rates upon renewal or reletting are significantly lower than
expected rates, then our results of operations and financial condition will be
adversely affected.  Consequently, our
cash flow and ability to service debt and make distributions to security
holders would be reduced.

9

New
Acquisitions, Developments and/or Condominium Conversion Projects May Fail
to Perform as Expected and Competition for Acquisitions May Result in
Increased Prices for Properties

We
intend to actively acquire and develop multifamily properties for rental
operations and/or specifically to convert directly into condominiums as well as
upgrade and sell existing properties as individual condominiums.  We may underestimate the costs necessary to
bring an acquired or condominium conversion property up to standards
established for its intended market position or to develop a property.  Additionally, we expect that other major real
estate investors with significant capital will compete with us for attractive
investment opportunities or may also develop properties in markets where we
focus our development efforts.  This
competition may increase prices for multifamily properties or decrease the
price we expect to sell individual condominiums.  We may not be in a position or have the
opportunity in the future to make suitable property acquisitions on favorable
terms.  We also plan to develop more