General


We
operate in a very competitive industry, and competition could compress our
margins, and impair our ability to attract and retain
clients.

Our ability to maintain growth rates is dependent upon our ability to attract
new clients and retain existing clients, as well as cross-sell additional
services to existing clients.  We operate in a very competitive
environment.  Some of our competitors may offer services and pricing
terms we may not be able to offer.  Larger competitors may have scale
advantages that we cannot duplicate.  Our contracts with clients
generally do not have terms longer than three years and, in some cases, are
terminable by the client on relatively short notice.  This competition
may make it difficult for us to retain existing clients, sell to new clients and
cross-sell additional services to clients, which could materially adversely
affect our business and financial results.

Over the last several years, competition in the marketplace has also caused many
PBMs, including us, to reduce the prices charged to clients for core services
and share a larger portion of the formulary fees and related revenues received
from pharmaceutical manufacturers with clients.  This combination of
lower pricing and increased revenue sharing, as well as increased demand for
enhanced service offerings and higher service levels, has put pressure on
operating margins.  This pressure may continue, and we can give no
assurance new services provided to clients will fully compensate for these
reduced margins.

We believe the managed care industry is undergoing substantial consolidation,
and another party that is not our client could acquire some of our managed care
or other clients.  In such case, the likelihood such client would
renew its contract with us, as opposed to one of our competitors, could be
reduced.

Pending
and future litigation could subject us to significant monetary 
damages
and/or require us to change our business
practices

We are subject to risks relating to litigation and other proceedings in
connection with our PBM operations, including the dispensing of pharmaceutical
products by our home delivery pharmacies, and the services rendered in
connection with our disease management and our pharmaceutical services
operations.  A list of a number of the more significant proceedings
pending against us is included under “Item 3—Legal
Proceedings.”  These proceedings generally seek unspecified monetary
damages and injunctive relief on behalf of a class of plaintiffs that are either
clients or individual members of health plans.  While we believe these
suits are without merit and intend to contest them vigorously, we can give no
assurance that an adverse outcome in one or more of these suits would not have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial
results.

We are presently responding to several subpoenas and requests for information
from governmental agencies, as described in “Item 3—Legal
Proceedings.”  We cannot predict with certainty what the result of any
such inquiry might be.  In addition to potential monetary liability
arising from these suits and proceedings, we are incurring costs in the defense
of the suits and in providing documents to government
agencies.  Certain of the costs are covered by our insurance, but
certain other costs are not insured.  Such costs have become material
to our financial performances and we can give no assurance that such costs will
not increase in the future.

 Commercial
liability insurance coverage continues to be difficult to obtain for companies
in our business sector which can cause unexpected volatility in premiums and/or
retention requirements dictated by insurance carriers.  We have
established certain self-insurance reserves to cover anticipated losses within
our retained liability for previously reported claims and the cost to defend
these claims.  There can be no assurance general, professional,
managed care errors and omissions, and/or other liability insurance coverage
will be reasonably available in the future or such insurance coverage, together with our self-
insurance reserves, will be adequate to cover future
claims.  A claim, or claims, in excess of our insurance coverage could
have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results.

State
and Federal regulations could restrict our ability to conduct
business

Numerous state and federal laws and regulations affect our business and
operations.  The categories include, but are not necessarily limited
to:

•

health
 care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, which prohibit certain types of
 payments and referrals as well as false claims made in connection with
 health benefit programs

 •

 ERISA
 and related regulations, which regulate many health care
 plans

 •

 state
 legislation regulating PBMs or imposing fiduciary status on
 PBMs

 •

 consumer
 protection and unfair trade practice laws and
 regulations

 •

 network
 pharmacy access laws, including “any willing provider” and “due process”
 legislation, that affect aspects of our pharmacy network
 contracts

 •

 wholesale
 distributor laws, including pedigree paper
laws

 •

 legislation
 imposing benefit plan design restrictions, which limit how our clients can
 design their drug benefit plans

 •

 various
 licensure laws, such as managed care and third party administrator
 licensure laws

 •

 drug
 pricing legislation, including “most favored nation” pricing and “unitary
 pricing” legislation

 •

 pharmacy
 laws and regulations

 •

 privacy
 and confidentiality laws and regulations, including those under
 HIPAA

 •

 the
 Medicare prescription drug coverage
law

 •

 other
 Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement
regulations

 •

 the
 Prescription Drug Marketing Act

 •

 potential
 regulation of the PBM industry by the U.S. Food and Drug
 Administration

 •

 pending
 legislation regarding importation of drug products into the United
 States

 •

 state
 laws regulating the business of
insurance

   These and
other regulatory matters are discussed in more detail under “Item 1 —
Business — Government Regulation” above.

We believe that we are operating our business in substantial compliance with all
existing legal requirements material to the operation of our
business.  There are, however, significant uncertainties regarding the
application of many of these legal requirements to our business, and state and
federal law enforcement agencies and regulatory agencies from time to time have
initiated investigations or litigation that involve certain aspects of our
business or our competitors’ businesses.  Accordingly, we cannot
provide any assurance that one or more of these agencies will not interpret or
apply these laws in a manner adverse to our business, or, if there is an
enforcement action brought against us, that our interpretation would
prevail.  In addition, there are numerous proposed health care laws
and regulations at the Federal and state levels, many of which could materially
affect our ability to conduct our business or adversely affect our financial
results.  We are unable to predict what additional Federal or state
legislation or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in the future relating to
our business or the health care industry in general, or what effect any such
legislation or regulations might have on us.

   Various governmental agencies have
conducted investigations into certain PBM business practices.  Many of
these investigations have resulted in other PBMs agreeing to civil
penalties, including the payment of money and corporate integrity
agreements.  We have received subpoenas from a number of State
Attorneys General.  We cannot predict what effect, if any, these
investigations may ultimately have on us or on the PBM industry generally (see
“Item 3—Legal Proceedings”).

      The
State of Maine and the District of Columbia each have enacted statutes that
purport to declare that a PBM is a fiduciary with respect to its
clients.  Our trade association, PCMA, filed suit in Federal District
Courts in Maine and the District of Columbia alleging, among other things, that
these statutes are preempted by ERISA with respect to welfare plans that are
subject to ERISA.  The Federal District Court in Maine ruled the
statute valid, and the First Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed.  The
case challenging the D.C. statute is on appeal.  Other states are
considering but have not yet enacted similar fiduciary statutes, and we cannot
predict what effect, if any, these and similar statutes may have on our business
and financial results.

      Most
of our activities involve the receipt or use of confidential medical information
concerning individuals.  In addition, we use aggregated and anonymized
data for research and analysis purposes and in some cases provide access to such
data to pharmaceutical manufacturers.  Various federal and state laws,
including HIPAA, regulate and restrict the use, disclosure and security of
confidential medical information and new legislation is proposed from time to
time in various states.  To date, no such laws have been adopted that
adversely impact our ability to provide services, but there can be no assurance
that federal or state governments will not enact legislation, impose
restrictions or adopt interpretations of existing laws that could have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Effective as of 2007, our subsidiary, ESIC, began offering a prescription drug
plan (“PDP”) in connection with the Medicare Part D program for purposes of
making employer/union-only group waiver plans (known as “EGWP” plans) available
for applicable clients.  As a licensed insurer organized and licensed
under the laws of the State of Arizona, ESIC will be subject to state and
federal laws regulating the business of insurance in all jurisdictions in which
ESIC offers its PDP.  CMS regulations and applicable guidance
currently require that ESIC be authorized to offer its prescription drug plan to
individuals residing in all fifty states and Puerto Rico.  As a PDP
sponsor, ESIC will be subject to compliance with all federal laws and
regulations applicable to such sponsors as a result of the MMA and the
regulations promulgated in connection with implementation of the Medicare
Part D drug benefit.  While many state insurance laws and
regulations are well-established, CMS continues to provide guidance and
promulgate new regulations in an attempt to assist PDPs and state regulators to
determine the appropriate applicability of state insurance laws in the context
of the federal Part D drug benefit provided through an EGWP
plan.  Uncertainty as to the applicability of state and federal laws
to ESIC’s operations could have an impact on our ability to successfully offer
products and services under the Part D drug benefit and our ability to
comply with applicable laws in doing so.

If
we lose our relationship with one or more key pharmacy providers, or our
relationship is modified in an unfavorable manner, our business could be

impaired

 More than
60,000 retail pharmacies, which represent more than 95% of all United States
retail pharmacies, participate in one or more of our
networks.  However, the top ten retail pharmacy chains represent
approximately 56% of the total number of stores in our largest network, and
these pharmacy chains represent even higher concentrations in certain areas of
the United States.  Our contracts with retail pharmacies, which are
non-exclusive, are generally terminable on relatively short notice by either
party.  If one or more of the top pharmacy chains elects to terminate
its relationship with us, or attempts to renegotiate the terms of the
relationship in a manner that is unfavorable to us, our members’ access to
retail pharmacies and our business could be materially adversely
affected.  The continued growth of PBMs owned by the top pharmacy
chains, or the acquisition of significant PBM operations by such chains, could
increase the likelihood of our relationships with such pharmacy chains being
adversely affected.

Changes
in industry pricing benchmarks could materially impact our financial
performance

Contracts
in the prescription drug industry, including our contracts with retail pharmacy
networks and with PBM and specialty pharmacy clients, generally use certain
published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription
drugs.  These benchmarks include AWP, AMP and wholesale acquisition
cost.  Most of our client contracts utilize the AWP
standard.  Recent events have raised uncertainties as to whether
payors, pharmacy providers, PBMs and others in the prescription drug industry
will continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been calculated or whether
other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the
industry.

Specifically, in the case of New England Carpenters v First Data Bank et al, a
civil class action case brought against First Data Bank (“FDB”) and Medispan,
the two most widely used companies that report data on prescription drug prices,
FDB and Medispan agreed to reduce the reported AWP on approximately 8,500 drugs
by 4.0% as well as to cease reporting AWP two years after final approval of the
settlement.  While the judge preliminarily approved the settlement,
she has now refused final approval and has asked the parties to significantly
amend the settlement.  Specifically, the judge will not approve the
roll-back on any more than 1,400 drugs and will not order the parties to cease
publication of AWP.  While we cannot predict the outcome of the case
or, if the settlement is finally approved, the precise timing of the possible
decrease in AWP, we believe that the potential effect of the settlement has been
significantly reduced and that we have taken action to mitigate the effect on
our operations.  The amended settlement may still cause disruption in
our retail networks due to the adverse impact on AWP-based retail pharmacy
pricing.

      Due to
these and other uncertainties, we can give no assurance that the short or
long-term impact of changes to industry pricing benchmarks will not have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial results in future
periods.  Our various projections, including earnings guidance for
2008, contemplate what we have estimated to be the most probable impact
resulting from the proposed FDB settlement.  Actual results may be
materially less favorable or materially more favorable than those estimated in
formulating such projections.

 Medicare
Part D may adversely impact our business

      In
connection with the enactment of the MMA, CMS promulgated a substantial volume
of new regulations implementing the federal government’s Voluntary Prescription
Drug Benefit Program, known as Medicare “Part D.”  The Office of
Inspector General has also proposed new safe harbors and other regulations
pursuant to the MMA.  Both of these federal regulatory agencies
continue to issue guidance with regard to the Part D program and compliance
with related federal laws and regulations by Part D sponsors and their
subcontractors.  The receipt of federal funds made available through
this program by us, our affiliates, or clients may be subject to compliance with
these new regulations as well as the established laws and regulations governing
the federal government’s payment for health care goods and services, including
the Anti-Kickback Laws, the Stark Law, and the False Claims
Act.  There are many uncertainties about the financial and regulatory
risks of participating in the Medicare Part D program, and we can give no
assurance that these risks will not be material to our business in future
periods.

      In
addition, due to the implementation of Medicare Part D, some of our
employer clients may decide to stop providing pharmacy benefit coverage to
retirees, instead allowing the retirees to choose their own Part D plans,
which could result in us losing members.  Extensive competition among
Medicare Part D plans could also result in the loss of Medicare members by
our managed care customers, which would also result in a decline in our
membership base.

If
we lose relationships with one or more key pharmaceutical 
manufacturers
or if the payments made or discounts provided by pharmaceutical 
manufacturers
decline, our business and financial results could be adversely 
affected

       We
maintain contractual relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers
that may provide us with, among other things:

 •

 discounts
 for drugs we purchase to be dispensed from our home delivery
 pharmacies;

 •

 rebates
 based upon sales of drugs from our home delivery pharmacies and through
 pharmacies in our retail networks;

 •

 administrative
 fees for managing rebate programs, including the development and
 maintenance of formularies which include the particular manufacturer’s
 products; and

 •

 access
 to limited distribution specialty
 pharmaceuticals.

      If
several of these contractual relationships are terminated or materially altered
by the pharmaceutical manufacturers, our business and financial results could be
materially adversely affected.  In addition, formulary fee programs
have been the subject of debate in federal and state legislatures and various
other public and governmental forums.  Changes in existing laws or
regulations or in interpretations of existing laws or regulations or the
adoption of new laws or regulations relating to any of these programs may
materially adversely affect our business.

 Efforts
 to reduce health care costs and alter health care financing practices
 could

 adversely
 affect our
 business

Certain proposals have been made in the United States to control health care
costs, including prescription drug costs, in response to increases in
prescription drug utilization rates and drug prices.  These proposals
include “single-payer” government funded health care, and price controls on
prescription drugs.  If these or similar efforts are successful or if
prescription drug utilization rates were to decrease significantly, whether due
to a reversal in the growing role of prescription drugs in medical treatment or
otherwise, our business and consolidated results of operations could be
materially adversely affected.

  We have
designed our business model to compete within the current structure of the
United States health care system.  Changing political, economic
and regulatory influences may affect health care financing and reimbursement
practices.  If the current health care financing and reimbursement
system changes significantly, our business could be materially adversely
affected.  Congress periodically considers proposals to reform the
United States health care system.  These proposals may increase
government involvement in health care and regulation of PBM services, or
otherwise change the way our clients do business.  Health plan
sponsors may react to these proposals and the uncertainty surrounding them by
reducing or delaying purchases of cost control mechanisms and related services
that we provide.  We cannot predict what effect, if any, these
proposals may have on our business.  Other legislative or
market-driven changes in the health care system that we cannot anticipate could
also materially adversely affect our business and financial
results.