” in this Annual Report and any other information included or incorporated by reference in this Report, and information which may be contained in our other filings with the SEC, should be carefully considered when
reviewing any forward-looking statement. We note these factors for investors as permitted under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors should understand that it is impossible to predict or identify all such factors or risks.
As such, you should not consider either foregoing lists, or the risks identified in our SEC filings, to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

Item 1A — Risk Factors 

General Risk Factors

We operate in a very competitive industry, and competition could compress our margins and impair our ability to attract and retain
clients. Our failure to differentiate our products and services in the marketplace could magnify the impact of the competitive environment. 

Our ability to remain competitive is dependent upon our ability to attract new clients and retain existing clients, as well as cross-sell additional services to our clients. We operate in a highly
competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative and regulatory activity and other market factors. Historically in the PBM industry, competition in the
marketplace has also caused many PBMs, including us, to reduce the prices charged to clients for core services and share a larger portion of the formulary fees and related revenues received from pharmaceutical manufacturers with clients. This
combination of lower pricing and increased revenue sharing, as well as increased demand for enhanced service offerings and higher service levels, puts pressure on operating margins, which have historically been offset by a variety of positive trends
including lower drug purchasing costs, increased generic usage, drug price inflation and increased rebates. Our failure or inability to maintain these positive trends, or identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing pressures, could impact
our ability to attract or retain clients or could negatively impact our margins. 

In addition, our clients are well informed
and organized and can easily move between us and our competitors. These factors together with the impact of the competitive marketplace or other significant differentiating factors between our offerings and those of our competitors may make it
difficult for us to retain existing clients, sell to new clients and cross-sell additional services to clients, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 

In a highly competitive marketplace such as the PBM industry, a competitor’s service offering and reputation within the industry can
have a substantial impact on its ability to attract and retain clients. This requires us to differentiate our business offerings by innovating and delivering products and services that demonstrate value to our clients, particularly in response to
market changes from public policy. Further, the reputational impact of a service-related event, or our failure to innovate and deliver products and services that demonstrate value to our clients, may affect our ability to retain or grow profitable
clients which could have a material adverse affect on our financial results. 

The managed care industry has undergone
substantial consolidation in recent years, and we believe this trend is likely to continue. If one or more of our managed care clients is acquired, and the acquiring entity is not a client, then we may be unable to retain all or a portion of the
impacted business. If such acquisitions, individually or in the aggregate, are material, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, the results of our operations and financial position. 

The delivery of healthcare-related products and services is an evolving and rapidly changing industry. Our failure to anticipate or appropriately
adapt to changes in the industry could have a negative impact on our ability to compete and adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 

While we believe we are well positioned in our industry, we have designed our business model to compete within the current industry structure. Any significant shift in the structure of the PBM industry
could affect the environment in which we compete. A large intra- or inter-industry merger or a new business model entrant could alter the industry 

17 

Table of Contents

dynamics and adversely affect our business and financial results as our client contracts are generally three years and our pharmaceutical manufacturer and retail contracts are generally
non-exclusive and terminable on relatively short notice by either party. Our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our business operations and
financial results. 

We operate in a complex and evolving regulatory environment. Changes in applicable laws or regulations, or their
interpretation or enforcement, or the enactment of new laws or regulations, could require us to make changes to how we operate our business or result in the imposition of penalties. Further, we may be required to spend significant resources in order
to comply with new or existing laws and regulations. 

Numerous state and federal laws and regulations affect our business
and operations. The categories include, among others, the following: 

•

 healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, which prohibit certain types of payments and referrals as well as false claims made in connection with
health benefit programs 

•

 ERISA and related regulations, which regulate many aspects of healthcare plan arrangements 

•

 state legislation regulating PBMs or imposing fiduciary status on PBMs 

•

 consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations 

•

 network pharmacy access laws, including “any willing provider” and “due process” legislation, that affect aspects of our pharmacy
network contracts 

•

 wholesale distributor laws 

•

 legislation imposing benefit plan design restrictions, which limit how our clients can design their drug benefit plans 

•

 various licensure laws, such as managed care and third party administrator licensure laws 

•

 drug pricing legislation, including “most favored nation” pricing 

•

 pharmacy laws and regulations 

•

 privacy and security laws and regulations, including those under HIPAA and HITECH 

•

 the Medicare prescription drug coverage rules 

•

 other Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement regulations, including subrogation 

•

 the Health Reform Laws 

•

 federal laws related to our Department of Defense arrangement 

•

 federal antitrust laws related to our pharmacy, pharmaceutical manufacturer, and client relationships 

These and other regulatory matters are discussed in more detail under “Part I — Item 1 — Business —
Government Regulation and Compliance” above. 

We believe that we are operating our business in substantial compliance
with all existing legal requirements material to us. There are, however, significant uncertainties regarding the application of many of these legal requirements to our business, and state and federal law enforcement agencies and regulatory agencies
from time to time have initiated investigations or litigation involving certain aspects of our business or our competitors’ businesses. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that one or more of these agencies will not interpret or apply
these laws in a manner adverse to our business, or, if there is an enforcement action brought against us, that our interpretation would prevail. In addition, there are numerous proposed healthcare laws and regulations at the federal and state
levels, many of which could materially affect our ability to conduct our business or adversely affect our financial results. We are unable to predict whether additional federal or state legislation or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in the
future relating to our business or the healthcare industry in general, or what effect any such legislation or regulations might have on us. Due to these uncertainties, we may be required to spend significant resources in connection with such
investigations or litigation or to comply with new or existing laws and regulations. 

Various governmental agencies have
conducted investigations into certain PBM business practices. Many of these investigations have resulted in other PBMs agreeing to civil penalties, including the payment of money and corporate integrity agreements. We cannot predict what effect, if
any, these investigations may ultimately have on us or on the PBM industry generally (see “Part I—Item 3—Legal Proceedings”). 

The District of Columbia previously enacted a statute that purports to declare that a PBM is a fiduciary with respect to its clients, although the statute was overturned by federal courts in the District
of Columbia (see “Part I—Item 1 – Business – Government Regulations and Compliance – State Fiduciary Legislation”). However, other states are considering but have not yet enacted similar fiduciary statutes, and we
cannot predict what effect, if any, these and similar statutes, if enacted, may have on our business and financial results, nor can we predict how courts may view such laws. 

Most of our activities involve the receipt or use of protected health information concerning individuals. In addition, we use aggregated and anonymized data for research and analysis and other permitted
business purposes and in 

18 

Table of Contents

some cases provide access to data to pharmaceutical manufacturers and third party data aggregators in accordance with applicable law. Various federal and state laws, including HIPAA, regulate and
restrict the use, disclosure and security of protected health information and new legislation is proposed from time to time in various states. To date, no such laws have been adopted that materially impact our ability to provide services, but there
can be no assurance that federal or state governments will not enact legislation, impose restrictions or adopt interpretations of existing laws that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

Policies designed to manage healthcare costs or alter healthcare financing practices may adversely impact our business and our financial results.

Certain proposals are made from time to time in the United States to manage healthcare costs, including prescription drug
costs. These have included proposals such as “single-payer” government funded healthcare, changes in reimbursement rates, restrictions on access or therapeutic substitution, limits on more efficient delivery channels, taxes on goods and
services, price controls on prescription drugs, and other significant healthcare reform proposals. We are unable to predict whether any such proposals will be enacted, or the specific terms thereof. Certain of these proposals, however, if enacted,
may adversely impact our business and our financial results. 

In March 2010, the federal government enacted the Health Reform
Laws, which will be gradually phased in through 2020 (see Part I — Item 1 — Business — Government Regulation and Compliance – Federal Healthcare Reform). The Health Reform Laws contain many provisions that directly
or indirectly apply to us, our clients, pharmaceutical manufacturers, healthcare providers and others with whom we do business, including: 

•

 PBM disclosure requirements in the context of Medicare Part D and the anticipated health benefit exchanges 

•

 creation of government-regulated health benefits exchanges and new requirements for health plans offered by insurance companies, employers and other
plan sponsors 

•

 medical loss ratio requirements, which require insurers to spend a specified percentage of premium revenues on incurred claims or healthcare quality
improvements, and require some of our clients to report certain types of PBM proprietary information 

•

 various health insurance taxes 

•

 changes to the calculation of average manufacturer price (“AMP”) of drugs and an increase in the rebate amounts drug manufacturers must pay
to states for drugs reimbursed by state Medicaid programs, including through Medicaid managed care organizations 

•

 imposition of new fees on pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers of brand-name prescription drugs 

•

 expansion of the 340B drug discount program, which limits the costs of certain outpatient drugs to qualified health centers and hospitals

•

 closing of the so-called donut hole under Medicare Part D by lowering beneficiary coinsurance amounts 

•

 elimination of the tax deduction for employers who receive Medicare Part D retiree drug subsidy payments 

•

 mandated changes to client plan designs 

•

 changes to certain healthcare fraud and abuse laws 

If we lose our relationship, or our relationship otherwise changes in an unfavorable manner, with one or more key pharmacy providers, if significant changes occur within the pharmacy provider
marketplace, or if other issues arise with respect to our pharmacy networks, our business could be impaired. 

More than
60,000 retail pharmacies, which represent more than 95% of all United States retail pharmacies, participated in one or more of our networks at December 31, 2011. As of January 1, 2012, our network participation agreement with Walgreen Co.
(“Walgreens”) terminated, reducing the number of pharmacies participating in our networks to approximately 55,000. Absent participation by Walgreens, we continue to maintain approximately 85% of all United States retail pharmacies in our
networks. 

The ten largest retail pharmacy chains, excluding Walgreens, represent approximately 38% of the total number of
stores in our largest network. However, in certain geographic areas of the United States, our networks may be comprised of higher concentrations of one or more large pharmacy chains. Our contracts with retail pharmacies, which are non-exclusive, are
generally terminable on relatively short notice by either party. If one or more of the larger pharmacy chains terminates its relationship with us, or is able to renegotiate terms that are substantially less favorable to us, our members’ access
to retail pharmacies and/or our business could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the overall composition of our pharmacy networks, or reduced access under our networks, could have a negative impact on our claims volume and/or our
competiveness in the marketplace, cause us to fall short of certain guarantees in our contracts with clients, or otherwise impair our business or financial condition. 

19 

Table of Contents

The likelihood of our relationships with such pharmacy chains being adversely affected may
be increased to the extent that large pharmacy chains enter the PBM business. 

A substantial portion of our revenue is concentrated in
certain significant client contracts. Our failure to execute on, or other issues arising under, the contracts could adversely affect our financial results. Further, conditions or trends impacting certain of our key clients could result in a negative
impact on our financial performance. 

As described in greater detail in the discussion of our business in Item 1
above, we have long term contracts with WellPoint, Inc. (“WellPoint”) and the United States Department of Defense (“DoD”). Our top 5 clients, including WellPoint and DoD, collectively represented 56.7% and 55.2% of our revenue
during 2011 and 2010, respectively. If one or more of our large clients terminate or do not renew contracts for any reason, our financial results could be materially adversely affected and we could experience a negative reaction in the investment
community resulting in stock price declines or other adverse effects. 

Under our current agreement we are providing pharmacy
benefit services to WellPoint through December 31, 2019. Our agreement with the DoD consists of an initial one-year contract and five one-year renewal options, with the final option expiring on October 31, 2014. 

In addition, if certain of our key clients are negatively impacted by business conditions or other trends, or if such clients otherwise
fail to successfully maintain or grow their business, our business and financial results could be adversely impacted. 

Regulatory or
business changes relating to our participation in Medicare Part D, the loss of Medicare Part D eligible members, or our failure to otherwise execute on our strategies related to Medicare Part D, may adversely impact our business and our financial
results. 

Our subsidiary ESIC was approved to function as a Part-D PDP plan sponsor for purposes of making
employer/union-only group waiver plans available for eligible clients. We also provide other products and services in support of our clients’ Medicare Part D plans or federal Retiree Drug Subsidy. We have made, and may be required to make
further, substantial investments in the personnel and technology necessary to administer our Medicare Part D strategy. There are many uncertainties about the financial and regulatory risks of participating in the Medicare Part D program, and we
can give no assurance that these risks will not materially adversely impact our business and our financial results in future periods. 

We are subject to various contractual and regulatory compliance requirements associated with participating in Medicare Part D. As an insurer organized and licensed under the laws of the State of Arizona,
ESIC is subject to certain aspects of state laws regulating the business of insurance in all jurisdictions in which ESIC offers its PDP. As a PDP sponsor, ESIC is required to comply with certain federal Medicare Part D laws and regulations
applicable to PDP sponsors. Additionally, the receipt of federal funds made available through the Part D program by us, our affiliates, or clients is subject to compliance with the Part D regulations and established laws and regulations governing
the federal government’s payment for healthcare goods and services, including the Anti-Kickback Laws and the False Claims Act. Similar to our requirements with other clients, our policies and practices associated with operating our PDP are
subject to audit. If material contractual or regulatory non-compliance was to be identified, monetary penalties and/or applicable sanctions, including suspension of enrollment and marketing or debarment from participation in Medicare programs, could
be imposed. Further, the adoption or promulgation of new or more complex regulatory requirements associated with Medicare may require us to incur significant compliance-related costs which could adversely impact our business and our financial
results. 

In addition, due to the availability of Medicare Part D, some of our employer clients may decide to stop
providing pharmacy benefit coverage to retirees, instead allowing the retirees to choose their own Part D plans, which could cause a reduction in utilization for our services. Extensive competition among Medicare Part D plans could also
result in the loss of Medicare members by our managed care customers, which would also result in a decline in our membership base. Like many aspects of our business, the administration of the Medicare Part D program is complex. Any failure to
execute the provisions of the Medicare Part D program may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. As discussed above, in March 2010, comprehensive healthcare reform was enacted into federal law through
the passage of the Health Reform Laws. Additionally, as described above, the Health Reform Laws contain various changes to the Part D program and could have a financial impact on our PDP and our clients’ demand for our other Part D products and
services. 

20 

Table of Contents

We have historically engaged in strategic transactions, including the acquisition of other companies or
businesses, and will likely engage in similar transactions in the future. Our failure to effectively execute on such transactions or to integrate any acquired businesses could adversely impact our operating results, and any such transactions will
likely cause us to incur significant transaction costs and require significant resources and management attention. 

We have historically engaged in strategic transactions, including the acquisition of other companies and businesses. These transactions
typically involve the integration of core business operations and technology infrastructure platforms that require significant management attention and resources. A failure or delay in the integration process could have a material adverse affect on
our financial results. In addition, such transactions may yield higher operating costs, greater customer attrition or more significant business disruption than may have been anticipated. Further, even if we are able to integrate the business
operations successfully, there can be no assurance that such transactions will result in the realization of the expected benefits of synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies, or that any realized benefits will be achieved
within a reasonable period of time. 

Strategic transactions, including the pursuit of such transactions, require us to incur
significant costs. These costs are typically non-recurring expenses related to the assessment, due diligence, negotiation and execution of the transaction. We may incur additional costs to retain key employees as well as transaction fees and costs
related to executing integration plans. Although we would generally expect the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of businesses to offset incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over time, this net benefit may not
be achieved in the near term, or at all. 

Our debt service obligations reduce the funds available for other business purposes, and the
terms and covenants relating to our indebtedness could adversely impact our financial performance and liquidity. 

As
described in greater detail in the discussion of our business in Item 7 below, we had $8.1 billion of senior notes outstanding as of December 31, 2011, and in February 2012 we issued an additional $3.5 billion of senior notes,
(collectively, the “senior notes”). We also have a $750.0 million revolving credit facility (“revolving credit facility”), none of which was outstanding at December 31, 2011. Our debt service obligations for the senior
notes and the revolving credit facility reduce the funds available for other business purposes. The senior notes require us to pay interest semi-annually on various dates throughout the year at a fixed rate of interest. The revolving credit facility
requires us to pay interest periodically at a variable rate of interest. Increases in interest rates on variable rate indebtedness would increase our interest expense and could materially adversely affect our financial results. As of
December 31, 2011, we had no outstanding indebtedness impacted by variable interest rates. 

We are subject to risks
normally associated with debt financing, such as the insufficiency of cash flow to meet required debt service payment obligations and the inability to refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, the senior notes and revolving credit agreement
contain covenants which limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, and engage in mergers, consolidations, or disposals. The covenants under the revolving credit facility also include a minimum interest
coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. If we fail to satisfy these covenants, we would be in default under the revolving credit facility and/or the senior notes indentures, and may be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources
or not be able to draw down against our revolving credit facility. Under such circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to us, or be available only on unattractive terms. See Note 7 – Financing to our consolidated financial
statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our ability to conduct operations depends on the
security and stability of our technology infrastructure as well as the effectiveness of, and our ability to execute, business continuity plans across our operations. A failure in the security of our technology infrastructure or a significant
disruption in service within our operations could materially adversely affect our business, the results of our operations and our financial position. 

We maintain, and are dependent on, a technology infrastructure platform that is essential for many aspects of our business operations. It is imperative that we securely store and transmit confidential
data, including personal health information, while maintaining the integrity of our confidential information. We have designed our technology infrastructure platform to protect against failures in security and service disruption. However, any
failure to protect against a security breach or a disruption in service could materially adversely impact our business operations and our financial results. Our technology infrastructure platform requires an ongoing commitment of significant
resources to maintain and enhance systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes as well as evolving industry and regulatory standards. In addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services
or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable to such third parties’ failure to adequately perform. In the event we or our vendors experience malfunctions in business processes, breaches of information
systems, failure to maintain effective and up-to-date information systems or unauthorized or non-compliant actions by any individual, this 

21 

Table of Contents

could disrupt our business operations or impact patient safety, result in customer and member disputes, damage our reputation, expose us to risk of loss, litigation or regulatory violations,
increase administrative expenses or lead to other adverse consequences. 

We operate dispensing pharmacies, call centers, data
centers and corporate facilities that depend on the security and stability of technology infrastructure. Any service disruption at any of these facilities due to failure or disruption of technology, malfunction of business process, disaster or
catastrophic event could, temporarily or indefinitely, significantly reduce, or partially or totally eliminate our ability to process and dispense prescriptions and provide products and services to our clients and members. Any such service
disruption at these facilities or to this infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and our financial results. 

If we lose relationships with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the payments made or discounts provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and financial results
could be adversely affected. 

We maintain contractual relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers that may
provide us with, among other things: 

•

 discounts for drugs we purchase to be dispensed from our home delivery pharmacies 

•

 rebates based upon distributions of drugs from our home delivery pharmacies and through pharmacies in our retail networks 

•

 administrative fees for managing rebate programs, including the development and maintenance of formularies which include the particular
manufacturer’s products 

•

 access to limited distribution specialty pharmaceuticals 

If several of these contractual relationships are terminated or materially altered by the pharmaceutical manufacturers, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. In
addition, formulary fee programs have been the subject of debate in federal and state legislatures and various other public and governmental forums. Changes in existing laws or regulations or in interpretations of existing laws or regulations or the
adoption of new laws or regulations relating to any of these programs may materially adversely affect our business. 

Changes in industry
pricing benchmarks could materially impact our financial performance. 

Contracts in the prescription drug industry,
including our contracts with retail pharmacy networks and with PBM and specialty pharmacy clients, generally use “average wholesale price” or “AWP”, which is published by a third party, as a benchmark to establish pricing for
prescription drugs. In 2011, First DataBank, a significant provider of AWP information, discontinued publishing such information. This and other recent events have raised uncertainties as to whether certain third parties will continue to publish
AWP, which may result in the inability of payors, pharmacy providers, PBMs and others in the prescription drug industry to continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been calculated. In the event that AWP is no longer published or if we adopt
other pricing benchmarks for establishing prices within the industry, we can give no assurance that the short or long-term impact of such changes to industry pricing benchmarks will not have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results in future periods. 

Legislation and other regulations affecting drug prices are discussed in more detail under
“Part I — Item 1 — Business — Government Regulation and Compliance – Legislation and Regulation Affecting Drug Prices” above. 

Pending and future litigation or other proceedings could subject us to significant monetary damages or penalties and/or require us to change our business practices, either of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business operations and our financial results or condition. 

We are subject to risks
relating to litigation, regulatory proceedings, and other similar actions in connection with our business operations, including the dispensing of pharmaceutical products by our home delivery pharmacies, services rendered in connection with our
disease management offering, and our pharmaceutical services operations. A list of the significant proceedings pending against us is included under “Part I — Item 3—Legal Proceedings,” including certain proceedings that
purport to be class action lawsuits. These proceedings seek unspecified monetary damages and/or injunctive relief. While we believe these proceedings are without merit and intend to contest them vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the
outcome of any such proceeding. If one or more of these proceedings has an unfavorable outcome, we cannot provide any assurance that it would not have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results, including our ability to attract
and retain clients as a result of the negative reputational impact of such an outcome. Further, while certain costs are covered by insurance, we may incur uninsured costs that are material to our financial performance in the defense of such
proceedings. 

22 

Table of Contents

Commercial liability insurance coverage continues to be difficult to obtain for companies in
our business sector which can cause unexpected volatility in premiums and/or retention requirements dictated by insurance carriers. We have established certain self-insurance accruals to cover anticipated losses within our retained liability for
previously reported claims and the cost to defend these claims. There can be no assurance that general, professional, managed care errors and omissions, and/or other liability insurance coverage will be reasonably available in the future or such
insurance coverage, together with our self-insurance accruals, will be adequate to cover future claims. A claim, or claims, in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Further, managing succession and retention for our Chief Executive
Officer and other key executives is critical to our success, and our failure to do so could have an adverse impact on our future performance. 

We believe that our ability to retain an experienced workforce and our ability to hire additional qualified employees is essential to meet current and future goals and objectives. There is no guarantee
that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that competition among potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. An inability to retain existing employees or attract additional employees could have a material adverse
effect on our business operations and our financial results. 

We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for
succession of our Chief Executive Officer, senior management and other key employees. While we have succession plans in place and we have employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of these
executives will continue to be available to us. 

Transaction-Related Risk Factors 

In addition to the general risk factors above, investors should consider the following risk factors arising from our intention to combine
with Medco through a series of mergers with newly formed subsidiaries of the Company (the “merger”). On July 20, 2011, we entered into the Merger Agreement with Medco, which was amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto on
November 7, 2011. As a result of the merger, we and Medco would become wholly-owned subsidiaries of a new holding company. The risk factors below should be read in conjunction with the risk factors above and the other information contained in
this report as our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected if any of these risks actually occur. 

Consummation of the merger with Medco is subject to regulatory approval and certain conditions and we cannot predict when or if such conditions will
be satisfied or waived or if, in connection with the receipt of necessary approvals, regulators will impose conditions on us that have an adverse effect on our business. 

Consummation of the merger with Medco is subject to regulatory approval and certain conditions, including, among others: 

•

 the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended and the
receipt of necessary governmental approvals 

•

 the accuracy of the representations and warranties and compliance with the respective covenants of the parties, subject to certain materiality
qualifiers 

•

 the absence of certain legal impediments 

•

 the receipt by each party of an opinion from counsel as to the tax treatment of the transaction 

•

 certain other customary conditions 

We cannot provide any assurance that the merger will be completed, that there will not be a delay in the completion of the merger or that all or any of the anticipated benefits of the merger will be
obtained. Any delay could also, among other things, result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenue or other negative effects associated with uncertainty about completion of the merger. We have dedicated significant time and resources,
financial and otherwise, in planning for the merger and the associated integration, rather than on other projects and initiatives. In the event the Merger Agreement is terminated or the transaction is materially delayed for any reason, the price of
our common stock may be impacted, and our business and financial condition may be adversely impacted. If the Merger Agreement is terminated, we may incur substantial fees in connection with the termination of the transactions and we will not
recognize the anticipated benefits of the merger. Regulatory authorities reviewing the merger may refuse to permit the merger or may impose restrictions or conditions on the merger that may seriously harm the combined company if the merger is
completed. 

23 

Table of Contents

Our indebtedness following the completion of the merger with Medco will be substantial and will
effectively reduce the amount of funds available for other business purposes. 

We currently expect to incur up to $14.0
billion of indebtedness to finance all or a portion of the cash component of the merger consideration. Interest costs related to this debt or other debt we may incur in connection with the merger will be substantial. Our new indebtedness may contain
negative or financial covenants that would limit our operational flexibility. Our increased level of indebtedness could reduce funds available for additional acquisitions or other business purposes, restrict our financial and operating flexibility
or create competitive disadvantages compared to other companies with lower debt levels. This in turn may reduce our flexibility in responding to changes in our businesses and in our industry. 

The anticipated benefits of the merger with Medco may not be realized fully and may take longer to realize than expected. 

The success of the merger will depend, in part, on the combined company’s ability to successfully combine the businesses of Express Scripts and Medco, which currently operate as independent public
companies, and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies, from the combination. If we are unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the
anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected and the value of the combined company’s common stock may be harmed. 

The merger involves the integration of Medco’s businesses with our existing business, which is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. We have not previously completed a transaction comparable
in size or scope to the proposed merger. The integration of two companies may result in material challenges, including, without limitation: 

•

 the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls at one or both of the companies as a result of
the devotion of management’s attention to the merger 

•

 managing a larger combined company 

•

 maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees 

•

 integrating two unique corporate cultures, which may prove to be incompatible 

•

 the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process 

•

 retaining existing clients and attracting new clients 

•

 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations 

•

 coordinating geographically separate organizations 

•

 unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems 

•

 unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations 

•

 managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the combined company 

•

 unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the merger 

•

 making any necessary modifications to internal financial control standards to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder 

Some of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could
result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Due to legal restrictions, we and Medco have been able to conduct only limited planning regarding the integration of the two companies
following the merger and have not yet determined the exact nature of how the businesses and operations of the two companies will be combined after the merger. The actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses, and the
anticipated benefits of the integration plan may not be realized. 

Delays encountered in the integration process could have a
material adverse effect on the revenues, expenses, operating results and financial condition of the combined company. Although we expect significant benefits, such as synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies, to result from
the merger, there can be no assurance that the combined company will realize any of these anticipated benefits. 

24 

Table of Contents

Our financial results after the merger will depend on our ability to maintain our and Medco’s client
relationships. 

A substantial portion of each of our and Medco’s revenues are received under long-term client
relationships. Our success following the merger will depend in part on our ability to maintain these client relationships, including those of Medco. Medco’s clients may have termination or other rights that may be triggered by the merger, or
these clients may decide not to renew their existing relationships with Medco or, after the merger, with us. If Medco (prior to the completion of the merger) and we (after the completion of the merger) are unable to maintain these client
relationships, our business, financial results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We will incur significant transaction
and merger-related costs in connection with the merger. 

We will incur significant costs in connection with the
integration process. The substantial majority of these costs will be non-recurring expenses related to the merger, facilities and systems consolidation costs. We may incur additional costs to maintain employee morale and to retain key employees. We
will also incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating integration plans. Additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of Medco’s businesses. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well
as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to more than offset incremental transaction and merger-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.

Failure to complete the merger could impact our stock price and our future business and financial results. 

If the merger is not completed or our financing for the transaction becomes unavailable, our ongoing business and financial results may
be adversely affected and we will be subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

•

 depending on the reasons leading to such termination we could be liable to Medco for substantial termination fees in connection with the termination of
the Merger Agreement and/or the reimbursement of certain of Medco’s expenses, in amounts up to $950 million 

•

 we would be required to redeem the aggregate $7.6 billion of senior notes issued in November 2011 and February 2012 at a redemption price equal to 101%
of the aggregate principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest 

•

 we have dedicated significant time and resources, financial and otherwise, in planning for the merger and the associated integration, rather than on
other projects and initiatives 

•

 in anticipation of the consummation of the transaction, certain key projects and initiatives have been delayed or have been designed or implemented in
a manner to facilitate the integration of the organizations after the merger 

•

 we could be responsible for certain transaction costs relating to the merger, whether or not the merger is completed 

•

 while the Merger Agreement is in force, we are subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of our business, which may adversely affect our ability
to execute certain of our business strategies 

•

 matters relating to the merger (including integration planning) may require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, whether or
not the merger is completed, which could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us 

In addition, if the merger is not completed, we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets and from our clients and employees. We may also be subject to litigation related to any failure
to complete the merger or to enforcement proceedings commenced against us to perform our obligations under the Merger Agreement. If the merger is not completed, these risks may materialize and may adversely affect our business, financial results and
financial condition, as well as the price of our common stock. 

If sufficient financing or other sources of capital are not available, we
may be subject to significant monetary or other damages under the Merger Agreement. 

We intend to finance all or a portion
of the cash component of the merger consideration with debt financing. However, our ability to obtain financing is not a condition to closing under the Merger Agreement. While the proceeds of our two recently-completed senior note issuances have
provided us with a significant portion of the cash required to complete the merger transaction, the remaining cash will come from a combination of our term credit facility, our revolving credit facility and/or cash from operations. We currently
believe these sources will provide us with the amounts necessary to fund the cash component of the merger consideration, and we have also obtained bridge financing in an amount which we believe would be sufficient to allow us to complete the
transaction. However, funding under each of the term credit facility, the revolving credit facility and the bridge facility is subject to conditions that may not be satisfied at the closing of the merger. If we are unable to obtain sufficient
financing or other sources of capital, we may be subject to significant monetary or other damages under the Merger Agreement as a result of our breach. 

25 

Table of Contents

The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the merger with Medco. 

The market price of the common stock of our company or the combined company may decline as a result of the merger if, among other things,
we are unable to achieve the expected growth in earnings, or if the operational cost savings estimates in connection with the integration of Medco’s business with ours are not realized, or if the transaction costs related to the merger are
greater than expected, or if the financing related to the transaction is on unfavorable terms. The market price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the merger as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or
industry analysts or if the effect of the merger on our financial results is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts. 

The merger will substantially reduce the percentage ownership interests of our current stockholders; it may not be accretive and may cause dilution to our earnings per share, which may negatively
affect the market price of our common stock. 

If the merger is completed, based on the closing price of our stock on
December 31, 2011, we will pay approximately $25.9 billion and issue approximately 363.4 million shares of stock of New Express Scripts to Medco’s stockholders, and Medco’s stockholders are expected to hold approximately 41% of
the common stock of New Express Scripts after the merger. We currently anticipate that the merger will be accretive to our earnings per share. This expectation is based on preliminary estimates which may materially change. We could also encounter
additional transaction and integration-related costs or other factors such as the failure to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the merger, or unforeseen liabilities or other issues existing or arising with the business of Medco or otherwise
resulting from the merger. All of these factors could cause dilution to our earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the merger and cause a decrease in the price of our common stock.