General Risk Factors 

We operate in a very competitive industry, which could compress our margins and impair our ability to attract and retain clients. Our failure to effectively differentiate our products and services from
those of our competitors in the marketplace could magnify the impact of the competitive environment. 

Our ability to
remain competitive depends upon our continued ability to attract new clients and retain existing clients, as well as cross-sell additional products and services to our clients. We operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that
is subject to significant market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative and regulatory developments and other market factors. Competition in the PBM marketplace has historically caused many PBMs, including us, to reduce the prices
charged for core services while sharing a greater portion of the formulary fees and related revenues received from pharmaceutical manufacturers with clients. Increased client demand for lower pricing, increased revenue sharing, enhanced service
offerings and higher service levels create pressure on our operating margins. We cannot assume that positive trends such as lower drug purchasing costs, increased generic usage, drug price inflation and increased rebates would offset these pressures
in the future. Our inability to maintain these positive trends, or failure to identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing pressures, could negatively impact our ability to attract or retain clients which could negatively impact our margins
and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

In addition, our clients are well informed and
organized and can easily move between us and our competitors. Our client contracts are generally three years and our larger clients generally seek competing bids prior to the expiration of their contract. These factors together with the impact of
the competitive marketplace or other significant differentiating factors between our products and services and those of our competitors may make it difficult for us to attract new clients, retain existing clients and cross-sell additional services,
which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

18 

Table of Contents

In the highly competitive PBM marketplace, the business offerings and reputations of our
competitors can have a substantial impact on their ability to attract and retain clients. In order to remain competitive, we must therefore differentiate our business offerings by innovating and delivering products and services that demonstrate
enhanced value to our clients, particularly in response to market changes from public policy. Furthermore, the reputational impact of a service-related event, or our failure to innovate and deliver products and services that demonstrate greater
value to our clients, could affect our ability to grow and retain profitable clients which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

The managed care industry has undergone periods of substantial consolidation and may continue to consolidate in the future. If one or more of our managed care clients is acquired, and the acquiring entity
is not a client, then we may be unable to retain all or a portion of the acquired business. If such acquisitions, individually or in the aggregate, are material, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

The delivery of healthcare-related products and services is an evolving and rapidly changing industry. Our failure to anticipate or
appropriately adapt to changes or trends within the industry could have a negative impact on our ability to compete and adversely affect our business and the results of our operations. 

We have designed our business model to compete within the current industry structure. However, any significant shifts in the structure of
the PBM industry would likely affect the environment in which we compete. Our client contracts are generally three years and our pharmaceutical manufacturer and retail contracts are generally non-exclusive and terminable on relatively short notice
by either party. Consequently, a large intra- or inter-industry merger, a new entrant or a new business model could alter the industry dynamics and adversely affect our ability to attract or retain clients. Our failure to anticipate or appropriately
adapt to changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We operate in a complex and rapidly evolving regulatory environment. Changes in applicable laws, rules or regulations, or their interpretation or
enforcement, or the enactment of new laws, rules or regulations, could require us to make significant changes to our business operations or result in the imposition of fines or penalties. Further, we may be required to spend significant resources in
order to comply with new, changing or existing laws, rules and regulations. 

Numerous state and federal laws, rules and
regulations affect our business and operations and include, among others, the following: 

•

 healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, which prohibit certain types of payments and referrals as well as false claims made in connection with
health benefit programs 

•

 ERISA and related regulations, which regulate many aspects of healthcare plan arrangements 

•

 state legislation regulating PBMs or imposing fiduciary status on PBMs 

•

 consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations 

•

 network pharmacy access laws, including “any willing provider” and “due process” legislation, that affect aspects of our pharmacy
network contracts 

•

 wholesale distributor laws 

•

 legislation imposing benefit plan design restrictions, which limit how our clients can design their drug benefit plans 

•

 various licensure laws, such as managed care and third party administrator licensure laws 

•

 drug pricing legislation, including “most favored nation” pricing 

•

 pharmacy laws and regulations 

•

 state insurance regulations applicable to our insurance subsidiaries 

•

 privacy and security laws and regulations, including those under HIPAA and HITECH 

•

 the Medicare prescription drug coverage rules 

•

 other Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement regulations, including subrogation 

•

 the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (the “Health Reform
Laws”) 

•

 federal laws related to our Department of Defense arrangement 

•

 federal antitrust laws related to our pharmacy, pharmaceutical manufacturer and client relationships 

•

 international laws 

These and other regulatory matters are discussed in more detail under “Part I — Item 1 — Business — Government Regulation and Compliance” above. 

19 

Table of Contents

We believe that we are operating our business in substantial compliance with all existing
material legal requirements applicable to us. However, significant uncertainties exist regarding the application of many of these legal requirements to our business. From time to time, state and federal law enforcement agencies and regulatory
agencies have initiated investigations or litigation involving certain aspects of our business or our competitors’ businesses and, consequently, we cannot provide any assurance that one or more of these agencies will not interpret or apply
these legal requirements in a manner adverse to our business, or, if there is an enforcement action brought against us, that our interpretation would prevail. In addition, there are numerous proposed healthcare laws, rules and regulations at the
federal and state levels, many of which could materially affect aspects of our business or adversely affect our financial results. We are unable to predict whether additional federal or state legislation or regulatory initiatives relating to our
business or the healthcare industry in general will be enacted in the future or what effect, if any, such legislation or regulations may have on us. Due to these uncertainties, we may be required to spend significant resources in connection with any
such investigation or litigation or to comply with new or existing laws and regulations. 

Various governmental agencies have
conducted investigations and audits into certain PBM business practices. Many of these investigations and audits have resulted in other PBMs agreeing to civil penalties, including the payment of money and corporate integrity agreements. We cannot
predict what effect, if any, such governmental investigations and audits may ultimately have on us or on the PBM industry in general (see “Part I — Item 3 — Legal Proceedings”). However, we may experience additional
government scrutiny and audit activity related to Medco’s government program services, including audits that Accredo Health Group face or may face which result in payment or offset of prior reimbursement from the government. 

The federal court in the District of Columbia recently overturned a previously enacted statute by the District of Columbia that purports
to declare that a PBM is a fiduciary with respect to its clients (see “Part I — Item 1 — Business — Government Regulations and Compliance — State Fiduciary Legislation”). However, other states are considering but
have not yet enacted similar fiduciary statutes, and we cannot predict what effect, if any, these and similar statutes, if enacted, may have on our business and financial results, nor can we predict how other courts may view such laws. 

We face risks associated with general economic conditions. 

Unfavorable and uncertain economic conditions may significantly and adversely affect our businesses and profitability in a variety of respects including: 

•

 our clients, or employers or other benefit providers served by our clients, may reduce or slow the growth of their workforce or covered membership, or
may elect to discontinue or diminish provided benefits, which would result in a reduction in the number of members we serve 

•

 consumers may be less willing or able to incur health care related expenses, whether due to personal economic circumstances, reduction in the level of
the health care benefit provided to the consumer or otherwise, which would result in lower than anticipated utilization 

•

 our clients, or potential clients, may increase demands and expectations with respect to pricing, rebates or service levels (including with respect to
performance guarantees), which would impact margins, or our ability to obtain new clients or retain existing clients 

•

 our clients, or potential clients, may be less willing to purchase additional products and services from us, which would impact our financial
performance 

Unfavorable and uncertain economic conditions may also cause disruptions in the credit markets
which could increase our cost of borrowing or make credit unavailable on acceptable terms to the extent we need additional funds. Such developments may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Policies designed to manage healthcare costs or alter healthcare financing practices may adversely impact our business and our financial results.

From time to time, certain legislative and/or regulatory proposals are made which seek to manage the cost of healthcare,
including prescription drug cost. Such proposals include “single-payer” government funded healthcare, changes in reimbursement rates, restrictions on access or therapeutic substitution, limits on more efficient delivery channels, taxes on
goods and services, price controls on prescription drugs and other significant healthcare reform proposals. We are unable to predict whether any such proposals will be enacted, or the specific terms thereof. Certain of these proposals, however, if
enacted, may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

20 

Table of Contents

The implementation of the Health Reform Laws could have an adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 

In March 2010, the federal government enacted the Health Reform Laws, which will be gradually phased in
through 2020 (see “Part I — Item 1 — Business — Government Regulation and Compliance — Federal Healthcare Reform”). The Health Reform Laws contain many provisions that directly or indirectly apply to us,
our clients, employers and benefit providers, pharmaceutical manufacturers, healthcare providers and others with whom we do business, including: 

•

 PBM disclosure requirements in the context of Medicare Part D and the anticipated health benefit exchanges 

•

 creation of government-regulated health benefits exchanges and new requirements for health plans offered by insurance companies, employers and other
plan sponsors 

•

 medical loss ratio requirements, which require insurers to spend a specified percentage of premium revenues on incurred claims or healthcare quality
improvements, and require some of our clients to report certain types of PBM proprietary information 

•

 various health insurance taxes and fees 

•

 changes to the calculation of average manufacturer price (“AMP”) of drugs and an increase in the rebate amounts drug manufacturers must pay
to states for drugs reimbursed by state Medicaid programs, including through Medicaid managed care organizations 

•

 imposition of new fees on pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers of brand-name prescription drugs 

•

 expansion of the 340B drug discount program, which limits the costs of certain outpatient drugs to qualified health centers and hospitals

•

 risk adjustments, risk corridors and reinsurance requirements that affect certain of our clients 

•

 closing of the so-called donut hole under Medicare Part D by lowering beneficiary coinsurance amounts 

•

 elimination of the tax deduction for employers who receive Medicare Part D retiree drug subsidy payments 

•

 mandated changes to client plan designs 

•

 changes to certain healthcare fraud and abuse laws 

The scope and ultimate effect of such provisions remains uncertain and we cannot predict the impact that any final implementation will have on our business and results of operations. 

If significant changes occur within the pharmacy provider marketplace, or if other issues arise with respect to our pharmacy networks, including the
loss of or adverse change in our relationship with one or more key pharmacy providers, our business and financial results could be impaired. 

More than 67,000 retail pharmacies, which represent over 95% of all United States retail pharmacies, participated in one or more of our networks at December 31, 2012. The ten largest retail pharmacy
chains represent approximately 60% of the total number of stores in our largest network. In certain geographic areas of the United States, our networks may be comprised of higher concentrations of one or more large pharmacy chains. Contracts with
retail pharmacies are generally non-exclusive and are terminable on relatively short notice by either party. If one or more of the larger pharmacy chains terminates its relationship with us, or is able to renegotiate terms that are substantially
less favorable to us, our members’ access to retail pharmacies and/or our business could be materially adversely affected. In addition, the entry of one or more large pharmacy chains into the PBM business, in addition to the current pharmacy
chain competitors, could increase the likelihood of negative changes in our relationship with such pharmacies. Changes in the overall composition of our pharmacy networks, or reduced pharmacy access under our networks, could have a negative impact
on our claims volume and/or our competitiveness in the marketplace, which could cause us to fall short of certain guarantees in our contracts with clients or otherwise impair our business or results of operations. 

A substantial portion of our revenue is concentrated in certain significant client contracts and our failure to execute on, or other issues arising
under, such contracts could adversely affect our financial results. Further, conditions or trends impacting certain of our key clients could result in a negative impact on our financial performance. 

As described in greater detail in the discussion of our business in Item 1 above (see “Part I — Item 1 —
Business — Clients”), we have long-term contracts with WellPoint, Inc. (“WellPoint”) and the United States Department of Defense (“DoD”). Our top 5 clients, including WellPoint and DoD, collectively represented 39.3%
and 56.7% of our revenue during 2012 and 2011, respectively. 

On July 21, 2011, Medco announced that its pharmacy benefit
services agreement with UnitedHealth Group would not be renewed, although Medco continued to provide services under an agreement, which expired on December 31, 2012. A transition agreement will be in place throughout 2013, during which time
patients will move in tranches off of the Medco platform. In addition to UnitedHealth Group, other major clients representing approximately 13% of Medco’s net revenues for 2011 did not renew their contracts with Medco for 2012 as a result of
acquisitions by competitors or transitioning in the normal course of business. 

21 

Table of Contents

If one or more of our large clients either terminates or does not renew a contract for any
reason or otherwise renews a contract on terms that are less favorable to us, our financial results could be materially adversely affected and we could experience a negative reaction in the investment community resulting in stock price declines or
other adverse effects. 

If we are not able to replace lost business by generating new sales with comparable operating margins
or successfully executing other corporate strategies, our revenues and results of operations could suffer. In addition, if certain of our key clients are negatively impacted by business conditions or other economic trends, or if such clients
otherwise fail to successfully maintain or grow their business, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

Regulatory or business changes relating to our participation in Medicare Part D, the loss of Medicare Part D eligible members, or our failure to
otherwise execute on our strategies related to Medicare Part D, may adversely impact our business and our financial results. 

Certain of our subsidiaries have been approved to function as a Part-D prescription drug plan (“PDP”) sponsor for the purpose of
making employer/union-only group waiver plans available for eligible clients and Medco’s insurance subsidiaries have been approved by CMS to participate in the Medicare Part D program as a national PDP sponsor that provides direct services to
Medicare Part D eligible members. We also provide other products and services in support of our clients’ Medicare Part D plans or federal Retiree Drug Subsidy. We have made, and may be required to make further, substantial investments in the
personnel and technology necessary to administer our Medicare Part D strategy and operations. There are many uncertainties about the financial and regulatory risks of participating in the Medicare Part D program, and we can give no assurance
that these risks will not materially adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

Certain of our subsidiaries are
subject to various contractual and regulatory compliance requirements associated with participating in Medicare Part D. As insurers organized and licensed under applicable state laws, these subsidiaries are subject to certain aspects of state laws
regulating the business of insurance in all jurisdictions in which they offer PDP services. As PDP sponsors, certain of our subsidiaries are required to comply with certain federal Medicare Part D laws and regulations applicable to PDP sponsors.
Additionally, the receipt of federal funds made available through the Part D program by us, our affiliates or clients is subject to compliance with the Part D regulations and established laws and regulations governing the federal government’s
payment for healthcare goods and services, including the anti-kickback laws and the federal False Claims Act. If material contractual or regulatory non-compliance was to be identified, including, for example, during CMS audits or client audits in
cases where we service PDP sponsors, recoupment, monetary penalties and/or applicable sanctions, including suspension of enrollment and marketing or debarment from participation in Medicare programs, could be imposed. Further, the adoption or
promulgation of new or more complex regulatory requirements or changes in the interpretation of existing regulatory requirements, in each case, associated with Medicare may require us to incur significant compliance-related costs which could
adversely impact our business and our financial results. 

In addition, due to the availability of Medicare Part D, some
of our employer clients may stop providing pharmacy benefit coverage to retirees, instead allowing retirees to choose their own Part D plans, which could cause a reduction in utilization for our services. Extensive competition among Medicare
Part D plans could also result in the loss of Medicare members by our managed care customers, which would cause a decline in our membership base. Further, Medco’s Part D product offerings require premium payment from members for the
ongoing benefit, as well as amounts due from CMS, and as a result of the demographics of the calculations, as well as the potential magnitude and timing of settlement for amounts due from CMS, these accounts receivable are subject to billing and
realization risk in excess of what is experienced in the core PBM business. 

Like many aspects of our business, the
administration of the Medicare Part D program is complex and any failure to effectively execute the provisions of the Medicare Part D program may have an adverse effect on our financial position results of operations or cash flows. As discussed
above, in March 2010, comprehensive healthcare reform was enacted into federal law through the passage of the Health Reform Laws. Additionally, as described above, the Health Reform Laws contain various changes to the Part D program and could have a
financial impact on our PDP and our clients’ demand for our other Part D products and services. 

We have historically engaged in
strategic transactions, including the acquisition of other companies or businesses, and will likely engage in similar transactions in the future. Our failure to effectively execute on such transactions or to integrate any acquired businesses could
adversely impact our operating results. Any such transactions will create significant transaction costs and require significant resources and management attention. 

22 

Table of Contents

We have historically engaged in strategic transactions, including the acquisition of other
companies and businesses. These transactions typically involve the integration of core business operations and technology infrastructure platforms that require significant management attention and resources. A failure or delay in the integration
process could have a material adverse affect on our financial results. In addition, such transactions may yield higher operating costs, greater customer attrition or more significant business disruption than anticipated. Further, even if we
successfully integrate the business operations, there can be no assurance that a transaction will result in the realization of the expected benefits of synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies, or that any realized benefits
will be achieved within the anticipated time frame or an otherwise reasonable period of time. 

Strategic transactions,
including the pursuit of such transactions, often require us to incur significant up-front costs. These costs are typically non-recurring expenses related to the assessment, due diligence, negotiation and execution of the transaction. We may also
incur additional costs to retain key employees as well as transaction fees and costs related to executing our integration plans. Although we would generally pursue the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of a business to offset
incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. 

Difficulty in integrating the business of Express Scripts, Inc. and Medco or uncertainty around realization of the anticipated benefits of the Merger,
including the expected amount and timing of cost savings and operating synergies and difficulty in retaining clients of the respective companies, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations as well as a decline of
our stock price. 

The success of the Merger will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully complete the combination
of ESI and Medco, and to fully realize the anticipated benefits from the combination, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies. If we are unable to fully achieve these objectives within a reasonable amount of time,
or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be fully realized or at all, or may take longer to fully realize than expected and the value of our common stock may decline. 

The combination of Medco’s business and ESI’s business is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. The ongoing integration of the two companies has resulted, and may continue to result, in
challenges, some of which may be material, including, without limitation: 

•

 the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls at one or both of the companies as a result of
the devotion of management’s attention to the completion of the integration 

•

 managing a larger combined company 

•

 maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees 

•

 the continuing integration of two unique corporate cultures 

•

 the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process 

•

 retaining existing clients and attracting new clients on profitable terms 

•

 retaining long-term client relationships which comprise a substantial portion of our revenues 

•

 consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations 

•

 coordinating geographically separate organizations 

•

 unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems 

•

 managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the combined company 

•

 unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the Merger 

•

 making any necessary modifications to internal financial control standards to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder 

Many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could
result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy. Delays or issues encountered in the ongoing integration process could have a material adverse effect on the revenues,
expenses, operating results and financial condition of the combined company and there can be no assurance that we will fully realize these anticipated benefits. 

Further, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs in connection with the integration process. The substantial majority of these costs are non-recurring expenses related to the
facilities and systems consolidation costs. We may also incur other unanticipated integration costs as well as costs to maintain employee morale and to retain key employees and additional costs related to formulating and revising integration plans.

If, among other things, we are unable to fully achieve the expected growth in earnings, or if our operational cost savings
estimates are not fully realized, or if the integration costs are greater than expected, the market price of our common stock may decline. The market price also may decline if we do not fully achieve the perceived benefits of the Merger as rapidly
or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the financial results of the combined company are not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts. 

23 

Table of Contents

Our debt service obligations reduce the funds available for other business purposes, and the terms and
covenants relating to our indebtedness could adversely impact our financial performance and liquidity. 

We currently have
debt outstanding (see summary of indebtedness within Note 7 – Financing), including indebtedness of ESI and Medco guaranteed by us. Our debt service obligations reduce the funds available for other business purposes. Increases in interest rates
on variable rate indebtedness would increase our interest expense and could materially adversely affect our financial results. At December 31, 2012, we had $2,631.6 million of obligations which were subject to variable rates of interest under
our credit agreements. A hypothetical increase in interest rates of 1% would result in an increase in annual interest expense of approximately $26.3 million (pre-tax), presuming that obligations subject to variable interest rates remained constant.
Note, however, that as of December 31, 2012, cash on hand exceeds our variable rate obligations by $162.3 million. 

We
are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, such as the insufficiency of cash flow to meet required debt service payment obligations and the inability to refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, certain of our debt instruments
contain covenants which include limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, and engage in mergers, consolidations or disposals. The covenants under our credit agreement also include, among others, a
minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. If we fail to satisfy one or more of the covenants under our credit agreement or the senior notes indentures, we would be in default under the credit agreement and/or the senior notes
indentures, and may be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources or otherwise not be able to draw down against our revolving credit facility. Under such circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to us, or be
available only on unattractive terms. See Note 7 – Financing to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II — Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Our ability to conduct operations depends on the security and stability of our technology infrastructure as well as the effectiveness of, and our ability to execute, business continuity plans across
our operations. A failure in the security of our technology infrastructure or a significant disruption in service within our operations could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We maintain, and are dependent on, a technology infrastructure platform that is essential for many aspects of our business operations. We
have many different information systems and have acquired additional information systems as a result of the Merger. It is imperative that we securely store and transmit confidential data, including personal health information, while maintaining the
integrity of our confidential information. However, any failure to protect against a security breach or a disruption in service could negatively impact our reputation and materially adversely impact our business operations and our results of
operations. Our technology infrastructure platform requires significant resources to maintain and enhance systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes as well as evolving industry and regulatory standards. Emerging and advanced security
threats, including coordinated attacks, require additional layers of security which may disrupt or impact efficiency of operations. From time to time, we may obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from
independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable to such third parties’ failure to adequately perform or protect against a security breach or service disruption. In the event we or our vendors experience: 

•

 a malfunction in business processes 

•

 security breaches (including from cyber- or phishing-attacks) 

•

 failure to maintain effective and up-to-date information systems or 

•

 otherwise experience unauthorized or non-compliant actions by any individual 

We could incur disruptions to our business operations or negative impacts to patient safety, customer and member disputes, damage to our
reputation, exposures to risk of loss, litigation or regulatory violations, increased administrative expenses or other adverse consequences. 

We operate dispensing pharmacies, call centers, data centers and corporate facilities that depend on the security and stability of our technology infrastructure. Our technology infrastructure could be
disrupted by any number of events including a general failure of the technology, malfunction of business process or a disaster or other catastrophic event. Such disruptions could, temporarily or indefinitely, significantly reduce, or partially or
totally eliminate our ability to process and dispense prescriptions and provide products and services to our clients and members. Any such service disruption at these facilities or to this infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations. 

24 

Table of Contents

Our business operations involve the substantial receipt and use of confidential health information
concerning individuals and a failure to adequately protect such information could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Most of our activities involve the receipt or use of protected health information concerning individuals. In addition, we use aggregated and anonymized data for research and analysis purposes, and in some
cases, provide access to such data to pharmaceutical manufacturers and third party data aggregators. There is currently substantial regulation at the federal and state levels addressing the use, disclosure and security of patient identifiable health
information. At the federal level, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and the regulations issued thereunder (collectively HIPAA) impose extensive requirements governing the transmission, use and disclosure of health
information by all participants in health care delivery, including physicians, hospitals, insurers and other payors. Many of these obligations were expanded under the Health Information and Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (the
“HITECH Act”), passed as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. Failure to comply with standards issued pursuant to state or federal statutes or regulations may result in criminal penalties and civil sanctions. These
and future regulations and legislation severely restricting or prohibiting our use of patient identifiable or other information could limit our ability to use information critical to the operation of our business. If we violate a patient’s
privacy or are found to have violated any state or federal statute or regulation with regard to confidentiality or dissemination or use of protected health information, we could be liable for significant damages, fines or penalties and suffer
reputational harm, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

If we lose our
relationship with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the payments made or discounts provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We maintain contractual relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers which provide us with, among other things: 

•

 discounts for drugs we purchase to be dispensed from our home delivery pharmacies 

•

 rebates based upon distributions of drugs from our home delivery pharmacies and through pharmacies in our retail networks 

•

 administrative fees for managing rebate programs, including the development and maintenance of formularies which include the particular
manufacturer’s products 

•

 access to limited distribution specialty pharmaceuticals 

If several of these contractual relationships are terminated or materially altered by the pharmaceutical manufacturers or we are otherwise unable to renew such contracts on favorable terms, our business
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, formulary fee programs have been the subject of debate in federal and state legislatures and various other public and governmental forums. Adoption of new laws, rules or
regulations or changes in, or new interpretations of, existing laws, rules or regulations, relating to any of these programs could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Changes in industry pricing benchmarks could materially impact our financial performance. 

Contracts in the prescription drug industry, including our contracts with retail pharmacy networks and with PBM and specialty pharmacy
clients, generally use “average wholesale price” or “AWP,” which is published by a third party as a benchmark to establish pricing for prescription drugs. In 2011, First DataBank, a significant provider of AWP information,
discontinued publishing such information. This and other recent events have raised uncertainties as to whether certain third parties will continue to publish AWP, which may result in the inability of payors, pharmacy providers, PBMs and others in
the prescription drug industry to continue to utilize AWP as a pricing benchmark as it has previously been calculated. In the event that AWP is no longer published or if we adopt other pricing benchmarks for establishing prices within the industry,
we can give no assurance that the short- or long-term impact of such changes to industry pricing benchmarks will not have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Legislation and other regulations affecting drug prices are discussed in more detail under “Part I — Item 1 —
Business — Government Regulation and Compliance — Legislation and Regulation Affecting Drug Prices” above. 

25 

Table of Contents

Pending and future litigation or other proceedings could subject us to significant monetary damages or
penalties and/or require us to change our business practices, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We are subject to risks relating to litigation, enforcement action, regulatory proceedings, and other similar actions in connection with our business operations, including without limitation the
dispensing of pharmaceutical products by our home delivery pharmacies, services rendered in connection with our disease management offering and our pharmaceutical services operations. A list of the significant proceedings pending against us is
included under “Part I — Item 3 — Legal Proceedings,” including certain proceedings that purport to be class action lawsuits. These proceedings seek unspecified monetary damages and/or injunctive relief. While we believe
these proceedings are without merit and intend to contest them vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome of any such proceedings. If one or more of these proceedings has an unfavorable outcome, we cannot provide any assurance that it
would not have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, including our ability to attract and retain clients as a result of the negative reputational impact of such an outcome. Further, while certain costs are covered by
insurance, we may incur uninsured costs that are material to our financial performance in the defense of such proceedings. 

Commercial liability insurance coverage continues to be difficult to obtain for companies in our business sector, as such insurance can
cause unexpected volatility in premiums and/or retention requirements dictated by insurance carriers. We have established certain self-insurance accruals to cover anticipated losses within our retained liability for previously reported claims and
the cost to defend these claims. However, there can be no assurance that such accruals will cover actual losses or that general, professional, managed care errors and omissions, and/or other liability insurance coverage will be reasonably available
in the future or such insurance coverage, together with our self-insurance accruals, will be adequate to cover future claims. A claim, or claims, in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 

We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Further, managing succession and retention for
our Chief Executive Officer and other key executives is critical to our success, and our failure to do so could have an adverse impact on our future performance. 

We believe that our ability to attract and retain a qualified and experienced workforce is essential to meet current and future goals and objectives. There is no guarantee that we will be able to attract
and retain such employees or that competition among potential employers will not result in increased salaries or other benefits. An inability to retain existing employees or attract additional employees could have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations. 

Our failure to adequately plan for succession of our Chief Executive Officer, senior
management and other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. While we have succession plans in place and employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee that the
services of these executives will continue to be available to us. 

Our international operations subject us to certain regulatory,
compliance, competition, tax and other risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

UBC operates in
various countries throughout the world and our other international operations include operations in Canada and nursing and other clinical services provided in Europe. The clinical research services provided by UBC depend on the willingness of
companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries to continue to outsource clinical development and our reputation for independent, high-quality scientific research and evidence development. In addition, there are risks inherent in our
international operations, including, without limitation (1) vigorous regulation of the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries; (2) compliance with a variety of ever-changing foreign laws and regulations, some of which may conflict
with one another; (3) difficulty of enforcing agreements, intellectual property rights and collection of receivables abroad; (4) tax rates, withholding requirements, the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions,
including restrictions on repatriation; (5) complexities of managing a multinational organization; (6) general economic and political conditions or terrorist activities in foreign countries; (7) exchange rate fluctuations; and
(8) longer payment cycles of foreign customers. Further, there can be no assurance that foreign governments will not enact legislation, impose restrictions or adopt interpretations of existing laws, rules or regulations that could have a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.