Failure
 to Maintain Growth Rates, or to Control Operating or Capital Costs, Could
 Adversely Affect Our Business

We
 have experienced rapid growth over the past several years.  Our ability to
 maintain our growth rate is dependent upon our ability to attract new clients,
 achieve growth in the membership base of our existing clients as well as
 cross-sell additional services to our existing clients.  If we are unable
 to continue our client and membership growth, and manage our operating and
 capital costs, our consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial
 position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations could be materially
 adversely affected. 

Client
 Demands for Enhanced Service Levels or Possible Loss or Unfavorable Modification
 of Contracts with Clients or Providers, Could Pressure Margins

As
 our
 clients face the continued rapid growth in prescription drug costs, they may
 demand additional services and enhanced service levels to help mitigate the
 increase in spending.  We operate in a very competitive environment, and we
 may not be able to increase our fees to compensate for these increased services,
 which could put pressure on our margins. 

We
 currently provide services to thousands of clients.  Our contracts with
 clients generally do not have terms longer than three years and, in some cases,
 are terminable by the client on relatively short notice.  Our larger
 clients generally seek bids from other PBM or Specialty providers in advance
 of
 the expiration of their contracts.  If several of these large clients elect
 not to extend their relationship with us, and we are not successful in
 generating sales to replace the lost business, our future business and operating
 results could be materially adversely affected.  In addition, we believe
 the managed care industry is undergoing substantial consolidation, and another
 party that is not our client could acquire some of our managed care clients.
  In such case, the likelihood such client would renew its contract with us
 could be reduced. 

More
 than
 58,000 retail pharmacies, which represent more than 98% of all United States
 retail pharmacies, participate in one or more of our networks.  However,
 the top ten retail pharmacy chains represent approximately 51% of the total
 number of stores in our largest network, and these pharmacy chains represent
 even higher concentrations in certain areas of the United States.  Our
 contracts with retail pharmacies, which are non-exclusive, are generally
 terminable on relatively short notice.  If one or more of the top pharmacy
 chains elects to terminate its relationship with us, our members’ access to
 retail pharmacies and our business could be materially adversely affected. 
In addition, many large pharmacy chains either own PBMs today, or could attempt
 to acquire a PBM in the future.  Ownership of PBMs by retail pharmacy
 chains could have material adverse effects on our relationships with such
 pharmacy chains and on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated
 financial position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations. 

Competition
 in the PBM Industry, Including Specialty, Could Reduce Profit
 Margins

The
 PBM
 business is very competitive.  Our competitors include large and
 well-established companies that may have greater financial, marketing and
 technological resources than we do.  Competition may also come from other
 sources in the future.  We cannot predict what effect, if any, these new
 competitors may have on the marketplace or on our business. 

Over
 the
 last several years competition in the marketplace has caused many PBMs,
 including us, to reduce the prices charged to clients for core services and
 share a larger portion of the formulary fees and related revenues received
 from
 pharmaceutical manufacturers with clients.  This combination of lower
 pricing and increased revenue sharing, as well as increased demand for enhanced
 service offerings and higher service levels, have put pressure on operating
 margins.  We expect to continue marketing our services to larger clients,
 who typically have greater bargaining power than smaller clients.  This
 might create continuing pressure on our margins.  We can give no assurance
 that new services provided to these clients will fully compensate for these
 reduced margins. 

The
 Specialty industry is also highly competitive and is experiencing both
 horizontal and vertical consolidation.  The products we sell are available
 from multiple sources.  Competitors include other specialty distributors,
 regional and national full-line, full-service pharmaceutical and medical supply
 distributors, home infusion therapy companies, pharmaceutical manufacturers
 and
 others.  Our failure to maintain and expand relationships with payors, who
 can effectively determine the pharmacy source for their members, could
 materially adversely affect our competitive position.  Our competitive
 position could also be adversely affected by any inability to obtain access
 to
 new biotech pharmaceutical products. 

State
 and Federal Regulations, and Their Interpretation or Application, Could Restrict
 Our Ability to Conduct Our Business 

Numerous
 state and federal laws and regulations affect our business and operations. 
The categories include, but are not necessarily limited to:

 •

 health
 care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, which prohibit certain
 types of
 payments and referrals as well as false claims made in connection
 with
 health benefit programs 

 •

 ERISA
 and related regulations, which regulate many health care plans

 •

 state
 legislation regulating PBMs or imposing fiduciary status on
 PBMs

 •

 consumer
 protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations

 •

 network
 pharmacy access laws, including “any willing provider” and “due process”
 legislation, that affect aspects of our pharmacy network
 contracts

 •

 wholesale
 distributor laws, including pedigree paper
 laws

 •

 legislation
 imposing benefit plan design restrictions, which limit how our clients
 can
 design their drug benefit plans 

 •

 various
 licensure laws, such as managed care and third party administrator
 licensure laws

 •

 drug
 pricing legislation, including “most favored nation” pricing and “unitary
 pricing” legislation 

 •

 pharmacy
 laws and regulations 

 •

 privacy
 and confidentiality laws and regulations, including those under HIPAA

 •

 the
 Medicare prescription drug coverage
 law

 •

 other
 Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement regulations

 •

 potential
 regulation of the PBM industry by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration

 •

 pending
 legislation regarding importation of drug products into the United
 States

These
 and
 other regulatory matters are discussed in more detail under “Item 1— 
Business — Government Regulation” above. 

We
 believe we are operating our business in substantial compliance with all
 existing legal requirements material to the operation of our business. 
There are, however, significant uncertainties regarding the application of
 many
 of these legal requirements to our business, and a number of state and federal
 law enforcement agencies and regulatory agencies have initiated investigations
 or litigation that involve certain aspects of our business or our competitors’
businesses.  Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that one or more
 of these agencies will not interpret or apply these laws differently, or, if
 there is an enforcement action brought against us, that our interpretation
 would
 prevail.  In addition, there are numerous proposed healthcare laws and
 regulations at the federal and state levels, many of which could materially
 affect our ability to conduct our business or adversely affect our consolidated
 results of operations.  We are unable to predict what additional federal or
 state legislation or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in the future
 relating to our business or the healthcare industry in general, or what effect
 any such legislation or regulations might have on us. 

The
 OIG
 of HHS issued the final Guidance on April 28, 2003.  The Guidance,
 which represents OIG’s general views and is not legally binding, contains
 guidelines for the design and operation of voluntary programs by pharmaceutical
 manufacturers to promote compliance with the laws relating to federal health
 care programs.  In addition, the Guidance identifies certain risk areas for
 pharmaceutical manufacturers, including certain types of arrangements between
 manufacturers and PBMs, pharmacies, physicians and others that have the
 potential to implicate the anti-kickback statute.  The Guidance contains a
 discussion of how manufacturers can structure their arrangements with PBMs,
 such
 as rebate programs and formulary support activities, to comply with the
 anti-kickback statute. 

The
 U.S.
 Attorney General’s Office in Philadelphia is conducting an investigation into
 certain PBM business practices.  Medco and AdvancePCS (since acquired by
 Caremark) have received subpoenas in connection with this investigation. 
The U.S. Attorney’s office has also intervened in a 
qui
 tam

 (“whistle blower”) proceeding, challenging certain of Medco’s business
 practices.  We have received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney’s Office in
 Boston, as have other PBMs including Caremark and Wellpoint Health
 Systems.  We have also received a letter of inquiry from the Department of
 Labor.  We cannot predict what effect, if any, these investigations may
 ultimately have on us or on the PBM industry generally (See Item 3 -Legal
 Proceedings). 

The
 State
 of Maine and the District of Columbia each have enacted statutes that purport
 to
 declare that a PBM is a fiduciary with respect to its clients.  Our trade
 association, PCMA filed suit in Federal District Courts in Maine and the
 District of Columbia alleging, among other things, that these statutes are
 preempted by ERISA with respect to welfare plans that are subject to
 ERISA.  The Federal District Court in Maine ruled the statute valid, and
 the First Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed.  The case challenging the D.C.
 statute is still pending.  Other states are considering but have not yet
 enacted similar fiduciary statutes.

Most
 of
 our activities involve the receipt or use of confidential medical information
 concerning individual members.  In addition, we use aggregated and
 anonymized data for research and analysis purposes and in some cases provide
 access to such data to pharmaceutical manufacturers.  Various federal and
 state laws, including the HIPAA (discussed below), currently regulate and
 restrict the use and disclosure of confidential medical information and new
 legislation is proposed from time to time in various states.  To date, no
 such laws have been adopted that adversely impact our ability to provide our
 services, but there can be no assurance that federal or state governments will
 not enact legislation, impose restrictions or adopt interpretations of existing
 laws that could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results
 of
 operations, consolidated financial position and/or consolidated cash flow from
 operations. 

In
 December 2000, HHS issued final privacy regulations, pursuant to HIPAA, which,
 among other things, imposes restrictions on the use and disclosure of
 individually identifiable health information by certain entities.  The
 compliance date for the final privacy regulations was April 14, 2003.  We
 believe we are in compliance, in all material respects, with the regulations
 to
 the extent they apply to us.  We are required to comply with certain
 aspects of these regulations.  For example, we are a “business associate”
under HIPAA in some instances with respect to our health plan clients and a
 “covered entity” under HIPAA when service is provided through our home delivery
 pharmacies.  Other HIPAA requirements relate to electronic transaction
 standards and code sets and the security of protected health information when
 it
 is maintained or transmitted electronically.  HHS issued final regulations
 establishing certain electronic transaction standards and code sets in August
 2000, with some modifications published in February 2003.  The compliance
 deadline for these regulations was October 16, 2002 (or, for certain small
 health care plans and entities that submitted an appropriate plan for compliance
 to the Secretary of HHS, October 16, 2003).  Final security regulations
 under HIPAA were published on February 20, 2003, and for most entities, the
 compliance date for these regulations was April 21, 2005. 

Loss
 of Relationships with Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Changes in the Regulation
 of Discounts and Formulary Fees Provided to Us by Pharmaceutical Manufacturers
 Could Decrease Our Profits

We
 maintain contractual relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers
 that provide may provide us, among other things, with:

 •

 discounts
 at the time we purchase the drugs to be dispensed from our home delivery
 pharmacies

 •

 rebates
 based upon sales of drugs from our home delivery pharmacies and through
 pharmacies in our retail networks 

 •

 administrative
 fees for managing rebate programs, including the development and
 maintenance of formularies which include the particular manufacturer’s
 products

If
 several of these contractual relationships are terminated or materially altered
 by the pharmaceutical manufacturers, our results of operations, consolidated
 financial position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations could be
 materially adversely affected. In addition, formulary fee programs have been
 the
 subject of debate in federal and state legislatures and various other public
 and
 governmental forums. Changes in existing laws or regulations or in
 interpretations of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws
 or
 regulations relating to any of these programs may materially adversely affect
 our business.

Pending
 and Future Litigation Could Subject Us to Significant Monetary Damages and/or
 Require Us to Change Our Business Practices

We
 are
 subject to risks relating to litigation and other proceedings in connection
 with
 our PBM operations, including the dispensing of pharmaceutical products by
 our
 home delivery pharmacies, and the services rendered in connection with our
 disease management and our PBS operations.  A list of a number of the more
 significant proceedings pending against us is included under Item 3 - Legal
 Proceedings.  These proceedings generally seek unspecified monetary damages
 and injunctive relief on behalf of a class of plaintiffs that are either our
 clients or individual members of health plans.  While we believe that these
 suits are without merit and intend to contest them vigorously, we can give
 no
 assurance that an adverse outcome in one or more of these suits would not have
 a
 material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated
 financial position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations, or would
 not
 require us to make material changes to our business practices.  We are
 presently responding to several subpoenas and requests for information from
 governmental agencies, as described in "Item 3 - Legal Proceedings."  We
 cannot predict with certainty what the result of any such inquiry might
 be.  In addition to potential monetary liability arising from these suits
 and proceedings, we are incurring costs in the defense of the suits and in
 providing documents to government agencies.  Certain of the costs are
 covered by our insurance, but certain other costs are not insured.  Such
 costs have become material to our financial performances and we can give no
 assurance that such costs will not increase in the future. 

Commercial
 Liability insurance coverage continues to be difficult to obtain for companies
 in our business sector which can cause unexpected volatility in premiums and/or
 retention requirements dictated by insurance carriers.  We have established
 certain self-insurance reserves to cover anticipated losses within our retained
 liability for previously reported claims and the cost to defend these
 claims.  There can be no assurance that general, professional, managed care
 errors and omissions, and/or other liability insurance coverage will be
 reasonably available in the future or that such insurance coverage, together
 with our self-insurance reserves, will be adequate to cover future claims. 
A claim, or claims, in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material
 adverse effect upon our consolidated results of operations, consolidated
 financial position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations.

Our
 Leverage and Debt Service Obligations Could Impede Our Operations and
 Flexibility 

As
 of
 December 31, 2005, we had consolidated debt of approximately $1.5 billion and
 our debt to equity ratio was 103.1%.  In October 2005, we negotiated a $2.2
 billion credit facility and refinanced our borrowings under our previous bank
 credit facility.  Our bank credit facility is guaranteed by certain of our
 subsidiaries.  We have substantial interest expense and future repayment
 obligations. 

Our
 level
 of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have
 important consequences, including the following: 

 •

 we
 will have to use a portion of our cash flow from operations for debt
 service rather than for our operations

 •

 we
 may from time to time incur additional indebtedness under our revolving
 credit facility, which is subject to a variable interest rate, making
 us
 vulnerable to increases in interest rates

 •

 we
 could be less able to take advantage of significant business
 opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities, and react to changes
 in
 market or industry conditions 

 •

 we
 could be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry
 conditions 

 •

 we
 may be disadvantaged compared to competitors with less leverage

Furthermore,
 our ability to satisfy our obligations, including our debt service requirements,
 will be dependent upon our future performance.  Factors which could affect
 our future performance include, without limitation, prevailing economic
 conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond
 our control and which could affect our consolidated results of operations,
 consolidated financial position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations.

Failure
 to Develop New Products, Services and Delivery Channels May Adversely Affect
 Our
 Business

We
 operate in a highly competitive environment.  We develop new products and
 services from time to time to assist our clients in managing the pharmacy
 benefit.  If we are unsuccessful in developing innovative products and
 services, our ability to attract new clients and retain existing clients may
 suffer. 

Technology
 is also an important component of our business, as we continue to utilize new
 and better channels, such as the Internet, to communicate and interact with
 our
 clients, members and business partners.  If our competitors are more
 successful than us in employing this technology, our ability to attract new
 clients, retain existing clients and operate efficiently may suffer.

Efforts
 to Reduce Health Care Costs and Alter Health Care Financing Practices Could
 Adversely Affect Our Business 

Certain
 proposals have been made in the United States to control health care costs,
 including prescription drug costs, in response to increases in prescription
 drug
 utilization rates and drug prices.  These proposals include “single-payer”
government funded health care, and price controls on prescription drugs.
 If these or similar efforts are successful or if prescription drug
 utilization rates were to decrease significantly, whether due to a reversal
 in
 the growing role of prescription drugs in medical treatment or otherwise, our
 business and consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely
 affected. 

We
 have
 designed our business model to compete within the current structure of the
 U.S.
 health care system.  Changing political, economic and regulatory influences
 may affect health care financing and reimbursement practices.  If the
 current health care financing and reimbursement system changes significantly,
 our business could be materially adversely affected.  Congress periodically
 considers proposals to reform the U.S. health care system.  These proposals
 may increase government involvement in health care and regulation of PBM
 services, or otherwise change the way our clients do business.  Health plan
 sponsors may react to these proposals and the uncertainty surrounding them
 by
 reducing or delaying purchases of cost control mechanisms and related services
 that we provide.  We cannot predict what effect, if any, these proposals
 may have on our business.  Other legislative or market-driven changes in
 the health care system that we cannot anticipate could also materially adversely
 affect our consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position
 and/or consolidated cash flow from operations. 

Future
 Implementation of Certain Government Initiatives Could Create Risks for our
 Business

In
 connection with the enactment of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement
 and
 Modernization Act of 2003 (the “MMA”), the Department of Health and Human
 Services Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) promulgated a
 substantial volume of new regulations implementing the federal government’s
 Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program, known as Medicare “Part D.” 
The OIG has also recently proposed new safe harbors and other regulation
 pursuant to the MMA.  Both of these federal regulatory agencies continue to
 issue guidance with regard to the Part D program and compliance with related
 federal laws and regulations by Part D sponsors and their subcontractors. 
The receipt of federal funds made available through this program by Express
 Scripts, its affiliates, or clients may be subject to compliance with these
 new
 regulations as well as the established laws and regulations governing the
 federal government’s payment for health care goods and services, as discussed
 above under 
Government
 Regulation

,
 including the Anti-Kickback Laws, the Stark Law, and the False Claims Act. 
There are many uncertainties about the financial and regulatory risks of
 participating in the Medicare Part D program, and we can give no assurance
 that
 these risks will not be material to our business in future periods.

Failure
 to Integrate Recent Acquisitions Could Adversely Affect Our
 Business

In
 October 2005 we acquired Priority for approximately $1.3 billion and in January
 2004, we acquired CuraScript for approximately $333 million.  We are
 in the process of integrating these businesses with our other operations.
 There are risks associated with integrating and operating newly acquired
 businesses.  We can give no assurance that we will successfully operate
 this new business. 

Increased
 Credit Risk Relative to Our Clients 

We
 recorded revenues of $16.3 billion during 2005 and we bill substantial amounts
 to many of our clients.  A deterioration of credit risks of any of our
 larger clients could impact our ability to collect revenue or provide future
 services, which could negatively impact the results of our operations. 
While we are focused on managing working capital, we can give no assurances
 that
 the deterioration of the credit risks relative to our clients would not have
 an
 adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial
 position and/or consolidated cash flow from operations. 

 Item
 1B—Unresolved Staff Comment Letters

There
 are
 no material unresolved written comments that were received from the SEC Staff
 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal year relating to our periodic
 or
 current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.