General


We
 operate in a very competitive industry, and competition could impair our ability
 to attract and retain clients, which could adversely affect our
 business

Our
 ability to maintain growth rates is dependent upon our ability to attract new
 clients and retain existing clients, as well as cross-sell additional services
 to existing clients. We operate in a very competitive environment. Some of
 our
 competitors may offer services and pricing terms we may not be able to
 offer. Our contracts with clients generally do not have terms longer than three
 years and, in some cases, are terminable by the client on relatively short
 notice. This competition may make it difficult for us to retain existing
 clients, sell to new clients and cross-sell additional services to clients,
 which could materially adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

Over
 the
 last several years, competition in the marketplace has also caused many PBMs,
 including us, to reduce the prices charged to clients for core services and
 share a larger portion of the formulary fees and related revenues received
 from
 pharmaceutical manufacturers with clients. This combination of lower pricing
 and
 increased revenue sharing, as well as increased demand for enhanced service
 offerings and higher service levels, has put pressure on operating margins.
 This
 pressure may continue, and we can give no assurance  new services provided
 to clients will fully compensate for these reduced margins.

We
 believe the managed care industry is undergoing substantial consolidation,
 and
 another party that is not our client could acquire some of our managed care
 clients. In such case, the likelihood such client would renew its contract
 with
 us, as opposed to one of our competitors, could be reduced.

Changes
 in industry pricing benchmarks could materially impact our financial
 performance

Contracts
 in the prescription drug industry, including our contracts with retail pharmacy
 networks and with PBM and specialty pharmacy clients, generally use certain
 published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. These
 benchmarks include AWP, average manufacturer price and wholesale
 acquisition cost.  Most of our client contracts utilize the AWP
 standard.

Recent
 events have raised uncertainties as to whether payors, pharmacy providers,
 PBMs
 and others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize AWP as
 it
 has previously been calculated or whether other pricing benchmarks will be
 adopted for establishing prices within the industry.

Specifically,
 in the recently announced proposed settlement in the case of 
New

England
 Carpenters Health Benefits Fund, et al. v. First
 DataBank,

et al.

,
 Civil
 Action No. 1:05-CV-11148-PBS (D. Mass.), a civil class action case brought
 against First DataBank (“FDB”), one of several companies that report data on
 prescription drug prices, FDB has agreed to reduce the reported AWP of certain
 drugs by four percent. At this time the proposed settlement has received
 preliminary but not final court approval. We cannot predict the outcome of
 the
 case or, if the settlement is approved, the precise timing of any of the
 proposed AWP changes.

In
 the
 absence of any mitigating action on our part, the proposed reduction in FDB’s
 AWP would have a material adverse effect on the margin we earn on home delivery
 transactions. It may also create disruption in our retail networks due to the
 adverse impact on AWP-based retail pharmacy pricing. However, most of our
 contracts with clients and retail pharmacies contain terms we believe will
 enable us to mitigate the adverse effect of this proposed reduction in FDB’s
 reported AWP.

Due
 to
 these and other uncertainties, we can give no assurance that the short or
 long-term impact of changes to industry pricing benchmarks will not have a
 material adverse effect on our business and financial results in future periods.
 Our various projections, including earnings guidance for 2007, contemplate
 what
 we have estimated to be the most probable impact resulting from the proposed
 FDB
 settlement. Actual results may be materially less favorable or materially more
 favorable than those estimated in formulating such projections.

Client
 demands for additional services or enhanced service levels could put
 pressure

on
 margins

As
 our
 clients face the continued rapid growth in prescription drug costs, they may
 demand additional services and enhanced service levels to help mitigate the
 increase in spending. We operate in a very competitive environment, and may
 not
 be able to increase our fees to compensate for these increased services, which
 could put pressure on our margins.

If
 we
 lose relationships with one or more key pharmaceutical

manufacturers
 or if the payments made or discounts provided by pharmaceutical

manufacturers
 decline, our business and financial results could be adversely

affected

We
 maintain contractual relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers
 that may provide us with, among other things: 

 •

 discounts
 for drugs we purchase to be dispensed from our home delivery
 pharmacies;

 •

rebates based upon sales of drugs from our home
 delivery
 pharmacies and through pharmacies in our retail
 networks;

 •

administrative fees for managing rebate programs,
 including the development and maintenance of formularies which include
 the
 particular manufacturer’s products; and

 •

access to limited distribution specialty
 pharmaceuticals.

If
 several of these contractual relationships are terminated or materially altered
 by the pharmaceutical manufacturers, our business and financial results could
 be
 materially adversely affected. In addition, formulary fee programs have been
 the
 subject of debate in federal and state legislatures and various other public
 and
 governmental forums. Changes in existing laws or regulations or in
 interpretations of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws
 or
 regulations relating to any of these programs may materially adversely affect
 our business.

If
 we
 lose our relationship with one or more key pharmacy providers, or our
 relationship is modified in an unfavorable manner, our business could
 be

impaired

More
 than
 57,000 retail pharmacies, which represent more than 95% of all United States
 retail pharmacies, participate in one or more of our networks. However, the
 top
 ten retail pharmacy chains represent approximately 54% of the total number
 of
 stores in our largest network, and these pharmacy chains represent even higher
 concentrations in certain areas of the United States. Our contracts with retail
 pharmacies, which are non-exclusive, are generally terminable on relatively
 short notice by either party. If one or more of the top pharmacy chains elects
 to terminate its relationship with us, or attempts to renegotiate the terms
 of
 the relationship in a manner that is unfavorable to us, our members’ access to
 retail pharmacies and our business could be materially adversely affected.
The
 continued growth of PBMs owned by the top pharmacy chains, or the acquisition
 of
 significant PBM operations by such chains could increase the likelihood of
 our
 relationships with such pharmacy chains being adversely
 affected.

Pending
 and future litigation could subject us to significant monetary

damages
 and/or require us to change our business practices

We
 are
 subject to risks relating to litigation and other proceedings in connection
 with
 our PBM operations, including the dispensing of pharmaceutical products by
 our
 home delivery pharmacies, and the services rendered in connection with our
 disease management and our pharmaceutical services operations. A list of a
 number of the more significant proceedings pending against us is included under
 "Item 3 - Legal Proceedings." These proceedings generally seek unspecified
 monetary damages and injunctive relief on behalf of a class of plaintiffs that
 are either clients or individual members of health plans. While we believe
 these
 suits are without merit and intend to contest them vigorously, we can give
 no
 assurance that an adverse outcome in one or more of these suits would not have
 a
 material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

We
 are
 presently responding to several subpoenas and requests for information from
 governmental agencies, as described in “Item 3 - Legal Proceedings.” We cannot
 predict with certainty what the result of any such inquiry might be. In addition
 to potential monetary liability arising from these suits and proceedings, we
 are
 incurring costs in the defense of the suits and in providing documents to
 government agencies. Certain of the costs are covered by our insurance, but
 certain other costs are not insured. Such costs have become material to our
 financial performances and we can give no assurance that such costs will not
 increase in the future.

Commercial
 liability insurance coverage continues to be difficult to obtain for companies
 in our business sector which can cause unexpected volatility in premiums and/or
 retention requirements dictated by insurance carriers. We have established
 certain self-insurance reserves to cover anticipated losses within our retained
 liability for previously reported claims and the cost to defend these claims.
 There can be no assurance general, professional, managed care errors and
 omissions, and/or other liability insurance coverage will be reasonably
 available in the future or such insurance coverage, together with our
 self-insurance reserves, will be adequate to cover future claims. A claim,
 or
 claims, in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect
 on our business and financial results.

Medicare
 Part D may adversely impact our business

In
 connection with the enactment of the MMA, CMS promulgated a substantial volume
 of new regulations implementing the federal government’s Voluntary Prescription
 Drug Benefit Program, known as Medicare “Part D.” The Office of Inspector
 General has also proposed new safe harbors and other regulation pursuant to
 the
 MMA. Both of these federal regulatory agencies continue to issue guidance with
 regard to the Part D program and compliance with related federal laws and
 regulations by Part D sponsors and their subcontractors. The receipt of
 federal funds made available through this program by us, our affiliates, or
 clients may be subject to compliance with these new regulations as well as
 the
 established laws and regulations governing the federal government’s payment for
 health care goods and services, including the Anti-Kickback Laws, the Stark
 Law,
 and the False Claims Act. There are many uncertainties about the financial
 and
 regulatory risks of participating in the Medicare Part D program, and we
 can give no assurance that these risks will not be material to our business
 in
 future periods.

In
 addition, due to the implementation of Medicare Part D, some of our
 employer clients may decide to stop providing pharmacy benefit coverage to
 retirees, instead allowing the retirees to choose their own Part D plans,
 which could result in us losing members. Extensive competition among Medicare
 Part D plans could also result in the loss of Medicare members by our
 managed care customers, which would also result in a decline in our membership
 base.

State
 and Federal regulations could restrict our ability to conduct
 business

Numerous
 state and federal laws and regulations affect our business and operations.
 The
 categories include, but are not necessarily limited to:

 •

 health
 care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, which prohibit certain
 types of
 payments 

and
 referrals as well as false claims made in connection with health
 benefit
 programs

 •

 ERISA
 and related regulations, which regulate many health care
 plans

 •

 state
 legislation regulating PBMs or imposing fiduciary status on
 PBMs

 •

 consumer
 protection and unfair trade practice laws and
 regulations

 •

 network
 pharmacy access laws, including “any willing provider” and “due process”
 legislation,

that
 affect aspects of our pharmacy network
 contracts

 •

 wholesale
 distributor laws, including pedigree paper
 laws

 •

 legislation
 imposing benefit plan design restrictions, which limit how our clients
 can
 design their drug 

benefit
 plans

 •

 various
 licensure laws, such as managed care and third party administrator
 licensure laws

 •

 drug
 pricing legislation, including “most favored nation” pricing and “unitary
 pricing” legislation

 •

 pharmacy
 laws and regulations 

 •

 privacy
 and confidentiality laws and regulations, including those under
 HIPAA

 •

 the
 Medicare prescription drug coverage law

 •

 other
 Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement
 regulations

 •

 the
 Prescription Drug Marketing Act 

 •

 potential
 regulation of the PBM industry by the U.S. Food and Drug
 Administration

 •

 pending
 legislation regarding importation of drug products into the United
 States

 •

 state
 laws regulating the business of insurance

These
 and
 other regulatory matters are discussed in more detail under “Item 1 —
Business — Government Regulation” above.

We
 believe that we are operating our business in substantial compliance with all
 existing legal requirements material to the operation of our business. There
 are, however, significant uncertainties regarding the application of many of
 these legal requirements to our business, and a number of state and federal
 law
 enforcement agencies and regulatory agencies have initiated investigations
 or
 litigation that involve certain aspects of our business or our competitors’
businesses. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that one or more of
 these agencies will not interpret or apply these laws differently, or, if there
 is an enforcement action brought against us, that our interpretation would
 prevail. In addition, there are numerous proposed health care laws and
 regulations at the Federal and state levels, many of which could materially
 affect our ability to conduct our business or adversely affect our financial
 results. We are unable to predict what additional Federal or state legislation
 or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in the future relating to our business
 or the health care industry in general, or what effect any such legislation
 or
 regulations might have on us.

Various
 governmental agencies, including the U.S. Attorney General’s Office in
 Philadelphia and a number of State Attorneys General, have conducted
 investigations into certain PBM business practices. Many of these investigations
 have resulted in PBMs, including Medco and AdvancePCS (now part of Caremark),
 agreeing to civil penalties, including the payment of money and corporate
 integrity agreements. We have received subpoenas from the U.S. Attorney’s
 Office in Boston and a number of State Attorneys General. We have also received
 a letter of inquiry from the Department of Labor. We cannot predict what effect,
 if any, these investigations may ultimately have on us or on the PBM industry
 generally (see "Item 3 - Legal Proceedings").

The
 State
 of Maine and the District of Columbia have each enacted statutes that purport
 to
 declare that a PBM is a fiduciary with respect to its clients. Our trade
 association, PCMA, filed suit in Federal District Courts in Maine and the
 District of Columbia alleging, among other things, that these statutes are
 preempted by ERISA with respect to welfare plans that are subject to ERISA.
 The
 Federal District Court in Maine ruled the statute valid, and the First Circuit
 Court of Appeals affirmed. The case challenging the D.C. statute is still
 pending. Other states are considering but have not yet enacted similar fiduciary
 statutes, and we cannot predict what effect, if any, these and similar statutes
 may have on our business and financial results.

Most
 of
 our activities involve the receipt or use of confidential medical information
 concerning individuals. In addition, we use aggregated and anonymized data
 for
 research and analysis purposes and in some cases provide access to such data
 to
 pharmaceutical manufacturers. Various federal and state laws, including HIPAA,
 regulate and restrict the use, disclosure and security of confidential medical
 information and new legislation is proposed from time to time in various states.
 To date, no such laws have been adopted that adversely impact our ability to
 provide services, but there can be no assurance that federal or state
 governments will not enact legislation, impose restrictions or adopt
 interpretations of existing laws that could have a material adverse effect
 on
 our business and financial results.

Effective
 as of 2007, our subsidiary, Express Scripts Insurance Company (“ESIC”), began
 offering a prescription drug plan (“PDP”) in connection with the Medicare
 Part D program for purposes of making employer/union-only group waiver
 plans (known as “EGWP” plans) available for applicable clients. As a licensed
 insurer organized and licensed under the laws of the State of Arizona, ESIC
 will
 be subject to state and federal laws regulating the business of insurance in
 all
 jurisdictions in which ESIC offers its PDP. CMS regulations and applicable
 guidance currently require that ESIC be authorized to offer its prescription
 drug plan to individuals residing in all fifty states and Puerto Rico. As a
 PDP
 sponsor, ESIC will be subject to compliance with all federal laws and
 regulations applicable to such sponsors as a result of the MMA and the
 regulations promulgated in connection with implementation of the Medicare
 Part D drug benefit. While many state insurance laws and regulations are
 well-established, CMS continues to provide guidance and promulgate new
 regulations in an attempt to assist PDPs and state regulators to determine
 the
 appropriate applicability of state insurance laws in the context of the federal
 Part D drug benefit provided through an EGWP plan. Uncertainty as to the
 applicability of state and federal laws to ESIC’s operations could have an
 impact on our ability to successfully offer products and services under the
 Part D drug benefit and our ability to comply with applicable laws in doing
 so.

Efforts
 to reduce health care costs and alter health care financing practices
 could

adversely
 affect our business

Certain
 proposals have been made in the United States to control health care costs,
 including prescription drug costs, in response to increases in prescription
 drug
 utilization rates and drug prices. These proposals include “single-payer”
government funded health care, and price controls on prescription drugs. If
 these or similar efforts are successful or if prescription drug utilization
 rates were to decrease significantly, whether due to a reversal in the growing
 role of prescription drugs in medical treatment or otherwise, our business
 and
 consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely
 affected.

We
 have
 designed our business model to compete within the current structure of the
 United States health care system. Changing political, economic and
 regulatory influences may affect health care financing and reimbursement
 practices. If the current health care financing and reimbursement system changes
 significantly, our business could be materially adversely affected. Congress
 periodically considers proposals to reform the United States health care
 system. These proposals may increase government involvement in health care
 and
 regulation of PBM services, or otherwise change the way our clients do business.
 Health plan sponsors may react to these proposals and the uncertainty
 surrounding them by reducing or delaying purchases of cost control mechanisms
 and related services that we provide. We cannot predict what effect, if any,
 these proposals may have on our business. Other legislative or market-driven
 changes in the health care system that we cannot anticipate could also
 materially adversely affect our business and financial results.

If
 we
 fail to successfully complete the integration of the Priority Healthcare
 business into our operations, our business and financial results could be
 adversely affected

In
 October 2005, we acquired Priority Healthcare Corporation for approximately
 $1.3 billion. We are in the process of integrating the Priority business
 with our other operations. There are risks associated with integrating and
 operating a newly acquired business. We can give no assurance we will
 successfully operate this new business.

Risk
 Factors Relating our Offer to Acquire the Stock of
 Caremark

On
 December 18, 2006 we made an offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares
 of
 Caremark stock, and on January 16, 2007 we launched an exchange offer for the
 stock of Caremark which is described in detail in the registration statement
 filed on that date (see “The Company—Acquisitions and Joint Ventures”). Our
 business would be subject to the following additional risk factors if we are
 successful in acquiring Caremark. 

We
 must incur additional indebtedness to acquire the shares of
 Caremark

common
 stock. We

expect,
 but cannot guarantee, the combined company will be able to make
 all

required
 principal and interest payments when due

Our
 indebtedness following the acquisition of Caremark would be significantly higher
 than our current indebtedness and higher than the sum of our current
 indebtedness and Caremark’s current indebtedness. Our total indebtedness as of
 December 31, 2006 was approximately $1.5 billion. Our pro forma total
 indebtedness as of September 30, 2006, after giving effect to the
 acquisition of 100% of the outstanding shares of Caremark common stock would
 be
 approximately $13.4 billion and could be as high as approximately
 $15.0 billion if we complete the exchange offer and related second-step
 merger. Based upon current levels of operations, anticipated growth and
 experience in paying down debt incurred to fund acquisitions, we expect, but
 cannot guarantee, the combined company would be able to generate sufficient
 cash
 flow to make all of the principal and interest payments under this indebtedness
 when such payments are due.

Our
 increased level of indebtedness could impact our operations and

liquidity

Our
 increased indebtedness following a Caremark acquisition could, during the period
 in which it is outstanding, have important consequences to holders of our common
 stock. For example, it could:

 •

 cause
 us to use a portion of our cash flow from operations for debt service
 rather than for our operations;

 •

 cause
 us to be less able to take advantage of significant business
 opportunities, such as acquisition

opportunities,
 and to react to changes in market or industry
 conditions;

 •

 cause
 us to be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry
 conditions;

 •

 cause
 us to be disadvantaged compared to competitors with less
 leverage;

 •

 result
 in a downgrade in the rating of our indebtedness which could increase
 the
 cost of further borrowings; and

 •

 subject
 us to interest rate risk because some of our borrowing will be at
 variable rates of interest.

If
 we
 are unable to comply with restrictions in the proposed credit

facilities,
 the indebtedness thereunder could be accelerated

The
 credit facilities contemplated by the commitment letter received by us in
 connection with the Caremark transaction would impose restrictions on us and
 require certain payments of principal and interest over time. A failure to
 comply with these restrictions or to make these payments could lead to an event
 of default which could result in an acceleration of the indebtedness. We cannot
 make any assurances our future operating results will be sufficient to ensure
 compliance with the covenants in our agreements or to remedy any such default.
 In the event of an acceleration of this indebtedness, we may not have or be
 able
 to obtain sufficient funds to make any accelerated payments. 

After
 we accept shares of Caremark common stock for exchange in the

offer,
 it is possible we will not have effective control over the

governance
 or operations of Caremark or be able to promptly consummate a
 second-step

merger
 with Caremark

If
 we do
 not acquire at least 90% of the issued and outstanding shares of Caremark common
 stock pursuant to the exchange offer, we could be limited in our ability to
 control the operations of Caremark or to promptly effect the related second-step
 merger. Caremark’s board of directors currently consists of three separate
 classes, and members within each class serve three year terms. If Caremark’s
 board does not negotiate a merger agreement with us, a total of two Caremark
 stockholder meetings (including the 2007 annual meeting of stockholders) could
 be required before our nominees, or other persons who support a transaction
 with
 us, would constitute a majority of Caremark’s board of directors. During this
 period, Caremark’s existing board of directors could take actions, or refuse to
 consent to actions, which would permit the integration of Caremark and
 us.

Uncertainties
 exist in integrating the business and operations of Caremark and
 us

Following
 a successful acquisition of Caremark, we intend, to the extent possible, to
 integrate Caremark’s operations with our operations. Although we believe the
 integration of Caremark’s operations into our operations will be achievable,
 there can be no assurance we will not encounter substantial difficulties
 integrating Caremark’s operations with our operations, which could result in a
 delay or the failure to achieve the anticipated benefits and synergies of the
 combination and, therefore, the expected increases in earnings and cost savings.
 Additionally, these cost savings and increases in earnings may be lower than
 we
 currently expect, or may not be realized. 

We
 would be required to obtain governmental and regulatory consents to consummate
 the 

acquisition
 of 

Caremark,
 which, if delayed, not granted or granted with unacceptable conditions,
 may

result
 in additional expenditures of money and

resources
 and/or reduce the anticipated benefits of the combination

contemplated
 by the offer

The
 consummation of our acquisition of Caremark, and the exchange offer, would
 each
 require the receipt of all material governmental authorizations, consents,
 orders and approvals, including the expiration or termination of the applicable
 waiting periods under the HSR Act and regulatory clearance from the Tennessee
 Insurance Commissioner with respect to Caremark’s Tennessee domiciled insurance
 company subsidiary. The governmental agencies from which we will seek these
 approvals or exemptions have broad discretion in administering the governing
 regulations. As a condition to their approval of such transactions contemplated,
 agencies may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures
 or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company’s business. These
 requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions could reduce
 the
 anticipated benefits of the combination of our business with Caremark. Further,
 if we agree to any material requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures
 or
 restrictions in order to obtain any required approvals , these requirements,
 limitations, additional costs or restrictions could adversely affect the two
 companies’ ability to integrate their operations or reduce the anticipated
 benefits of the combination. This could have a material adverse effect on the
 business and results of operations of the combined company. The necessary
 regulatory approvals are described in detail in the exchange offer registration
 statement. 

The
 acquisition of Caremark’s stock could trigger certain provisions contained in
 Caremark’s employee benefit

plans
 or agreements that could require us to make change of control

payments
 or permit a counter-party to an agreement with Caremark to terminate
 that

agreement

Certain
 of Caremark’s employee benefit plans or agreements contain change of control
 clauses providing for compensation to be granted to certain members of Caremark
 senior management either upon a change of control, or if, following a change
 of
 control, Caremark terminates the employment relationship between Caremark and
 these employees, or if these employees terminate the employment relationship
 because their respective positions with Caremark have materially changed. If
 successful, our acquisition of Caremark’s stock would likely constitute a change
 of control, thereby giving rise to potential change of control
 payments.

Because
 we have not had the opportunity to review Caremark’s non-public information,
 there may be other agreements that permit a counter-party to terminate an
 agreement because the offer or the second-step merger would cause a default
 or
 violate an anti-assignment, change of control or similar clause. If this
 happens, we may have to seek to replace that agreement with a new agreement.
 We
 cannot assure you that we will be able to replace a terminated agreement on
 comparable terms or at all. Depending on the importance of a terminated
 agreement to Caremark’s business, failure to replace that agreement on similar
 terms or at all may increase the costs to us of operating Caremark’s business or
 prevent us from operating part or all of Caremark’s business.

The
 consummation of the offer may accelerate Caremark’s existing
 indebtedness

Under
 Caremark’s existing credit agreement, our acceptance for exchange of a majority
 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Caremark may be deemed a “change of
 control” which would cause the indebtedness under Caremark’s credit agreement to
 become immediately due and payable. Caremark may not be able to refinance its
 existing debt or only on conditions less favorable for Caremark, either of
 which
 may have an adverse effect on the value of the stock of Caremark and, indirectly
 on the value of our stock. If we do not control Caremark and are unable to
 complete the second-step merger, we may not be able to assist Caremark in
 obtaining alternative financing.

The
 market for our common stock may be adversely affected by the
 issuance

of
 shares pursuant to the offer and the second-step merger

In
 connection with the exchange offer and the second-step merger, we would
 issue approximately 185,428,000 shares of our common stock. The
 increase in the number of shares of our common stock may lead to sales of such
 stock or the perception that such sales may occur, either of which may adversely
 affect the market for, and the market price of, our common
 stock.