General Risk Factors

We operate in a very competitive industry, and competition could compress our margins and impair
our ability to attract and retain clients. Our failure to differentiate our products and services
in the marketplace could magnify the impact of the competitive environment.

          Our ability to remain competitive is dependent upon our ability to attract new clients and
retain existing clients, as well as cross-sell additional services to our clients. We operate in a
highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to significant market pressures
brought about by customer demands, legislative and regulatory activity and other market factors.
Historically in the PBM industry, competition in the marketplace has also caused many PBMs,
including us, to reduce the prices charged to clients for core services and share a larger portion
of the formulary fees and related revenues received from pharmaceutical manufacturers with clients.
This combination of lower pricing and increased revenue sharing, as well as increased demand for
enhanced service offerings and higher service levels, puts pressure on operating margins, which
have historically been offset by a variety of positive trends including lower drug purchasing
costs, increased generic usage, drug price inflation and increased rebates. Our failure or
inability to maintain these positive trends, or identify and implement new ways to mitigate pricing
pressures, could impact our ability to attract or retain clients, or negatively impact our margins.

          In addition, our clients are well informed and organized and can easily move between us and
our competitors. These factors together with the impact of the competitive marketplace may make
it difficult for us to retain existing clients, sell to new clients and cross-sell additional
services to clients, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial results.

          In a highly competitive marketplace such as the PBM industry, a competitor’s service offering
and reputation within the industry can have a substantial impact on its ability to attract and
retain clients. This requires us to differentiate our business offerings by innovating and
delivering products and services that demonstrate value to our clients, particularly in response to
market changes from public policy. Further, the reputational impact of a service-related event, or
our failure to innovate and deliver products and services that demonstrate value to our clients,
may affect our ability to retain or grow profitable clients which could have a material adverse
affect on our financial results.

16

Table of Contents

          The managed care industry has undergone substantial consolidation in recent years, and we
believe this trend is likely to continue. If one or more of our managed care clients is acquired,
and the acquiring entity is not a client, then we may be unable to retain all or a portion of the
impacted business. If such acquisitions, individually or in the aggregate, are material, they
could have a material adverse affect on our business, the results of our operations and financial
position.

The delivery of healthcare-related products and services is an evolving and rapidly changing
industry. Our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to changes in the industry could have a
negative impact on our ability to compete and adversely affect our business operations and
financial results.

          While we believe we are well positioned in our industry, we have designed our business model
to compete within the current industry structure. Any significant shift in the structure of the
PBM industry could affect the environment in which we compete. A large intra- or inter-industry
merger or a new business model entrant could alter the industry dynamics and adversely affect our
business and financial results as our client contracts are generally three years and our
pharmaceutical manufacturer and retail contracts are generally non-exclusive and terminable on
relatively short notice by either party. Our failure to anticipate or appropriately adapt to
changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our
business operations and financial results.

We operate in a complex and evolving regulatory environment. Changes in applicable laws or
regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, or the enactment of new laws or regulations,
could require us to make changes to how we operate our business or result in the imposition of
penalties. Further, we may be required to spend significant resources in order to comply with new
or existing laws and regulations.

          Numerous state and federal laws and regulations affect our business and operations. The
categories include, among others, the following:

•

health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, which prohibit certain types of payments
and referrals as well as false claims made in connection with health benefit programs

•

ERISA and related regulations, which regulate many aspects of health care plan arrangements

•

state legislation regulating PBMs or imposing fiduciary status on PBMs

•

consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations

•

network pharmacy access laws, including “any willing provider” and “due process”
legislation, that affect aspects of our pharmacy network contracts

•

wholesale distributor laws

•

legislation imposing benefit plan design restrictions, which limit how our clients can
design their drug benefit plans

•

various licensure laws, such as managed care and third party administrator licensure laws

•

drug pricing legislation, including “most favored nation” pricing

•

pharmacy laws and regulations

•

privacy and security laws and regulations, including those under HIPAA and HITECH

•

the Medicare prescription drug coverage rules

•

other Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement regulations

•

the Prescription Drug Marketing Act

•

the federal Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (the “Health Reform Laws”)

•

federal laws related to our Department of Defense arrangement

•

federal antitrust laws related to our pharmacy, pharmaceutical manufacturer, and client
relationships

          These and other regulatory matters are discussed in more detail under “Item 1 — Business —
Government Regulation and Compliance” above.

          We believe that we are operating our business in substantial compliance with all existing
legal requirements material to us. There are, however, significant uncertainties regarding the
application of many of these legal requirements to our business, and state and federal law
enforcement agencies and regulatory agencies from time to time have initiated investigations or
litigation involving certain aspects of our business or our competitors’ businesses. Accordingly,
we cannot provide any assurance that one or more of these agencies will not interpret or apply
these laws in a manner adverse to our business, or, if there is an enforcement action brought
against us, that our interpretation would prevail. In addition, there are numerous proposed health
care laws and regulations at the federal and state levels, many of which could materially affect
our ability to conduct our business or adversely affect our financial results. We are unable to
predict what additional federal or state legislation or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in
the future relating to our business or the health care industry in general, or what effect any such
legislation or regulations might have on us. Due to these

17

Table of Contents

uncertainties, we may be required to spend significant resources in connection with such
investigations or litigation or to comply with new or existing laws and regulations.

          Various governmental agencies have conducted investigations into certain PBM business
practices. Many of these investigations have resulted in other PBMs agreeing to civil penalties,
including the payment of money and corporate integrity agreements. We cannot predict what effect,
if any, these investigations may ultimately have on us or on the PBM industry generally (see Part I
“Item 3—Legal Proceedings”).

          The State of Maine and the District of Columbia each have enacted statutes that purport to
declare that a PBM is a fiduciary with respect to its clients (see Part I “Item 1 — Business —
Government Regulations and Compliance — State Fiduciary Legislation”). Other states are
considering but have not yet enacted similar fiduciary statutes, and we cannot predict what effect,
if any, these and similar statutes, if enacted, may have on our business and financial results.

          Most of our activities involve the receipt or use of protected health information concerning
individuals. In addition, we use aggregated and anonymized data for research and analysis and
other permitted business purposes and in some cases provide access to data to pharmaceutical
manufacturers and third party data aggregators in accordance with applicable law. Various federal
and state laws, including HIPAA, regulate and restrict the use, disclosure and security of
protected health information and new legislation is proposed from time to time in various states.
To date, no such laws have been adopted that adversely impact our ability to provide services, but
there can be no assurance that federal or state governments will not enact legislation, impose
restrictions or adopt interpretations of existing laws that could have a material adverse effect on
our business and financial results.

Policies designed to manage health care costs or alter health care financing practices may
adversely impact our business and our financial results.

          Certain proposals are made from time to time in the United States to manage health care costs,
including prescription drug costs. These have included proposals such as “single-payer” government
funded health care, changes in reimbursement rates, restrictions on access or therapeutic
substitution, limits on more efficient delivery channels, taxes on goods and services, price
controls on prescription drugs, and other significant health care reform proposals. We are unable
to predict whether any such proposals will be enacted, or the specific terms thereof. Certain of
these proposals, however, if enacted, may adversely impact our business and our financial results.

          Further, the Health Reform Laws contain many provisions that directly or indirectly apply to
us, our clients, pharmaceutical manufacturers, health care providers and others with whom we do
business, including:

•

PBM disclosure requirements in the context of Medicare Part D and the anticipated health
benefit exchanges

•

creation of government-regulated health benefits exchanges and new requirements for health
plans offered by insurance companies, employers and other plan sponsors

•

medical loss ratio requirements, which require insurers to spend a specified percentage of
premium revenues on incurred claims or health care quality improvements

•

various health insurance taxes

•

changes to the calculation of average manufacturer price (“AMP”) of drugs and an increase
in the rebate amounts drug manufacturers must pay to states for drugs reimbursed by state
Medicaid programs, including through Medicaid managed care organizations

•

imposition of new fees on pharmaceutical manufacturers and importers of brand-name
prescription drugs

•

expansion of the 340B drug discount program, which limits the costs of certain outpatient
drugs to qualified health centers and hospitals

•

closing of the so-called donut hole under Medicare Part D by lowering beneficiary
coinsurance amounts

•

elimination of the tax deduction for employers who receive Medicare Part D retiree drug
subsidy payments

•

mandated changes to client plan designs

          In March 2010, the federal government enacted the Health Reform Laws, which will be gradually
phased in through 2020 (see Item 1 — Business — Government Regulation and Compliance — Federal
Healthcare Reform).

Regulatory or business changes relating to our participation in Medicare Part D, the loss of
Medicare Part D eligible members, or our failure to otherwise execute on our strategies related to
Medicare Part D, may adversely impact our business and our financial results.

          Our subsidiary ESIC offers a PDP in connection with the Medicare Part D program for purposes
of making employer/union-only group waiver plans available for eligible clients. We also provide
other products and services in

18

Table of Contents

support of our clients’ Medicare Part D plans or federal Retiree
Drug Subsidy. We have made, and may be required to make
further, substantial investments in the personnel and technology necessary to administer our
Medicare Part D strategy. There are many uncertainties about the financial and regulatory risks of
participating in the Medicare Part D program, and we can give no assurance that these risks will
not materially adversely impact our business and our financial results in future periods.

          We are subject to various contractual and regulatory compliance requirements associated with
participating in Medicare Part D. As an insurer organized and licensed under the laws of the State
of Arizona, ESIC is subject to state laws regulating the business of insurance in all jurisdictions
in which ESIC offers its PDP. As a PDP sponsor, ESIC is required to comply with federal Medicare
Part D laws and regulations applicable to PDP sponsors. Additionally, the receipt of federal funds
made available through the Part D program by us, our affiliates, or clients is subject to
compliance with the Part D regulations and established laws and regulations governing the federal
government’s payment for health care goods and services, including the Anti-Kickback Laws and the
False Claims Act. Similar to our requirements with other clients, our policies and practices
associated with operating our PDP are subject to audit. If material contractual or regulatory
non-compliance was to be identified, monetary penalties and/or applicable sanctions, including
suspension of enrollment and marketing or debarment from participation in Medicare programs, could
be imposed.

          In addition, due to the availability of Medicare Part D, some of our employer clients may
decide to stop providing pharmacy benefit coverage to retirees, instead allowing the retirees to
choose their own Part D plans, which could cause a reduction in utilization for our services.
Extensive competition among Medicare Part D plans could also result in the loss of Medicare members
by our managed care customers, which would also result in a decline in our membership base. Like
many aspects of our business, the administration of the Medicare Part D program is complex. Any
failure to execute the provisions of the Medicare Part D program may have an adverse effect on our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. As discussed above, in March 2010,
comprehensive health care reform was enacted into federal law through the passage of the Health
Reform Laws. Additionally, as described above, the Health Reform Laws contain various changes to
the Part D program and could have a financial impact on our PDP and our clients’ demand for our
other Part D products and services.

Our ability to conduct operations depends on the security and stability of our technology
infrastructure as well as the effectiveness of, and our ability to execute, business continuity
plans across our operations. A failure in the security of our technology infrastructure or a
significant disruption in service within our operations could materially adversely affect our
business, the results of our operations and financial position.

          We maintain, and are dependent on, a technology infrastructure platform that is essential for
many aspects of our business operations. It is imperative to securely store and transmit
confidential data, including personal health information, while maintaining the integrity of our
confidential information. We have designed our technology infrastructure platform to protect
against failures in security and service disruption. However, any failure to protect against a
security breach or a disruption in service could materially adversely impact our business
operations and our financial results. Our technology infrastructure platform requires an ongoing
commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance in order to keep pace with continuing
changes as well as evolving industry and regulatory standards. In addition, we may from time to
time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from
independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable to such third parties’ failure
to perform adequately. In the event we or our vendors experience malfunctions in business
processes, breaches of information systems, failure to maintain effective and up-to-date
information systems or unauthorized and non-compliant actions by any individual, this could disrupt
our business operations or impact patient safety, result in customer and member disputes, damage
our reputation, expose us to risk of loss, litigation or regulatory violations, increase
administrative expenses or lead to other adverse consequences.

          We operate dispensing pharmacies, call centers, data centers and corporate facilities that
depend on the security and stability of technology infrastructure. Any service disruption at any
of these facilities due to failure or disruption of technology, malfunction of business process,
disaster or catastrophic event could, temporarily or indefinitely, significantly reduce, or
partially or totally eliminate our ability to process and dispense prescriptions and provide
products and services to our clients and members. Any such service disruption at these facilities
could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and our financial results.

19

Table of Contents

We have historically engaged in strategic transactions, including the acquisition of other
companies or businesses, and will likely engage in similar transactions in the future. Our failure
to effectively execute on such transactions or to integrate any acquired businesses could adversely
impact our operating results, and any such transactions will likely cause us to incur significant
transaction costs and require significant resources and management attention.

          We have historically engaged in strategic transactions, including the acquisition of other
companies and businesses. These transactions typically involve the integration of core business
operations and technology infrastructure platforms that require significant management attention
and resources. A failure or delay in the integration process could have a material adverse affect
on our financial results. In addition, such transactions may yield higher operating costs,
customer attrition or business disruption than may have been anticipated. Further, even if we are
able to integrate the business operations successfully, there can be no assurance that such
transactions will result in the realization of the expected benefits of synergies, cost savings,
innovation and operational efficiencies, or that any realized benefits will be achieved within a
reasonable period of time.

          Strategic transactions, including the pursuit of such transactions, require us to incur
significant costs. These costs are typically non-recurring expenses related to the assessment, due
diligence, negotiation and execution of the transaction. We may incur additional costs to retain
key employees as well as transaction fees and costs related to executing integration plans.
Although we would generally expect the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of
businesses to offset incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over time, this net
benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.

If we lose our relationship with one or more key pharmacy providers, or our relationship is
modified in an unfavorable manner or if significant changes occur within the pharmacy provider
marketplace, our business could be impaired.

          More than 60,000 retail pharmacies, which represent more than 95% of all United States retail
pharmacies, participate in one or more of our networks. However, the top ten retail pharmacy
chains represent approximately 50% of the total number of stores in our largest network, and these
pharmacy chains represent even higher concentrations in certain areas of the United States. Our
contracts with retail pharmacies, which are non-exclusive, are generally terminable on relatively
short notice by either party. If one or more of the top pharmacy chains elects to terminate its
relationship with us, or attempts to renegotiate the terms of the relationship in a manner that is
unfavorable to us, our members’ access to retail pharmacies and our business could be materially
adversely affected. The continued growth of PBMs owned by the top pharmacy chains, or the
acquisition of significant PBM operations by such chains, could increase the likelihood of our
relationships with such pharmacy chains being adversely affected.

If we lose relationships with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the payments made
or discounts provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and financial results
could be adversely affected.

          We maintain contractual relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers that may
provide us with, among other things:

•

discounts for drugs we purchase to be dispensed from our home delivery pharmacies;

•

rebates based upon distributions of drugs from our home delivery pharmacies and through
pharmacies in our retail networks;

•

administrative fees for managing rebate programs, including the development and maintenance
of formularies which include the particular manufacturer’s products; and

•

access to limited distribution specialty pharmaceuticals.

          If several of these contractual relationships are terminated or materially altered by the
pharmaceutical manufacturers, our business and financial results could be materially adversely
affected. In addition, formulary fee programs have been the subject of debate in federal and state
legislatures and various other public and governmental forums. Changes in existing laws or
regulations or in interpretations of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or
regulations relating to any of these programs may materially adversely affect our business.

Changes in industry pricing benchmarks could materially impact our financial performance.

          Contracts in the prescription drug industry, including our contracts with retail pharmacy
networks and with PBM and specialty pharmacy clients, generally use “average wholesale price” or
“AWP”, which is published by third parties, as a benchmark to establish pricing for prescription
drugs. Recent events have raised uncertainties as to whether certain third parties will continue
to publish AWP, which may result in the inability of payors, pharmacy providers, PBMs and others in
the prescription drug industry to continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been calculated. In
the event that AWP is no

20

Table of Contents

longer published or if we adopt other pricing benchmarks for establishing prices within the
industry, we can give no assurance that the short or long-term impact of such changes to industry
pricing benchmarks will not have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results in
future periods.

          Legislation and other regulations affecting drug prices are discussed in more detail under
“Item 1 — Business — Government Regulation and Compliance — Legislation and Regulation Affecting
Drug Prices” above.

Pending and future litigation or other proceedings could subject us to significant monetary damages
or penalties and/or require us to change our business practices, either of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business operations and our financial results or condition.

          We are subject to risks relating to litigation, regulatory proceedings, and other similar
actions in connection with our business operations, including the dispensing of pharmaceutical
products by our home delivery pharmacies, services rendered in connection with our disease
management offering, and our pharmaceutical services operations. A list of the significant
proceedings pending against us is included under “Item 3—Legal Proceedings,” including certain
proceedings that purport to be class action lawsuits. These proceedings seek unspecified monetary
damages and/or injunctive relief. While we believe these proceedings are without merit and intend
to contest them vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome of any such proceeding.
If one or more of these proceedings has an unfavorable outcome, we cannot provide any assurance
that it would not have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results, including
our ability to attract and retain clients as a result of the negative reputational impact of such
an outcome. Further, while certain costs are covered by insurance, we are incurring uninsured
costs that are material to our financial performance in the defense of such proceedings.

          Commercial liability insurance coverage continues to be difficult to obtain for companies in
our business sector which can cause unexpected volatility in premiums and/or retention requirements
dictated by insurance carriers. We have established certain self-insurance accruals to cover
anticipated losses within our retained liability for previously reported claims and the cost to
defend these claims. There can be no assurance that general, professional, managed care errors and
omissions, and/or other liability insurance coverage will be reasonably available in the future or
such insurance coverage, together with our self-insurance accruals, will be adequate to cover
future claims. A claim, or claims, in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material
adverse effect on our business and financial results.

A substantial portion of our revenue is concentrated in certain significant client contracts. Our
failure to execute on, or other issues arising under, the contracts could adversely affect our
financial results. Further, conditions or trends impacting certain of our key clients could result
in a negative impact on our financial performance.

          As described in greater detail in the discussion of our business in Item 1 above, we have long
term contracts with WellPoint, Inc. (“WellPoint”) and the United States Department of Defense
(“DoD”). Although none of our clients individually represented more than 10% of our revenues in
2009, our top 5 clients, including WellPoint and DoD, collectively represented 55.2% of our revenue
during 2010. If one or more of our large clients terminate or do not renew contracts for any
reason, our financial results could be materially adversely affected and we could experience a
negative reaction in the investment community resulting in stock price declines or other adverse
effects.

          Under our current agreement we are providing pharmacy benefit services to WellPoint through
December 31, 2019. Our agreement with the DoD consists of an initial one-year contract and five
one-year renewal options, with the final option expiring on October 31, 2014.

          In addition, if certain of our key clients are negatively impacted by business conditions or
other trends, or if such clients otherwise fail to successfully maintain or grow their business,
our business and financial results could be adversely impacted.

Our debt service obligations reduce the funds available for other business purposes, and the terms
and covenants relating to our indebtedness could adversely impact our financial performance and
liquidity.

          As described in greater detail in the discussion of our business in Item 7 below, we have $2.5
billion of senior notes (“senior notes”) outstanding as of December 31, 2010 and a $750.0 million
revolving credit facility (“revolving credit facility”), none of which was outstanding at December
31, 2010. Our debt service obligations for the senior notes and the revolving credit facility
reduce the funds available for other business purposes. The senior notes require us to pay
interest semi-annually on June 15 and December 15 at a fixed rate of interest. The revolving
credit facility requires us to pay interest periodically at a variable rate of interest. Increases
in interest rates on variable rate indebtedness would increase

21

Table of Contents

our interest expense and could
materially adversely affect our financial results. As of December 31, 2010, we had no outstanding
indebtedness impacted by variable interest rates.

          We are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, such as the insufficiency of
cash flow to meet required debt service payment obligations and the inability to refinance existing
indebtedness. In addition, the senior notes and revolving credit agreement contain covenants which
limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, and engage in
mergers, consolidations, or disposals. The covenants under the revolving credit facility also
include a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. If we fail to satisfy these
covenants, we would be in default under the revolving credit facility and/or the senior notes
indentures, and may be required to repay such debt with capital from other sources or not be able
to draw down against our revolving credit facility. Under such circumstances, other sources of
capital may not be available to us, or be available only on unattractive terms. See Note 8 —
Financing to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Further, managing
succession and retention for our Chief Executive Officer and other key executives is critical to
our success, and our failure to do so could have an adverse impact on our future performance.

          We believe that our ability to retain an experienced workforce and our ability to hire
additional qualified employees is essential to meet current and future goals and objectives. There
is no guarantee that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that competition among
potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. An inability to retain existing
employees or attract additional employees could have a material adverse effect on our business
operations and our financial results.

          We would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our Chief
Executive Officer, senior management and other key employees. While we have succession plans in
place and we have employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee that
the services of these executives will continue to be available to us.