General Risk Factors

State
and Federal regulations could restrict our ability to conduct business.

          Numerous state and federal laws and regulations affect our business and operations. The
categories include, but are not necessarily limited to:

•

health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, which prohibit certain types of payments
and referrals as well as false claims made in connection with health benefit programs

•

ERISA and related regulations, which regulate many health care plans

•

state legislation regulating PBMs or imposing fiduciary status on PBMs

•

consumer protection and unfair trade practice laws and regulations

•

network pharmacy access laws, including “any willing provider” and “due process”
legislation, that affect aspects of our pharmacy network contracts

•

wholesale distributor laws, including pedigree paper laws

•

legislation imposing benefit plan design restrictions, which limit how our clients can
design their drug benefit plans

•

various licensure laws, such as managed care and third party administrator licensure laws

•

drug pricing legislation, including “most favored nation” pricing and “unitary pricing”
legislation

•

pharmacy laws and regulations

•

privacy and confidentiality laws and regulations, including those under HIPAA

•

the Medicare prescription drug coverage law

•

other Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement regulations

•

the Prescription Drug Marketing Act

•

potential regulation of the PBM industry by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration

•

pending legislation regarding importation of drug products into the United States

•

state laws regulating the business of insurance

16

Table of Contents

          These and other regulatory matters are discussed in more detail under “Item 1 — Business —
Government Regulation and Compliance” above.

          We believe that we are operating our business in substantial compliance with all existing
legal requirements material to us. There are, however, significant uncertainties regarding the
application of many of these legal requirements to our business, and state and federal law
enforcement agencies and regulatory agencies from time to time have initiated investigations or
litigation that involve certain aspects of our business or our competitors’ businesses.
Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that one or more of these agencies will not interpret
or apply these laws in a manner adverse to our business, or, if there is an enforcement action
brought against us, that our interpretation would prevail. In addition, there are numerous
proposed health care laws and regulations at the federal and state levels, many of which could
materially affect our ability to conduct our business or adversely affect our financial results.
We are unable to predict what additional federal or state legislation or regulatory initiatives may
be enacted in the future relating to our business or the health care industry in general, or what
effect any such legislation or regulations might have on us.

          Various governmental agencies have conducted investigations into certain PBM business
practices. Many of these
investigations have resulted in other PBMs agreeing to civil penalties, including the payment
of money and corporate integrity agreements. We cannot predict what effect, if any, these
investigations may ultimately have on us or on the PBM industry generally (see Part I “Item
3—Legal Proceedings”).

          The State of Maine and the District of Columbia each have enacted statutes that purport to
declare that a PBM is a fiduciary with respect to its clients. Our trade association, PCMA, filed
suit in Federal District Courts in Maine and the District of Columbia alleging, among other things,
that these statutes are preempted by ERISA with respect to welfare plans that are subject to ERISA.
The Federal District Court in Maine ruled the statute valid, and the First Circuit Court of
Appeals affirmed. The PCMA received a favorable ruling in the case, challenging the D.C. statute;
however, this matter is currently on appeal. Other states are considering but have not yet enacted
similar fiduciary statutes, and we cannot predict what effect, if any, these and similar statutes
may have on our business and financial results.

          Most of our activities involve the receipt or use of confidential medical information
concerning individuals. In addition, we use aggregated and anonymized data for research and
analysis purposes and in some cases provide access to such data to pharmaceutical manufacturers.
Various federal and state laws, including HIPAA, regulate and restrict the use, disclosure and
security of confidential medical information and new legislation is proposed from time to time in
various states. To date, no such laws have been adopted that adversely impact our ability to provide
services, but there can be no assurance that federal or state governments will not enact
legislation, impose restrictions or adopt interpretations of existing laws that could have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

          Our
subsidiary ESIC offers a prescription drug plan (“PDP”) in
connection with the Medicare Part D program for purposes of making employer/union-only group waiver
plans (known as “EGWP” plans) available for applicable clients. As a licensed insurer organized
and licensed under the laws of the State of Arizona, ESIC is subject to federal and state laws
regulating the business of insurance in all jurisdictions in which ESIC offers its PDP. As a PDP
sponsor, ESIC is subject to compliance with all federal laws and regulations applicable to
such sponsors as a result of the MMA and the regulations promulgated in connection with
implementation of the Medicare Part D drug benefit. While many state insurance laws and
regulations are well-established, CMS continues to provide guidance and promulgate new regulations
in an attempt to assist PDPs and state regulators to determine the appropriate applicability of
state insurance laws in the context of the federal Part D drug benefit provided through an EGWP
plan. Uncertainty as to the applicability of federal and state laws to ESIC’s operations could
have an impact on our ability to successfully offer products and services under the Part D drug
benefit and our ability to comply with applicable laws in doing so.

Our indebtedness following the completion of the NextRx acquisition financing is substantial and
will effectively reduce the amount of funds available for other business purposes.

          We incurred $2.5 billion of indebtedness in connection with the acquisition. Interest costs
related to this debt will be substantial. Our increased level of indebtedness could reduce funds
available for additional acquisitions or other business purposes, restrict our financial and
operating flexibility or create competitive disadvantages compared to other companies with lower
debt levels.

17

Table of Contents

The anticipated benefits of the NextRx acquisition and new PBM Agreement may not be realized fully
and may take longer to realize than expected.

          The acquisition involves the integration of the PBM Business with our existing platform. We
will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the PBM
Business. We may also experience difficulties in combining corporate cultures. Delays in the
integration process could adversely affect our business, financial results and financial condition.
Even if we are able to integrate the PBM Business operations successfully, there can be no
assurance that this integration will result in the realization of the full benefits of synergies,
cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies that may be possible or that these benefits
will be achieved within a reasonable period of time.

 We may incur significant transaction and acquisition-related costs in connection with the NextRx acquisition.

          We have incurred significant costs, and expect to incur additional costs in the future, in
connection with the integration process of the NextRx acquisition. The substantial majority of
these costs are non-recurring expenses related to this acquisition, facilities and systems
consolidation costs. We may incur additional costs to maintain employee morale and to retain key
employees as well as transaction fees and costs related to
executing integration plans.
Additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the PBM Business. Although
we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other
efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to more than offset
incremental transaction and acquisition-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be
achieved in the near term, or at all.

 The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the NextRx acquisition.

          The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the NextRx acquisition if,
among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected growth in earnings, or if the operational
cost savings estimates in connection with the integration of the PBM Business are not realized, or
if the transaction costs related to the acquisition are greater than expected, or if the value of
the election under Section 338(h)(10) of the Internal Revenue Code is less than anticipated. The
market price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the acquisition as
rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the
acquisition on our financial results is not consistent with the expectations of financial or
industry analysts.

We are dependent on WellPoint for certain transitional services pursuant to a transition services
agreement. The failure of WellPoint to perform its obligations under the transition services
agreement could adversely affect our business, financial results and financial condition.

          Our ability to effectively monitor and control the operations of the PBM Business that we
acquired depends to a large extent on the proper functioning of our information technology and
business support systems. We are currently dependent upon WellPoint to continue to provide certain
information technology services, human resources services, existing procurement vendor services,
finance services, real estate services and print mail services for a period of time to facilitate
the transition of the PBM Business. The terms of these arrangements are governed by a transition
services agreement entered into as of the closing of the acquisition. If WellPoint fails to perform
its obligations under the transition services agreement, we may not be able to perform such
services ourselves or obtain such services from third parties at all or on terms favorable to us.
In addition, upon termination of the transition services agreement, if we are unable to develop the
 systems, resources and controls necessary to allow us to provide the services currently
being provided by WellPoint or to obtain such services from third parties, it could adversely
affect our business, financial results and financial condition.

Pending and future litigation could subject us to significant monetary damages and/or require us
to change our business practices.

          We are subject to risks relating to litigation, regulatory proceedings, and other similar
actions in connection with our PBM operations, including the dispensing of pharmaceutical products
by our home delivery pharmacies, and the services rendered in connection with our disease
management and our pharmaceutical services operations. A list of a number of the more significant
proceedings pending against us is included under “Item 3—Legal Proceedings.” These proceedings
generally seek unspecified monetary damages and injunctive relief on behalf of a class of
plaintiffs that are either clients or individual members of health plans. While we believe these
suits and proceedings are without merit and intend to contest them vigorously, we can give no
assurance that an adverse outcome in one or more of these suits or proceedings would not have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial results, including our ability to attract and
retain clients as a result of the negative reputational impact of such an outcome.

          We and/or our subsidiaries are defendants in a number of lawsuits that purport to be class
actions, as described in “Item 3—Legal Proceedings.” We cannot predict with certainty what the
result of any such inquiry might be. In addition to potential monetary liability arising from
these suits and proceedings, we are incurring costs in the defense of the suits and in providing
documents to government agencies. Certain of the costs are covered by our insurance, but certain
other costs are not insured. Such costs have become material to our financial performance and we
can give no assurance that such costs will not increase in the future.

18

Table of Contents

          Commercial liability insurance coverage continues to be difficult to obtain for companies in
our business sector which can cause unexpected volatility in premiums and/or retention requirements
dictated by insurance carriers. We have established certain self-insurance reserves to cover
anticipated losses within our retained liability for previously reported claims and the cost to
defend these claims. There can be no assurance general, professional, managed care errors and
omissions, and/or other liability insurance coverage will be reasonably available in the future or
such insurance coverage, together with our self-insurance reserves, will be adequate to cover
future claims. A claim, or claims, in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material
adverse effect on our business and financial results.

If we lose our relationship with one or more key pharmacy providers, or our relationship is
modified in an unfavorable manner, our business could be impaired.

          Approximately 60,000 retail pharmacies, which represent more than 95% of all United States
retail pharmacies, participate in one or more of our networks. However, the top ten retail
pharmacy chains represent approximately 50% of the total number of stores in our largest network,
and these pharmacy chains represent even higher concentrations in certain areas of the United
States. Our contracts with retail pharmacies, which are non-exclusive, are generally terminable on
relatively short notice by either party. If one or more of the top pharmacy chains elects to
terminate its relationship with us, or attempts to renegotiate the terms of the relationship in a
manner that is unfavorable to us, our members’ access to retail pharmacies and our business could
be materially adversely affected. The continued growth of PBMs owned by the top pharmacy chains,
or the acquisition of significant PBM operations by such chains, could increase the likelihood of
our relationships with such pharmacy chains being adversely affected.

We operate in a very competitive industry, and competition could compress our margins, and impair
our ability to attract and retain clients.

          Our ability to maintain growth rates is dependent upon our ability to attract new clients and
retain existing clients, as well as cross-sell additional services to existing clients. We operate
in a very competitive environment. Our contracts with clients generally do not have terms longer
than three years and, in some cases, are terminable by the client on relatively short notice. This
competition may make it difficult for us to retain existing clients, sell to new clients and
cross-sell additional services to clients, which could materially adversely affect our business and
financial results.

          Over the last several years, competition in the marketplace has also caused many PBMs,
including us, to reduce the prices charged to clients for core services and share a larger portion
of the formulary fees and related revenues received from pharmaceutical manufacturers with clients.
This combination of lower pricing and increased revenue sharing, as well as increased demand for
enhanced service offerings and higher service levels, has put pressure on operating margins. This
pressure may continue, and we can give no assurance new services provided to clients will fully
compensate for these reduced margins.

          In a highly competitive marketplace such as the PBM industry, a competitors’ service offering
and reputation within the industry can have a substantial impact on its ability to attract and
retain clients. As a result, the reputational impact of a service-related event which is perceived
as negative within the marketplace could materially adversely affect our business and financial
results.

          We believe the managed care industry is undergoing substantial consolidation. If another party
that is not our client acquired some of our managed care or other clients, the likelihood such
client would renew its contract with us, as opposed to one of our competitors, could be reduced.

 Changes
in industry pricing benchmarks could materially impact our financial performance.

          Contracts in the prescription drug industry, including our contracts with retail pharmacy
networks and with PBM and specialty pharmacy clients, generally use certain published benchmarks to
establish pricing for prescription drugs. These benchmarks include AWP, AMP and wholesale
acquisition cost. Most of our client contracts utilize the AWP standard. Recent events have
raised uncertainties as to whether payors, pharmacy providers, PBMs and others in the prescription
drug industry will continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been calculated or whether other
pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the industry.

          Due to these and other uncertainties, we can give no assurance that the short or long-term
impact of changes to industry pricing benchmarks will not have a material adverse effect on our
business and financial results in future periods. Our various projections, including earnings
guidance for 2010, contemplate what we have estimated to be the most probable impact resulting from
the short or long-term impact of changes to industry pricing benchmarks. Actual results may be
materially less favorable or materially more favorable than those estimated in formulating such
projections.

19

Table of Contents

 Medicare
Part D may adversely impact our business.

          In connection with the enactment of the MMA, CMS promulgated a substantial volume of new
regulations implementing the federal government’s Voluntary Prescription Drug Benefit Program,
known as Medicare “Part D.” The Office of Inspector General has also proposed new safe harbors and
other regulations pursuant to the MMA. Both of these federal regulatory agencies continue to issue
guidance with regard to the Part D program and compliance with related federal laws and regulations
by Part D sponsors and their subcontractors. The receipt of federal funds made available through
this program by us, our affiliates, or clients may be subject to compliance with these new
regulations as well as the established laws and regulations governing the federal government’s
payment for health care goods and services, including the Anti-Kickback Laws, and
the False Claims Act. There are many uncertainties about the financial and regulatory risks of
participating in the Medicare Part D program, and we can give no assurance that these risks will
not be material to our business in future periods.

          In addition, due to the implementation of Medicare Part D, some of our employer clients may
decide to stop providing pharmacy benefit coverage to retirees, instead allowing the retirees to
choose their own Part D plans, which could
result in us losing members. Extensive competition among Medicare Part D plans could also
result in the loss of Medicare members by our managed care customers, which would also result in a
decline in our membership base.

If we lose relationships with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers or if the payments made
or discounts provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and financial results
could be adversely affected.

          We maintain contractual relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers that may
provide us with, among other things:

•

discounts for drugs we purchase to be dispensed from our home delivery pharmacies;

•

rebates based upon distributions of drugs from our home delivery pharmacies and through
pharmacies in our retail networks;

•

administrative fees for managing rebate programs, including the development and maintenance
of formularies which include the particular manufacturer’s products; and

•

access to limited distribution specialty pharmaceuticals.

          If several of these contractual relationships are terminated or materially altered by the
pharmaceutical manufacturers, our business and financial results could be materially adversely
affected. In addition, formulary fee programs have been the subject of debate in federal and state
legislatures and various other public and governmental forums. Changes in existing laws or
regulations or in interpretations of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or
regulations relating to any of these programs may materially adversely affect our business.

Efforts to reduce health care costs and alter health care financing practices could adversely
affect our business.

          Certain proposals have been made in the United States to control health care costs, including
prescription drug costs, in response to increases in prescription drug utilization rates and drug
prices. These proposals include “single-payer” government funded health care, and price controls
on prescription drugs. If these or similar efforts are successful or if prescription drug
utilization rates were to decrease significantly, whether due to a reversal in the growing role of
prescription drugs in medical treatment or otherwise, our business and consolidated results of
operations could be materially adversely affected.

          We have designed our business model to compete within the current structure of the United
States health care system. Changing political, economic and regulatory influences may affect
health care financing and reimbursement practices. If the current health care financing and
reimbursement system changes significantly, our business could be materially adversely affected.
Congress periodically considers proposals to reform the United States health care system. These
proposals may increase government involvement in health care and regulation of PBM services, or
otherwise change the way our clients do business. Health plan sponsors may react to these
proposals and the uncertainty surrounding them by reducing or delaying purchases of cost control
mechanisms and related services that we provide. We cannot predict what effect, if any, these
proposals may have on our business. Other legislative or market-driven changes in the health care
system we cannot anticipate could also materially adversely affect our business and financial
results.