There are
numerous factors that affect our business and our operating results, many of which are beyond our
control. The following is a description of significant factors that might cause our
future operating results to differ materially from those currently expected.
The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and
uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.

THE SUCCESS OF OUR BUSINESS
WILL DEPEND ON THE LEVEL OF ACTIVITY IN THE OIL AND NATURAL GAS INDUSTRY, WHICH IS
SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECTED BY VOLATILE OIL AND GAS PRICES.

       The success of our
business will largely depend on the level of activity in offshore oil and natural gas exploration, development and
production in markets worldwide. Oil and natural gas prices, and market expectations of potential changes in these prices,
significantly affect the level of drilling activity. An actual decline,
or the perceived risk of a decline, in oil or natural gas prices could cause oil and gas
companies to reduce their overall level of spending, in which case demand for our equipment and services may decrease and
revenues may be adversely affected through lower rig utilization and lower average day rates. Worldwide military, political,
environmental and economic events also contribute to oil and natural gas price volatility. Numerous other
factors may affect oil and natural gas prices and the level of demand for our services, including: 

•

demand for oil and gas,

•

the ability of OPEC
to set and maintain production levels and pricing,

•

the level of production by non-OPEC countries,

•

domestic and international tax policy,

•

laws and governmental regulations that restrict exploration and development of oil
and natural gas in various jurisdictions,

•

advances in exploration and development technology,

•

disruption to exploration and development activities due to
hurricanes and other severe weather conditions, and

•

the worldwide military or political environment,
including uncertainty or instability resulting from an escalation or additional
outbreak of armed hostilities or other crises in oil or natural gas producing areas of the Middle East or geographic areas
in which we operate, or acts of terrorism.

THE OFFSHORE CONTRACT DRILLING INDUSTRY
IS CYCLICAL, WITH PERIODS OF LOW DEMAND AND EXCESS RIG AVAILABILITY THAT COULD RESULT IN
ADVERSE EFFECTS ON OUR BUSINESS.

       Financial operating results in the offshore
contract drilling industry have historically been very cyclical and primarily are related to the demand
for drilling rigs and the available supply of rigs. Demand for rigs is directly related to the regional
and worldwide levels of offshore exploration and development spending by oil and gas companies, which is
beyond our control. Offshore exploration and development spending may fluctuate substantially from year
to year and from region to region.

       The supply of drilling rigs is limited and new
rigs require a substantial capital investment and a long period of time to construct. There
are approximately one hundred new jackup and semisubmersible rigs reported to be on order for delivery
by the end of 2010. There are no assurances that the market will be able to fully absorb the supply of
new rigs in future periods.

12

Table of Contents

       It is time consuming to move offshore rigs between
geographic areas. Accordingly, as demand changes in a particular market, the supply of rigs may not
adjust quickly, and therefore the utilization and day rates of rigs could fluctuate significantly.
Certain events, such as limited availability of insurance for certain perils in some geographical areas,
rig loss or damage due to hurricanes, blowouts, craterings, punchthroughs, and other operational events
may impact the supply of rigs in a particular market and cause rapid fluctuations in rig demand,
utilization and day rates.

       Periods of decreased demand and excess rig
supply may require us to idle rigs or to enter into lower rate contracts or contracts with less
favorable terms. There can be no assurance that the current demand for drilling rigs will not decline in
future periods, nor can there be any assurance concerning any adverse effect resulting from such
decrease in activity.

EXCESS RIG AVAILABILITY RESULTING FROM THE
DELIVERY OF NEW DRILLING UNITS COULD RESULT IN ADVERSE EFFECTS ON OUR BUSINESS.

       During prior periods of high utilization and day
rates, drilling companies have increased the supply of rigs by ordering construction of new units. On
prior occasions, this has resulted in an oversupply of drilling units and has caused a subsequent
decline in utilization and day rates, sometimes for extended periods of time. There are
approximately one hundred new jackup and semisubmersible rigs reported to be on order for
construction with delivery dates ranging from 2007 through 2010.The completion of these new
drilling rigs will increase supply and could reduce day rates or utilization as a result of softening of
the affected markets as rigs are absorbed into the active fleet. Any further increase in construction of
new drilling units would likely exacerbate the potential negative impact on utilization and day rates.
Lower utilization and day rates in one or more of the regions in which we operate could adversely affect
our revenues, utilization and profitability.

FAILURE TO OBTAIN AND RETAIN SKILLED PERSONNEL COULD IMPEDE OUR OPERATIONS.

       We require skilled personnel to operate
our drilling rigs and to provide technical services and support for our business. Competition for
skilled and other labor has intensified as additional rigs are activated or are added to the worldwide fleet.
Furthermore, there are approximately one hundred new
jackup and semisubmersible rigs reported to be on order for delivery by the end of 2010, all of
which will require new skilled and other personnel to operate. In periods of high
utilization, such as the current period, it is more difficult to recruit and retain qualified
individuals. Although competition for skilled and other labor has not materially affected us to date,
competition for such personnel could increase our future operating expenses, with a
resulting reduction in net income, or impact our ability to fully staff and operate our rigs.

       We have experienced a tightening in our labor markets
within the last year and recently sustained an increase in turnover rates due largely to
the loss of experienced personnel to our customers, competitors and other businesses involved in oil and
gas exploration activities. In response to these market conditions, we have increased compensation and
have incurred other costs to retain our workforce, including a retention program for
certain personnel. If these labor trends continue, they could further increase our costs or limit our
ability to fully staff and operate our rigs.

13

Table of Contents

THE OFFSHORE CONTRACT DRILLING INDUSTRY IS HIGHLY COMPETITIVE
WHICH COULD LEAD US TO ACCEPT LOWER DAY RATES AND LESS FAVORABLE CONTRACT
TERMS DURING INDUSTRY DOWNTURNS.

       The offshore contract
drilling industry is highly competitive with numerous industry participants. The industry has experienced
consolidation in recent years and may experience additional consolidation. Furthermore, recent mergers among oil and natural gas
exploration and production companies have reduced the number of available customers.

       Drilling contracts are,
for the most part, awarded on a competitive bid basis. Price competition is often the primary factor in
determining which contractor is awarded a contract, although quality of service, operational and safety performance,
equipment suitability and availability, reputation and technical expertise are also factors. We compete with numerous
offshore drilling contractors, several of which are larger and have greater resources than us.

       During good industry
market cycles we experience higher utilization, receive relatively high average day rates and
generally are able to negotiate more favorable contract terms. During adverse industry market cycles,
we compete more aggressively
for contracts at lower day rates and may have to accept contractual liability and indemnity provisions that
provide a lower level of protection
against potential losses.
Lower day rates and/or utilization will adversely affect our operating results.
Increased contractual liability exposure may also have an adverse
effect on operating results because of uninsured or underinsured risks,
or in relation to increased cost of insurance.

WE MAY SUFFER LOSSES IF OUR CUSTOMERS TERMINATE
OR SEEK TO RENEGOTIATE OUR CONTRACTS.

       Our drilling
contracts often are cancelable upon specific notice by the customer. Although contracts may require the
customer to pay an early termination payment upon cancellation, such payment may not fully compensate for the loss of the contract.
In periods of rapid market downturn, our customers may not honor the terms of existing contracts, may terminate contracts
or may seek to renegotiate contract rates and terms to conform with depressed market conditions. Furthermore, contracts customarily
specify automatic termination or termination at the option of the customer in the event of a total loss of the drilling rig and often
include provisions addressing termination rights or cessation of day rates if operations are suspended for extended periods by reason
of excessive downtime for repairs, acts of God or other specified conditions. Our operating results may be adversely
affected by early termination of contracts, contract renegotiations or cessation of day rates while operations are suspended.

14

Table of Contents

OUR BUSINESS MAY BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF CERTAIN
CUSTOMERS CEASE TO DO BUSINESS WITH US.

       We provide our
services to major international, government-owned and independent oil and gas companies. However, the number of our potential
customers has decreased in recent years as a result of mergers among the major international oil companies
and large independent oil companies.
Although no customer represented more than 10% of revenues in 2006, our five largest customers
accounted for approximately 42% of consolidated revenues in the aggregate.
Our operating results may be materially adversely
affected if any major customer terminates its contracts with us, fails to renew its
existing contracts with us, or declines to
award new contracts to us.

WE HAVE INCREASED OUR LEVEL OF SELF-INSURANCE
FOR GULF OF MEXICO HURRICANE RELATED WINDSTORM DAMAGE COVERAGE WHICH EXPOSES US TO ADDITIONAL RISK AND
CAUSES US TO ALTER OUR OPERATING PROCEDURES DURING HURRICANE SEASON WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR
BUSINESS.

       Certain
areas in and near the Gulf of Mexico experience hurricanes and other extreme weather conditions on a
relatively frequent basis. Some of our drilling rigs in the Gulf Coast Region are located in areas that
could cause them to be susceptible to damage and/or total loss by these storms and we have a larger
concentration of rigs in the Gulf Coast Region than most of our competitors. Damage caused by high winds
and turbulent seas could potentially result in loss of rigs or could cause us to curtail operations on
damaged drilling rigs for significant periods of time until damage can be repaired. Moreover, even if
our drilling rigs are not directly damaged by such storms, we may experience disruptions in our
operations due to damage to our customers' platforms and other related facilities in the area. To date,
our drilling operations in the Gulf of Mexico have not been materially impacted by hurricanes, although
we sustained the total loss of one jackup rig in 2004 and one platform rig in 2005 by reason of
hurricane damage. We currently have 15 jackup rigs and one ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rig in the Gulf of Mexico.

       Insurance
companies incurred substantial losses in the offshore drilling, exploration and production industries as
a consequence of hurricanes that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico during 2005 and 2004. Accordingly,
insurance companies have substantially reduced the levels of insurance coverage available for losses
arising from Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm damage and have dramatically increased the cost
of such coverage. Upon renewal of our annual insurance policies effective July 1, 2006, we obtained
$100.0 million of annual aggregate coverage for hull and machinery losses arising from Gulf of Mexico
hurricane related windstorm damage with a $50.0 million per occurrence deductible. This amount of
coverage is significantly less than in prior years. The change in our insurance coverage exposes us
to additional risk due to rig damage or loss related to severe weather conditions caused by Gulf of
Mexico hurricanes or windstorms and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
operating results and cash flows. Our current insurance policies maintain liability coverage for Gulf of Mexico hurricane
related windstorm exposures, including removal of wreckage and debris, at the same level as in the prior
year, albeit at a substantial increased cost.

       We
have implemented new operational procedures designed to mitigate risk to our jackup rigs in the
Gulf of Mexico during hurricane season. In addition to procedures designed to better secure the drilling
package on jackup rigs, improve jackup leg stability and increase the air gap to position the hull above
waves, the new procedures involve analysis of prospective drilling locations, which may include enhanced
bottom surveys. Implementation of these procedures may result in a decision to decline to operate on a
customer designated location during hurricane season notwithstanding that the location, water depth and
other standard operating conditions are within a rig's normal operating range. Implementation of our new
procedures and associated regulatory requirements addressing Mobile Offshore Drilling Unit operations in
the Gulf of Mexico during hurricane season may result in a loss or reduction of work for our rigs at
certain customer drilling locations, with consequential reduction in rig utilization or day rates in the
Gulf of Mexico.

15

Table of Contents

OUR BUSINESS INVOLVES NUMEROUS OPERATING HAZARDS
AND WE ARE NOT FULLY INSURED AGAINST ALL OF THESE HAZARDS.

       Contract drilling
and offshore oil and gas operations in general are subject to numerous risks, including the following: 

•

rig or other property damage or loss resulting
from hurricanes and other severe weather conditions, collisions, groundings, blowouts, fires, explosions
and other accidents or terrorism,

•

blowouts, fires, explosions and other loss of
well control events causing damage to wells, reservoirs, production facilities and other properties and
which may require wild well control, including drilling of relief wells,

•

craterings, punchthroughs or other events
causing rigs to capsize, sink or otherwise incur significant damage,

•

extensive uncontrolled fires, blowouts, oil
spills or other discharges of pollutants causing damage to the environment,

•

machinery breakdowns, equipment failures,
personnel shortages, failure of subcontractors and vendors to perform or supply goods and services and
other events causing the suspension or cancellation of drilling operations, and

•

unionization or similar collective actions by
our employees or employees of subcontractors causing
suspension of drilling operations or
significant increases in operating costs.

       In addition, many of the hazards and risks
associated with our operations, and accidents or other events resulting from such hazards and risks,
expose our personnel, as well as personnel of our customers, subcontractors, vendors and other third
parties, to risk of personal injury or death.

       Although
we currently maintain broad insurance coverage, subject to certain significant deductibles and levels of
self-insurance or risk retention, it does not cover all types of losses and, in some situations such as
rig loss or damage resulting from Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm exposures, may not
provide full coverage of losses or liabilities resulting from our operations.
Except for windstorm coverage on our Gulf of Mexico rigs subsequent to July 1, 2006, which was
placed on a limited basis,
we have historically
maintained insurance coverage for damage to or loss of our drilling rigs in amounts not less than the estimated
fair market value thereof. However, in the event of total loss, such coverage is unlikely to be
sufficient to recover the cost of a newly constructed replacement rig. We do not maintain
business interruption or loss of hire insurance.

16

Table of Contents

       We generally obtain contractual indemnification from our
customers whereby such customers generally agree to protect and indemnify us for liabilities resulting
from pollution and damage to the environment, damage to wells, reservoirs and other customer property,
control of wild wells, drilling of relief wells and certain personnel injuries. The inability to obtain
such indemnification, the failure of a customer to meet indemnification obligations, the failure of one
or more of our insurance providers to meet claim obligations, or losses or liabilities resulting from
uninsured or underinsured events could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results
and cash flows.

       Our contracts generally protect us from certain
losses sustained as a result of our negligence. However, losses resulting from contracts that do not
contain such protection could have a material adverse affect on our financial position, operating results
and cash flows. Losses resulting from our gross negligence or willful misconduct may not be
protected contractually by specific provision or by application of law, and our insurance may not
provide adequate protection for such losses.

       The cost of many of the types of
insurance coverage maintained by us has increased significantly during recent years. In addition,
insurance market conditions have resulted in retention of additional risk by us, primarily through
higher insurance deductibles. Very few insurance underwriters offer certain types of insurance coverage
we maintain, and there can be no assurance that any particular type of insurance coverage will
continue to be available in the future, that we will not accept retention of additional risk through
higher insurance deductibles, self-insurance risk retention or otherwise, or that we will be able to
purchase our desired level of insurance coverage at commercially feasible rates.

       Insurance
companies incurred substantial losses in the offshore drilling, exploration and production industries as
a consequence of hurricanes that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico during 2005 and 2004. Accordingly,
insurance companies have substantially reduced the levels of insurance coverage available for losses
arising from Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm damage and have dramatically increased the cost
of such coverage. Upon renewal of our annual insurance policies effective July 1, 2006, we obtained
$100.0 million of annual aggregate coverage for our hull and machinery losses arising from Gulf of
Mexico hurricane related windstorm damage with a $50.0 million per occurrence deductible. This amount of
coverage is significantly less than in prior years. The change in our insurance coverage exposes us
to additional risk due to rig damage or loss related to severe weather conditions caused by Gulf of
Mexico hurricanes or windstorms and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
operating results and cash flows. Our current insurance policies maintain liability coverage for Gulf of Mexico hurricane
related windstorm exposures, including removal of wreckage and debris, at the same level as in the prior
year, albeit at a substantial increased cost.

17

Table of Contents

OUR INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS INVOLVE ADDITIONAL
RISKS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH DOMESTIC OPERATIONS.

       A significant portion of our
contract drilling operations are conducted in countries outside the U.S. Revenues from international
operations as a percentage of our total revenues were 61% and 60% in 2006 and 2005, respectively. Our
international operations and our international shipyard rig construction and enhancement projects
are subject to political, economic and other uncertainties, such as the risks of: 

•

terrorist acts, war and civil disturbances,

•

expropriation, nationalization or deprivation of our equipment,

•

expropriation or nationalization
of a customer's property or drilling rights,

•

repudiation of contracts,

•

assaults on property or personnel,

•

exchange restrictions,

•

currency fluctuations,

•

taxation,

•

limitations on the ability
to repatriate income or capital to the United
States,

•

changing local and international political conditions, and

•

international and domestic monetary policies.

18

Table of Contents

       We have
historically maintained insurance coverage and obtained contractual indemnities that protect us from some, but not all, of the
risks associated with our non-U.S. operations. However, there can be no assurance that any particular type of contractual or insurance coverage will
be available in the future or that we will be able to purchase our desired level of insurance coverage at commercially
feasible rates. Accordingly, a significant event for which we are uninsured or underinsured,
or for which we fail
to receive a contractual indemnity from a customer, could cause a material adverse effect on our financial position,
operating results and cash flows.

       We are subject
to various tax laws and regulations in substantially all of the non-U.S. countries in which we operate or have a legal presence.
We evaluate applicable tax laws and employ various business structures and operating strategies in non-U.S. countries to
obtain the optimal
level of taxation on our revenues, income, assets and personnel. Actions by international tax authorities that impact our business
structures and operating strategies, such as changes to tax treaties, laws and regulations, or repeal of same, adverse rulings in connection
with audits, or other challenges, may substantially increase our tax expense.

       Our
international operations also face the risk of fluctuating currency values, which can impact revenues and operating
costs denominated in foreign currencies. In addition, some of the countries in which we operate have occasionally enacted
exchange controls. Historically, we have been able to limit these risks by invoicing and receiving payment in U.S. dollars or
freely convertible international currency and, to the extent possible, by limiting acceptance of foreign currency to amounts which
approximate our expenditure requirements in such currencies.
However, there is no assurance that we will be able to negotiate such terms in the future.
We also use foreign currency purchase options or futures
contracts to reduce our exposure to foreign currency risk.

       We currently
conduct contract drilling operations in certain countries that have experienced substantial devaluations of
their currency compared to the U.S. dollar. However, since our drilling contracts generally stipulate payment wholly or
substantially in U.S. dollars, we have experienced no significant losses due to the devaluation of such currencies.
However, there is no assurance that we will be able to negotiate such payment terms in the future.

       Our international operations
are also subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which we operate,
including laws and regulations relating to the equipment and operation of drilling rigs. Governments in some
non-U.S. countries have become increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions and
companies holding concessions, the exploration of oil and gas and other aspects of the oil and gas industries in
their countries. In addition, government action, including initiatives by OPEC, may continue to cause oil or gas
price volatility. In some areas of the world, government activity has adversely affected the amount of
exploration and development work done by major oil companies and may continue to do so. There can be no
assurance that such laws and regulations or activities will not have a material adverse effect on our operations
in the future.

19

Table of Contents

COMPLIANCE WITH OR BREACH OF ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS CAN BE
COSTLY AND COULD LIMIT OUR OPERATIONS.

       Our
operations are subject to local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations controlling the discharge of materials
into the environment, pollution, contamination and hazardous waste disposal or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. Laws and regulations
specifically applicable to our business activities could impose significant liability on us for damages, clean-up
costs, fines and penalties in the event of the occurrence of oil spills or similar discharges of pollutants
or contaminants into the environment or improper
disposal of hazardous waste in the course of our operations. To date, such laws and regulations have not had a
material adverse effect on our operating results and we have not experienced an accident that has exposed us
to material liability for discharges of pollutants into the environment.
However, there can be no assurance that such laws and regulations or accidents will not expose us to material
liability in the future.

       Moreover, events in recent years have heightened
environmental concerns about the oil and gas industry generally. From time to time, legislative proposals have been introduced that
would materially limit or prohibit offshore drilling in certain areas. To date, no proposals which would materially limit or prohibit
offshore drilling in our principal areas of operation have been enacted into law. If laws are enacted or other governmental
action is taken that restrict or prohibit offshore drilling in our principal areas of operation or impose environmental
protection requirements that materially increase the cost of offshore drilling, exploration, development or production of oil and gas,
we could be materially adversely affected.

       The United States Oil
Pollution Act of 1990 ("OPA 90"), as amended, and other federal statutes applicable to us and our
operations, as well as similar state statutes in Texas, Louisiana and other coastal states, address oil spill prevention and control
and significantly expand liability, fine and penalty exposure across many segments of the oil and gas industry.
Such statutes and related regulations,
both federal and state, impose a variety of obligations on us related to the prevention of oil spills and liability for
resulting damages. For instance, OPA 90 imposes strict and, with limited exceptions, joint and several liability upon each
responsible party for oil removal costs and a variety of fines, penalties and damages.
A failure to comply with these statutes, including OPA 90,
may subject us to civil or criminal enforcement action, which may not be covered by contractual
indemnification or insurance, and could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position, operating results and cash flows.

LAWS AND GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS MAY
ADD TO COSTS OR LIMIT OUR DRILLING ACTIVITY.

       Our
operations are affected by political developments and by local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations that
relate directly to the oil and gas industry. The offshore contract drilling industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil
and natural gas exploration industry. Accordingly, we will be directly affected by the approval and adoption of laws and
regulations curtailing exploration and development drilling for oil and natural gas for economic, environmental, safety and other policy
reasons. Furthermore, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures to comply with governmental laws and regulations.
It is also possible that these laws and regulations could adversely affect our operations in the future by limiting
drilling opportunities or significantly increasing operating costs.

20

Table of Contents

OUR DRILLING RIG FLEET IS HEAVILY CONCENTRATED IN PREMIUM JACKUP RIGS,
WHICH LEAVES US VULNERABLE TO RISKS RELATED TO LACK OF
DIVERSIFICATION.

       The offshore contract
drilling industry is generally divided into two broad markets: deepwater and shallow water
drilling. These broad markets are generally divided into smaller sub-markets based upon various factors, including type
of drilling rig. The primary types of drilling rigs include jackup rigs, semisubmersible rigs, drill ships,
platform rigs, barge rigs and submersible rigs. While these market segments are affected by common
characteristics, they each have separate market conditions that affect the demand and rates for drilling
equipment in that segment. We currently have 43 jackup
rigs, one ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rig and one barge rig. Additionally, we have three
ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs and one ultra-high specification jackup rig under construction.

       Our drilling
fleet is heavily concentrated in the premium jackup rig market. If the market for premium jackup rigs should decline
relative to the markets for other drilling rig types, our operating results could be more adversely affected relative to our
competitors with drilling fleets that are not concentrated in premium jackup rigs.

NEW TECHNOLOGIES MAY CAUSE OUR CURRENT DRILLING METHODS TO BECOME OBSOLETE,
RESULTING IN AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS.

       The offshore contract
drilling industry is subject to the introduction of
new drilling techniques and services using new technologies, some of which may be subject to patent protection.
As competitors and others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a
competitive disadvantage and competitive pressures may force us to implement new technologies at a substantial cost. In addition,
competitors may have greater financial, technical and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and
implement new technologies before we can. We cannot be certain that we will be able to implement
technologies on a timely basis or at a cost that is acceptable to us. The technologies that we use or
implement in the future may become obsolete, and we may be adversely affected.

CHANGES IN LAWS, EFFECTIVE TAX RATES
OR ADVERSE OUTCOMES RESULTING FROM EXAMINATION OF OUR TAX RETURNS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR
FINANCIAL RESULTS.

       Our future effective
tax rates could be adversely affected by
changes in tax laws, both domestically and internationally. They
could also be adversely affected by
earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower
statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our
deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax treaties, regulations,
accounting principles or interpretations thereof in one or more countries in which we operate.
In
addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax
authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of
our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance that such examinations will not have an
adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

21

Table of Contents

RIG
UPGRADE, ENHANCEMENT AND CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS INCLUDING DELAYS AND COST OVERRUNS
WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR OPERATING RESULTS. THE RISKS ARE CONCENTRATED BECAUSE
OUR FOUR RIGS CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION ARE AT ONE SHIPYARD IN SINGAPORE.

       We
have three ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs and one ultra-high specification jackup rig
under construction at a shipyard in Singapore. In addition, we may construct additional rigs and
continue to upgrade the capability and extend the service lives of other rigs. Rig construction,
upgrade, life extension and repair projects are subject to the risks of delay or cost overruns inherent
in any large construction project, including the following: 

•

reliance on third party equipment vendors,

•

delays in equipment deliveries or shipyard
construction,

•

shortages of materials or skilled labor,

•

unforeseen engineering problems,

•

unanticipated actual or purported change orders,

•

strikes, labor disputes or work stoppages,

•

financial or operating difficulties of equipment
vendors or the shipyard while constructing, upgrading, refurbishing or repairing a rig or rigs,

•

adverse weather conditions,

•

unanticipated cost increases,

•

foreign currency fluctuations,

•

inability to obtain any of the requisite permits
or approvals,

•

force majeure, and

•

additional risks inherent to shipyard projects
in an international location.

22

Table of Contents

       Our
risks are concentrated because our four rigs currently under construction are at one shipyard in
Singapore. Our ultra-high specification jackup rig (ENSCO 108) and two of the
ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs (ENSCO 8500 and ENSCO 8501) are subject to firm, fixed day rate
drilling contracts upon completion of construction and significant shipyard project cost overruns or
delays could impact the projected financial results or validity of the contracts and materially and
adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. Our third ultra-deepwater
semisubmersible rig under construction (ENSCO 8502) currently does not have a contractual commitment
upon completion. If we are unable to secure a contractual commitment for the rig prior to the completion
of construction, it may result in a material adverse affect on our financial condition or operating results.
If we are able to secure a contract prior to completion, then we are exposed to the risk of delays
which could impact the projected financial results or validity of the contract and
materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.

TERRORIST ATTACKS AND MILITARY ACTION COULD RESULT
IN A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS.

       Terrorist acts
or acts of war may cause damage to or disruption of our United States or international operations, employees,
property and equipment, or customers, suppliers and subcontractors, which could significantly impact our financial
position, operating results and cash flows. Terrorist acts create many economic and political uncertainties and the
potential for future terrorist acts, the national and international responses to terrorism and other acts of war or
hostility could create many economic and political uncertainties, including an impact upon oil and gas drilling,
exploration and development.
This could adversely affect our business in ways that cannot readily be determined.