There are numerous factors
that affect our business and operating results, many of which are beyond our
control. The following is a description of significant factors that might cause our future operating results to
differ materially from those currently expected. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our
Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not specified herein, not currently known to us or currently deemed
to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results
and/or cash flows.

11

Table of Contents

THE SUCCESS OF OUR BUSINESS
LARGELY DEPENDS ON THE LEVEL OF ACTIVITY IN THE OIL AND GAS INDUSTRY WHICH CAN BE
SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECTED BY VOLATILE OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRICES.

       The success
of our business largely depends on the level of activity in offshore oil and natural gas exploration,
development and production in markets worldwide. Oil and natural gas prices, and market expectations of potential
changes in these prices, may significantly affect the level of drilling activity. An actual decline, or the
perceived risk of a decline, in oil and/or natural gas prices could cause oil and gas companies to reduce their
overall level of activity or spending, in which case demand for our services may decrease and revenues may be
adversely affected through lower rig utilization and/or lower day rates.

       Worldwide military,
political, environmental and economic events also contribute to oil and natural gas price
volatility. Numerous other factors may affect oil and natural gas prices and the level of demand for our
services, including: 

•

demand for oil and natural gas,

•

the ability of OPEC
to set and maintain production levels and pricing,

•

the level of production by non-OPEC countries,

•

domestic and international tax policy,

•

laws and government regulations that restrict exploration and development of oil
and natural gas in various jurisdictions,

•

advances in exploration and development technology,

•

disruption to exploration and development activities due to
hurricanes and other severe weather conditions,

•

the worldwide military
or political environment, including uncertainty or instability resulting from an
escalation or additional outbreak of armed hostilities or other crises in oil or natural gas producing areas of
the Middle East or geographic areas in which we operate, or acts of terrorism, and

•

global economic conditions.

THE OFFSHORE CONTRACT DRILLING INDUSTRY
HISTORICALLY HAS BEEN CYCLICAL, WITH PERIODS OF LOW DEMAND AND EXCESS RIG AVAILABILITY THAT COULD RESULT IN
ADVERSE EFFECTS ON OUR BUSINESS.

       Financial operating
results in the offshore contract drilling industry historically have been very cyclical and
primarily are related to the demand for drilling rigs and the available supply of rigs.

       Demand
for rigs is directly related to the regional and worldwide levels of offshore exploration and development
spending by oil and gas companies, which is beyond our control. Offshore exploration and development spending may
fluctuate substantially from year to year and from region to region.

       The supply
of offshore drilling rigs is limited and new rigs require substantial capital investment and a long
period of time to construct. There are 120 new jackup and semisubmersible rigs reported to be on order for
delivery by the end of 2012. Approximately 60 of these rigs are scheduled for delivery in 2009, representing
an approximate 10% increase in the total worldwide fleet of jackups and semisubmersible rigs. There are no
assurances that the market in general, or a geographic region in particular, will be able to fully absorb the
supply of new rigs in future periods.

       The increase in supply
of offshore drilling rigs in 2009 and future periods
could result in an oversupply of offshore drilling rigs and could cause a decline
in utilization and/or day rates, a
situation which will be exacerbated by a decline in demand for drilling rigs.
Lower utilization and/or day rates in
one or more of the regions in which we operate could adversely affect
our revenues, utilization and profitability.

12

Table of Contents

       Certain events,
such as the limited availability of insurance for certain perils in some geographic areas, rig loss
or damage due to hurricanes, blowouts, craterings, punchthroughs and other operational events, may impact the
supply of rigs
in a particular market and cause rapid fluctuations in rig demand, utilization and day rates.

       Future periods
of decreased demand and/or excess rig supply may require us to idle rigs or enter into lower
day rate contracts or contracts with less favorable terms. There can be no assurance that the current demand for
drilling rigs will not decline in future periods. A decrease in demand for drilling
rigs or an increase in rig supply could adversely affect our financial condition,
operating results and cash flows.

DUE TO THE DETERIORATION
OF THE GLOBAL ECONOMY, RECENT DECLINE IN OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRICES AND SUBSTANTIAL
UNCERTAINTY IN THE CAPITAL MARKETS, OUR CUSTOMERS MAY REDUCE SPENDING ON EXPLORATION AND DEVELOPMENT DRILLING AND
CUSTOMERS AND/OR VENDORS AND SUPPLIERS MAY NOT BE ABLE TO FULFILL THEIR COMMITMENTS AND/OR FUND FUTURE OPERATIONS
AND OBLIGATIONS, WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS.

       The success
of our business largely depends on the level of activity in offshore oil and natural gas exploration
and development drilling worldwide.

       Oil and
natural gas prices, and market expectations of potential changes in these prices, significantly impact
the level of worldwide drilling activity. Oil and natural gas prices have declined significantly during recent
months in a deteriorating global economic environment. A sustained decline in oil and natural gas prices could
cause oil and gas companies to reduce their overall level of drilling activity and spending. Disruption in the
capital markets could also cause oil and gas companies to reduce their overall level of drilling activity and
spending.

       Historically,
when drilling activity and spending decline, utilization and day rates also decline and drilling
may be reduced or discontinued, resulting in an oversupply of drilling rigs. The oversupply of drilling rigs
could be exacerbated by the projected entry of newbuild rigs into the market. When idled or stacked, drilling
rigs do not earn revenue, but require cash expenditures for crews, fuel, insurance, berthing and associated items.

       A
sustained decline in oil and natural gas prices, together with the global economic crisis, could adversely
affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

13

Table of Contents

WE MAY SUFFER LOSSES IF OUR CUSTOMERS
TERMINATE OR SEEK TO RENEGOTIATE OUR CONTRACTS, IF OPERATIONS ARE
SUSPENDED OR INTERRUPTED OR IF A RIG BECOMES A TOTAL LOSS.

       Our drilling contracts
often are subject to termination without cause upon specific notice by the customer.
Although contracts may require the customer to pay an early termination payment, such payment may not fully
compensate for the loss of the contract and some of our contracts permit termination by the customer without an
early termination payment. In periods of rapid market downturn, our customers may not honor the terms of existing
contracts (including contracts for new rigs under construction), may terminate contracts or may seek to
renegotiate contract day rates and terms to conform with depressed market conditions.

       Drilling
contracts customarily specify automatic termination or termination at the option of the customer in the
event of a total loss of the drilling rig and often include provisions addressing termination rights or reduction
or cessation of day rates if operations are suspended or interrupted for extended periods
due to breakdown of major rig equipment, unsatisfactory performance,
force majeure or other specified conditions, some of which may be beyond our
control. Our financial condition, operating results
and cash flows may be adversely affected by early termination of contracts, contract
renegotiations or cessation of day rates while operations are suspended.

WE MAY INCUR ASSET IMPAIRMENTS
AS A RESULT OF THE DETERIORATING GLOBAL ECONOMY AND THE POTENTIAL RESULTING
DECLINE IN DEMAND FOR OFFSHORE DRILLING RIGS.

       We evaluate
the carrying value of our property and equipment, primarily our drilling rigs, when events or changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such rigs may not be recoverable. The offshore drilling
industry historically has been highly cyclical and it is not unusual for rigs to be unutilized or underutilized
for significant periods of time and subsequently resume full or near full utilization when business cycles
change. Likewise, during periods of supply and demand imbalance, rigs are frequently contracted at, near or below
cash break-even rates for extended periods of time, until day rates increase when demand comes back into balance
with supply.
However, if the global
economic environment continues to deteriorate and the offshore drilling industry were to incur a
significant prolonged downturn, impairment charges may occur with respect to specific individual rigs, groups
of rigs, such as a specific type of drilling rig, or rigs in a certain geographic region.

       We test goodwill
for impairment on an annual basis, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that a
potential impairment exists. The goodwill impairment test requires us to identify reporting units and estimate
the fair value of those units as of the testing date.
In most instances, our calculation of the fair value of our
reporting units is based on estimates of future cash flows to be generated by our drilling rigs, which reflect
management's judgments and assumptions regarding future industry conditions and operations,
including expected utilization, day rates, expense levels and capital requirements
for each of our drilling rigs.
If the global economic environment continues to deteriorate and the offshore drilling industry were to incur a
significant prolonged downturn, our expectations of future cash flows may decline and ultimately result in
goodwill impairment.

OUR BUSINESS
MAY BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF CERTAIN CUSTOMERS CEASE TO DO BUSINESS WITH US.

       We provide
our services to major international, government-owned and independent oil and gas companies.
Although
no customer represented more than 10% of revenues in 2008, our five largest customers accounted for
approximately 40% of consolidated revenues in the aggregate. Our financial condition,
operating results and cash flows may be materially adversely
affected if any major customer terminates its contracts with us, fails to renew its existing contracts with us,
requires renegotiation of our contracts or declines to award new contracts to us.

14

Table of Contents

FAILURE TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN
SKILLED PERSONNEL COULD IMPEDE OUR OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL RESULTS.

       We
require skilled personnel to operate our drilling rigs and to provide technical services and support for our
business. Competition for skilled and other labor has intensified as additional rigs are added
to the worldwide fleet. There are 120 new jackup and semisubmersible rigs reported to be on order for
delivery by the end of 2012, approximately 60 of which are scheduled for delivery in 2009. These rigs will
require new skilled and other personnel to operate. In periods of high utilization, it is more difficult and
costly to recruit and retain qualified employees. Competition for such personnel could increase our future
operating expenses, with a resulting reduction in net income, or impact our ability to fully staff and operate
our rigs.

       During the recent robust market,
we experienced a tightening in our labor markets largely due to the loss of
experienced personnel to our customers, competitors and other businesses involved in oil and natural gas exploration
activities. In response to these market conditions, we increased compensation
paid to employees and incurred other costs
to retain our workforce, including bonus and retention programs for certain personnel.
Notwithstanding the global economic downturn, we may be required to maintain
or increase existing levels of compensation to retain our skilled workforce. Further, due to
prior downturns in the oil and gas industry, much of the skilled workforce is nearing
retirement age, which may further exacerbate the shortage of skilled personnel.
We also are subject to
potential further unionization of our labor force or legislative or regulatory action that may impact working
conditions, paid time off or other conditions of employment. If such labor trends continue, they could further
increase our costs or limit our ability to fully staff and operate our rigs.

OUR DRILLING CONTRACTS WITH
NATIONAL OIL COMPANIES EXPOSE US TO GREATER RISKS THAN WE NORMALLY ASSUME.

       We currently
have nine jackup rigs contracted with national oil companies, including
a subsidiary of the national oil company of Venezuela.
The terms of these international contracts may
expose us to greater commercial, political and operational
risks than we normally assume in international contracts,
such as exposure to greater environmental liability, the
risk that the contract may be terminated by our customer without cause on short-term notice, contractually or by
governmental action, under certain conditions that may not provide us an early termination payment,
collection risks and political risks. While we
believe that the financial, commercial and risk allocation terms of these contracts and our operating safeguards in place mitigate these risks,
we can provide no assurance that the increased risk exposure will not have an adverse impact on our future
operations or that we will not increase the number of rigs contracted to national oil companies with commensurate
additional contractual risks.

OUR DRILLING RIG FLEET IS HEAVILY CONCENTRATED
IN PREMIUM JACKUP RIGS, WHICH LEAVES US VULNERABLE TO RISKS
RELATED TO LACK OF DIVERSIFICATION.

       The offshore
contract drilling industry is generally divided into two broad markets: deepwater and shallow water
drilling. These broad markets are generally divided into smaller sub-markets based upon various factors,
including type of drilling rig. The primary types of drilling rigs include jackup rigs, semisubmersible rigs,
drill ships, platform rigs, barge rigs and submersible rigs.
While all drilling rigs are affected by general economic and industry conditions, each type of drilling
rig can be affected differently by changes in demand for drilling equipment.
We currently have 43 jackup rigs, two ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs and one
barge rig. Additionally, we have six ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs under construction.

       Our drilling fleet
is heavily concentrated in the premium jackup rig market. If the market for premium jackup
rigs should decline relative to the markets for other drilling rig types, our operating results could be more
adversely affected relative to our competitors with drilling fleets that are less concentrated in premium
jackup rigs.

15

Table of Contents

OUR
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS INVOLVE ADDITIONAL RISKS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH DOMESTIC OPERATIONS.

       A significant
portion of our contract drilling operations is conducted in countries outside the
United States. Revenues
from international operations were 80%, 77% and 62% of our total revenues during
2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively.
Our international operations and our international shipyard rig construction and enhancement
projects are subject to political, economic and other uncertainties, including: 

•

terrorist acts, war and civil disturbances,

•

expropriation, nationalization, deprivation or confiscation of our equipment,

•

expropriation or nationalization of a customer's property or drilling rights,

•

repudiation or nationalization of contracts,

•

assaults on property or personnel,

•

piracy, kidnapping and extortion demands,

•

exchange restrictions,

•

currency fluctuations,

•

changes in the manner or rate of taxation,

•

limitations on the ability to
repatriate income or capital to the United States,

•

limitations on our ability to recover amounts due,

•

increased risk of government and vendor/supplier
corruption,

•

changes in political conditions, and

•

changes in monetary policies.

       We
historically have maintained insurance coverage and obtained contractual indemnities that protect us from
some, but not all, of the risks associated with our non-U.S. operations such as nationalization, deprivation,
confiscation, political and war risks. However, there can be no assurance that any particular type of contractual
or insurance protection will be available in the future or that we will be able to purchase our desired level of
insurance coverage at commercially feasible rates. In circumstances where we have insurance protection for some
or all of the risks associated with non-U.S. operations, such insurance may be subject to cancellations on short
notice, and it is unlikely that we will be able to remove our rig or rigs from the affected area within the notice
period. Accordingly, a significant event for which we are uninsured or underinsured, or for which we have not
received an enforceable contractual indemnity from a customer, could cause a material adverse effect on our
financial position, operating results and cash flows.

       We
are subject to various tax laws and regulations in substantially all of the non-U.S. countries in which we
operate or have a legal presence. We evaluate applicable tax laws and employ various business structures and
operating strategies in non-U.S. countries to obtain the optimal level of taxation on our revenues, income,
assets and personnel. Actions by international tax authorities that impact our business structures and operating
strategies, such as changes to tax treaties, laws and regulations, or the interpretation or repeal of same,
adverse rulings in connection with audits or otherwise or other challenges, may substantially increase our tax
expense.

       Our
international operations also face the risk of fluctuating currency values, which can impact our revenues,
operating costs and capital expenditures.
In addition, some of the countries in which we operate have occasionally enacted exchange
controls. Historically, these risks have been limited by invoicing and receiving payment in U.S. dollars or
freely convertible international currency and, to the extent possible, by limiting acceptance of foreign currency
to amounts which approximate our expenditure requirements in such currencies. However, there is no assurance that
our contracts will contain such terms in the future.

       We currently
conduct contract drilling operations in certain countries that have experienced substantial
fluctuations in the value of their currency compared to the U.S. dollar. Our drilling contracts generally
stipulate payment wholly or substantially in U.S. dollars, which reduces the impact currency fluctuations have on
our earnings and cash flows. However, there is no assurance that our contracts will contain such payment terms in
the future.

16

Table of Contents

       A substantial
amount of the costs and expenditures incurred by our international operations,
including a portion of the construction payments for the ENSCO 8500 Series® rigs,
are settled in the
local currencies of the countries in which we operate, exposing us to risks associated with fluctuation in the
value of these currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. We use foreign currency forward contracts
to reduce this exposure. However, the relative weakening in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to the local
currencies in these countries may increase our costs and expenditures.

       Our
international operations are also subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which we operate,
including laws and regulations relating to the operation of drilling rigs and
the requirement for equipment thereon.
Governments in some
non-U.S. countries have become increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of oil,
natural gas and
mineral concessions and companies holding concessions, the exploration of oil and natural gas and other
aspects of the
oil and gas industry in their countries. In addition, government action, including initiatives by OPEC, may
continue to cause oil and/or natural gas price volatility. In some areas of the world, government
activity has adversely
affected the amount of exploration and development work performed by major international oil companies and may
continue to do so. There can be no assurance that such laws and regulations or activities will not have a
material adverse effect on our future operations.

WE HAVE SUBSTANTIAL RISK ASSOCIATED WITH
ENSCO 69 OPERATIONS FOR A NATIONAL OIL COMPANY IN VENEZUELA. 

       Since May 2007,
ENSCO 69 has been contracted to Petrosucre, a subsidiary of PDVSA, the national oil company of Venezuela.
PDVSA subsidiaries lack funding and generally have not been paying their contractors and service
providers. As of January 31, 2009, we had a total receivable balance of approximately $36.0 million under the
ENSCO 69 contracts.

       In late
January 2009, we suspended drilling operations upon completion of the well in progress
after Petrosucre failed to meet commitments relative to the payment of past due amounts.
Petrosucre resumed ENSCO 69 drilling operations under observation by
our supervisory rig
personnel, utilizing Petrosucre employees and a portion of the Venezuelan rig crews that were utilized by us.
Petrosucre has advised us that it temporarily is taking over operations on the rig. We currently are engaged in
discussions and exchanging correspondence with Petrosucre regarding each party's contractual rights
and obligations.

       The ENSCO 69
contracts are governed by Venezuelan law and there can be no assurances as to the ultimate outcome
of the pending dispute. The payment dispute and other risks associated with international operations for national
oil companies, including expropriation or confiscation of our rig, could have a material adverse
effect upon our financial position, operating results or cash flows.

CHANGES IN LAWS,
EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATES OR ADVERSE OUTCOMES RESULTING FROM EXAMINATION OF OUR TAX RETURNS COULD
ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.

       Our future
effective income tax rates could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws, both domestically and
internationally. They could also be adversely affected by lower than anticipated earnings in countries where we
have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher statutory
rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities or by changes in tax treaties,
regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof in one or more countries in which we operate. In
addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service
and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these
examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that such
examinations will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition,
operating results or cash flows.

17

Table of Contents

RIG CONSTRUCTION,
UPGRADE AND ENHANCEMENT PROJECTS ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS, INCLUDING DELAYS AND COST OVERRUNS,
WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR OPERATING RESULTS. THE RISKS ARE CONCENTRATED BECAUSE OUR SIX
ULTRA-DEEPWATER SEMISUBMERSIBLE RIGS CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION ARE AT A SINGLE SHIPYARD IN SINGAPORE.
THREE OF THESE RIGS DO NOT HAVE DRILLING CONTRACTS.

       There
are 120 new jackup and semisubmersible rigs reported to be on order or under construction with expected delivery
dates through 2012. As a result, shipyards and third party equipment vendors are under significant resource
constraints to meet delivery obligations. Such constraints may lead to substantial delivery and commissioning
delays and/or equipment failures and/or quality deficiencies. Furthermore, new
drilling rigs may face start-up or other operational complications following completion of construction work, or
other unexpected difficulties including equipment failures, design or engineering problems that could result in
significant downtime at reduced or zero day rates or the cancellation or termination of drilling contracts.

       We currently
have six ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs under construction. In addition, we may construct
additional rigs and continue to upgrade the capability and extend the service lives of our existing rigs. Rig
construction, upgrade, life extension and repair projects are subject to the risks of delay or cost overruns
inherent in any large construction project, including the following: 

•

failure
of third party equipment to meet quality and/or performance standards,

•

delays in equipment deliveries or shipyard construction,

•

shortages of materials or skilled labor,

•

damage to shipyard facilities,
including damage resulting from fire, explosion, flooding, severe weather or
terrorism,

•

unforeseen design or engineering problems,

•

unanticipated actual or purported change orders,

•

strikes, labor disputes or work stoppages,

•

financial or operating difficulties of equipment vendors or the shipyard while constructing, upgrading,
refurbishing or repairing a rig or rigs,

•

unanticipated cost increases,

•

foreign currency fluctuations impacting overall cost,

•

inability to obtain the requisite permits or approvals,

•

force majeure, and

•

additional risks inherent to shipyard projects in an international location.

       Our risks
are concentrated because our six ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs currently under construction are
at a single shipyard in Singapore. Although based on the design of ENSCO 7500 which has operated without
significant downtime since its delivery in 2000, these six rigs and the recently delivered ENSCO 8500 have a
common risk of unforeseen design or engineering problems. Furthermore, ENSCO 8501, ENSCO 8502 and ENSCO 8503 are
subject to firm, fixed day rate drilling contracts upon completion of construction and significant shipyard
project cost overruns or delays could impact the projected financial results or the viability of the contracts
and have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results
and cash flows.

       ENSCO 8504,
ENSCO 8505 and ENSCO 8506 have not secured drilling contracts upon
completion of their construction.
These rigs are scheduled to be delivered in the second half of 2011 and first and second half
of 2012, respectively.
There is no assurance that we will secure drilling contracts for these rigs or that the drilling
contracts we may be able to secure will be based upon rates and terms that will provide a reasonable rate of
return on these investments. Our failure to secure contractual commitments for these rigs at rates and terms
that result in a reasonable return prior to the completion of construction may result in a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
If we are able to secure drilling contracts prior to
completion, we will be exposed to the risk of delays that could impact the projected financial results or the
viability of the contract and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating
results and cash flows.

18

Table of Contents

WE HAVE INVESTED A PORTION
OF OUR CASH IN AUCTION RATE SECURITIES AND WE MAY BE REQUIRED TO HOLD THEM INDEFINITELY
DUE TO AN ILLIQUID MARKET.

       As
of December 31, 2008, we held $72.3 million (par value) of auction rate securities. During 2008, auctions
for most of our auction rate securities failed. An auction failure, which is not a default in the underlying
debt instrument, occurs when there are more sellers than buyers at a scheduled interest rate auction date and
parties desiring to sell their auction rate securities are unable to do so. When an auction fails, the interest
rate is adjusted according to the provisions of the associated security agreement, which may result in an
interest rate that is higher than the interest rate the issuer pays in connection with successful auctions.

       Substantially all
of our auction rate securities are currently rated Aaa by Moody's, AAA by Standard & Poor's and/or AAA by
Fitch.
An aggregate $68.6 million (par
value), or 95%, of our auction rate securities were issued by state agencies and are supported by student loans for which
repayment is substantially guaranteed by the U.S. government under the
Federal Family Education Loan Program.

       Auction
failures and the resulting lack of liquidity have affected the entire auction rate securities market, and
we are currently unable to determine whether these conditions will be of an extended duration. While
it is estimated that approximately half of the $330.0 billion auction rate securities market has been refinanced,
student loan supported auction rate securities remain mostly constrained and illiquid. Although
$5.9 million of our student loan supported auction rate securities were redeemed at par value during the year
ended December 31, 2008, we are currently unable to determine whether other issuers of our auction rate
securities will attempt and/or be able to refinance.

       Some
broker/dealers previously indicated that they planned to develop secondary markets for auction rate
securities, but no such market has materialized. Consequently, we are currently unable to determine if alternative
markets that provide for orderly purchases and sales of auction rate securities will develop. Several major
brokerage firms have announced regulatory settlements in which they will initially offer to repurchase auction
rate securities from retail investors, charities and small businesses, and use best efforts to provide liquidity
to institutional investors within the next several years. However, we are currently unable to determine whether
these brokerage firms will be able to comply with the terms of their regulatory settlements.
Moreover, the deteriorating global economic environment may impede auction rate security repurchases.

       Although we acquired
our auction rate securities with the intention of selling them in the near term, we do not currently expect to
experience liquidity problems or alter any business plans if we maintain our investment in these securities
indefinitely. Our auction rate securities have final maturity dates ranging from 2025 to 2047.

19

Table of Contents

THE POTENTIAL
FOR GULF OF MEXICO HURRICANE RELATED WINDSTORM DAMAGE COULD CAUSE US TO ALTER OUR OPERATING
PROCEDURES DURING HURRICANE SEASON, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS.

       Certain
areas in and near the Gulf of Mexico experience hurricanes and other extreme weather conditions on a
relatively frequent basis. Some of our drilling rigs in the Gulf Coast Region are located in areas that could
cause them to be susceptible to damage and/or total loss by these storms, and we have a larger concentration of
rigs in the Gulf Coast Region than most of our competitors. Damage caused by high winds and turbulent seas could
result in rig loss or damage or could cause termination of drilling contracts on lost or severely
damaged rigs or curtailment of operations on damaged drilling rigs with reduced or suspended day rates for
significant periods of time until the damage can be repaired. Moreover, even if our drilling rigs are not
directly damaged by such storms, we may experience disruptions in our operations due to damage to our customers'
platforms and other related facilities in the area. To date, our drilling operations in the Gulf of Mexico have
not been materially impacted by hurricanes, although we sustained the total loss of one jackup rig during 2004,
one platform rig during 2005 and one
jackup rig during 2008 by reason of hurricane damage,
with associated loss of contract revenues.
We currently have 12 jackup rigs
and one ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rig in the Gulf of Mexico.

       Insurance
companies incurred substantial losses in the offshore drilling, exploration and production industries
as a consequence of hurricanes that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico during 2004, 2005 and 2008. Accordingly,
insurance companies have substantially reduced the levels of insurance coverage available for losses arising from
Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm damage and have dramatically increased the cost of such coverage. Upon
renewal of our annual insurance policies effective July 1, 2008, we obtained $155.0 million of annual aggregate
coverage for jackup rig hull and machinery losses arising from Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm damage
with a $50.0 million per occurrence deductible (these limits do not apply to our ultra-deepwater semisubmersible
rigs as long as the rigs take action to evade the storm by moving off location according to established
procedures). This amount of coverage is significantly less than our historical coverage,
and we have no assurance that we will be able to obtain insurance for Gulf of Mexico hurricane
related windstorm damage in the
future due to capacity limitations and high premium cost.

       Our
limited insurance coverage exposes us to a significant level of risk due to rig damage or loss related to
severe weather conditions caused by Gulf of Mexico hurricanes or windstorms and could have a material adverse
effect on our financial position, operating results and cash flows. Our current liability insurance policies
maintain coverage for Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm exposures, including excess removal of wreckage and
debris, and have self-retained interest (generally equivalent to a deductible) of
$10.0 million per occurrence.

       We have established
operational procedures designed to mitigate risk to our jackup rigs in the Gulf of Mexico
during hurricane season. In addition to procedures designed to better secure the drilling package on jackup rigs,
improve jackup leg stability and increase the air gap to position the hull above waves, our procedures involve
analysis of prospective drilling locations, which may include enhanced bottom surveys. These procedures may
result in a decision to decline to operate on a customer designated location during hurricane season
notwithstanding that the location, water depth and other standard operating conditions are within a rig's normal
operating range. Our procedures and the associated regulatory requirements addressing Mobile Offshore Drilling
Unit operations in the Gulf of Mexico during hurricane season may result in a loss or reduction of work for our
rigs at certain customer drilling locations, with a corresponding reduction in rig utilization or day rates in the
Gulf of Mexico.

20

Table of Contents

THE LOSS OF ENSCO 74 MAY EXPOSE US TO COSTS
ASSOCIATED WITH REMOVAL OF WRECKAGE AND DEBRIS, LIABILITIES FOR PROPERTY LOSS OR DAMAGE, PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH
OR ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITIES THAT MAY NOT BE FULLY RECOVERABLE UNDER OUR INSURANCE OR CONTRACTUAL INDEMNITIES.

       We
have been unable to locate the hull of ENSCO 74, which is presumed to have sunk in the Gulf of
Mexico in September 2008 as a result of Hurricane Ike. Portions of the rig's legs remain underwater
adjacent to the customer's platform.
We could be exposed to costs associated with removal of wreckage or debris if the hull is ultimately
located and we are required to remove it. Furthermore, the sunken hull of ENSCO 74 may expose us to liabilities
if it constitutes a hazard to navigation, and may expose us to various potential liabilities for property loss or
damage, personal injury or death. Additionally, the ENSCO 74 hull
contains certain fuel, oil, lubes and paint which, if released into the ocean, may create environmental
liabilities and exposure to penalties, fines and clean-up costs. Our liability insurance and contractual
indemnities may not fully protect us from such cost, liability or exposure.

       We may also be required to
remove the leg sections of ENSCO 74 from the seabed.
Although we expect the cost of removal of the leg sections to be covered by available insurance
and contractual indemnification, we may not be fully protected from such costs, liability or exposure.

OUR BUSINESS INVOLVES NUMEROUS OPERATING
HAZARDS, AND WE ARE NOT FULLY INSURED AGAINST ALL OPERATING HAZARDS.

       Contract
drilling and offshore oil and gas operations in general are subject to numerous risks, including the
following: 

•

rig or other
property damage, liability or loss, including removal of wreckage or debris, resulting from
hurricanes and other severe weather conditions, collisions, groundings, blowouts, fires, explosions and other
accidents or terrorism,

•

blowouts,
fires, explosions and other loss of well control events causing damage to wells, reservoirs, production
facilities and other properties and which may require wild well control, including drilling of relief wells,

•

craterings,
punchthroughs or other events causing rigs to capsize, sink or otherwise incur significant damage or
total loss,

•

extensive uncontrolled
rig or well fires, blowouts, oil spills or other discharges of pollutants causing damage
to the environment,

•

machinery breakdowns,
equipment failures, personnel shortages, failure of subcontractors and vendors to perform
or supply goods and services and other events causing the suspension or cancellation of drilling operations, and

•

unionization
or similar collective actions by our employees or employees of subcontractors causing suspension of
drilling operations or significant increases in operating costs.

21

Table of Contents

       In
addition to these risks to property and the environment, many of the hazards and risks associated with our
operations, and accidents or other events resulting from such hazards and risks, as well as our routine
operations, expose our personnel, as well as personnel of our customers, subcontractors, vendors and other third
parties, to the risk of personal injury or death.

       Although
we currently maintain broad insurance coverage, subject to certain significant deductibles and levels of
self-insurance or risk retention, it does not cover all types of losses and, in some situations such as rig loss
or damage resulting from Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm exposures, may not provide full coverage for
damages, losses or liabilities resulting from our operations. Except for windstorm coverage on our Gulf of Mexico
rigs subsequent to July 1, 2006, which was placed on a limited basis, we historically have maintained insurance
coverage for damage to or loss of our drilling rigs in amounts not less than the estimated fair market value
thereof. However, in the event of total loss, such coverage is unlikely to be sufficient to recover the cost of a
newly constructed replacement rig. Since we do not maintain business interruption or loss of hire insurance, we
are fully exposed to loss of drilling contract revenue resulting from rig loss or damage.

       We
generally obtain contractual indemnification obligating our customers to protect and indemnify us for all or
part of the liabilities resulting from pollution and damage to the environment, damage to wells, reservoirs and
other customer property, control of wild wells, drilling of relief wells and certain non-rig crew personnel
injuries. Such indemnification protection may be qualified or limited, and may exclude certain perils or events
or the application of local law. In some circumstances, we are unable to obtain indemnification protection for
some or all of the risks generally assumed by our customers, including risks and liabilities relating to
environmental damage, well loss or damage or wild well control. The inability to obtain such indemnification,
the failure of a customer to meet indemnification obligations or losses or liabilities resulting from uninsured
or underinsured events could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results and cash
flows.

       Our contracts generally protect us in whole or part from certain losses sustained as a result of our negligence,
most frequently as respects pollution and damage to the environment, damage to wells or reservoirs, control of
wild wells, drilling of relief wells and consequential damages. However, losses resulting from contracts that do
not contain such protection could have a material adverse affect on our financial position, operating results and
cash flows. Losses resulting from our gross negligence or willful misconduct may not be protected contractually
by specific provision or by application of law, and our insurance may not provide adequate protection for such
losses.

COMPLIANCE WITH OR BREACH
OF ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS CAN BE COSTLY AND COULD LIMIT OUR OPERATIONS.

       Our
operations are subject to local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations controlling the discharge of
materials into the environment, pollution, contamination and hazardous waste disposal or otherwise relating to
the protection of the environment. Laws and regulations specifically applicable to our business activities could
impose significant liability on us for damages, clean-up costs, fines and penalties in the event of oil spills or
similar discharges of pollutants or contaminants into the environment or improper disposal of hazardous waste
generated in the course of our operations. To date, such laws and regulations have not had a material adverse
effect on our operating results, and we have not experienced an accident that has exposed us to material liability
for discharges of pollutants into the environment. However, there can be no assurance that such laws and
regulations or accidents will not expose us to material liability in the future.

       OPA
90 and other federal statutes applicable to us
and our operations, as well as similar state statutes in Texas, Louisiana and other coastal states, address oil
spill prevention and control and significantly expand liability, fine and penalty exposure across many segments
of the oil and gas industry. Such statutes and related regulations, both federal and state, impose a variety of
obligations on us related to the prevention of oil spills and liability for resulting damages. For instance, OPA
90 imposes strict and, with limited exceptions, joint and several liability upon each responsible party for oil
removal costs as well as a variety of fines, penalties and damages. A failure to comply with these statutes,
including OPA 90, may subject us to civil or criminal enforcement action, which may not be covered by contractual
indemnification or insurance and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating
results and cash flows.

22

Table of Contents

       Events
in recent years have generally heightened environmental concerns about the oil and gas industry. From time
to time, legislative proposals have been introduced that would materially limit or prohibit offshore drilling in
certain areas. To date, no proposals have been enacted into law which
would materially limit or prohibit offshore drilling in our principal
areas of operation.
However, we are adversely affected by moratoria on drilling in certain areas of the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere.
If new laws are enacted or other government action is taken that
restrict or prohibit offshore drilling in our principal areas of operation or impose environmental protection
requirements that materially increase the cost of offshore drilling, exploration, development or production of
oil and natural gas, we could be materially adversely affected.

LAWS AND GOVERNMENTAL
REGULATIONS MAY ADD TO COSTS, LIMIT OUR DRILLING ACTIVITY OR REDUCE DEMAND FOR OUR DRILLING
SERVICES.

       Our operations
are affected by political developments and by local, state, federal and foreign laws and
regulations that relate directly to the oil and gas industry. The offshore contract drilling industry is
dependent on demand for services from the oil and gas industry. Accordingly, we will be directly affected
by the approval and adoption of laws and regulations limiting or curtailing exploration and development drilling
for oil and natural gas for economic, environmental, safety and other policy reasons. We may be exposed to risks
related to new laws or regulations pertaining to climate change, carbon emissions or energy use that could
decrease the use of oil or natural gas, thus reducing demand for hydrocarbon-based fuel and our drilling
services. Governments also may pass laws or regulations encouraging or mandating the use of alternative energy
sources, such as wind power and solar energy, which may reduce demand for oil and natural gas and our drilling
services. Furthermore, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures or incur substantial
additional costs to comply with new governmental laws and regulations. It is also possible that legislative and
regulatory activity could adversely affect our operations by limiting drilling opportunities or significantly
increasing our operating costs.

TERRORIST ATTACKS, PIRACY AND MILITARY ACTION
COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS.

       Terrorist
acts, piracy, kidnapping, extortion
or acts of war may cause damage to or disruption of our domestic or international operations,
employees, property and equipment or customers, suppliers and subcontractors, which
may not be covered by insurance or an enforceable contractual indemnity and
could significantly impact
our financial position, operating results and cash flows.
These acts create many economic and political
uncertainties and the potential for future similar acts, the national and international responses
and other acts of war or hostility could create many economic and political uncertainties, including an impact
upon oil and natural gas
drilling, exploration and development. This could adversely affect our business in ways that
cannot readily be determined.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS COULD AFFECT US ADVERSELY.

       We
are involved in litigation, including various claims, disputes and regulatory proceedings that arise in the
ordinary course of business, many of which are uninsured and relate to commercial, employment or regulatory
activities. We also are concluding an internal investigation relating to compliance with the anti-bribery,
recordkeeping and accounting provisions of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") that focuses on
activities related to our former operations in Nigeria and the associated accounting entries and internal
accounting controls, and have self-reported to the appropriate U.S. government authorities.

       Although
we cannot accurately predict the outcome of our litigation, claims, disputes, regulatory proceedings and
investigations or the amount or impact of any associated liability or other sanctions, these matters could
adversely affect our financial position, operating results or cash flows.