There are
numerous factors that affect our business and our operating results, many of which are beyond our
control. The following is a description of significant factors that might cause our
future operating results to differ materially from those currently expected.
The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks and
uncertainties not specified herein, not currently known to us or currently deemed to be immaterial also may
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results.

10

Table of Contents

THE SUCCESS OF OUR BUSINESS
LARGELY DEPENDS ON THE LEVEL OF ACTIVITY IN THE OIL AND NATURAL GAS INDUSTRY, WHICH CAN BE
SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECTED BY VOLATILE OIL AND GAS PRICES.

       The success of our
business largely depends on the level of activity in offshore oil and natural gas exploration, development and
production in markets worldwide. Oil and natural gas prices, and market expectations of potential changes in these prices,
may significantly affect the level of drilling activity. An actual decline,
or the perceived risk of a decline, in oil or natural gas prices could cause oil and gas
companies to reduce their overall level of activity or spending, in which case demand for our equipment and services may decrease and
revenues may be adversely affected through lower rig utilization and lower average day rates. Worldwide military, political,
environmental and economic events also contribute to oil and natural gas price volatility. Numerous other
factors may affect oil and natural gas prices and the level of demand for our services, including: 

•

demand for oil and gas,

•

the ability of OPEC
to set and maintain production levels and pricing,

•

the level of production by non-OPEC countries,

•

domestic and international tax policy,

•

laws and governmental regulations that restrict exploration and development of oil
and natural gas in various jurisdictions,

•

advances in exploration and development technology,

•

disruption to exploration and development activities due to
hurricanes and other severe weather conditions, and

•

the worldwide military or political environment,
including uncertainty or instability resulting from an escalation or additional
outbreak of armed hostilities or other crises in oil or natural gas producing areas of the Middle East or geographic areas
in which we operate, or acts of terrorism.

THE OFFSHORE CONTRACT DRILLING INDUSTRY
HAS HISTORICALLY BEEN CYCLICAL, WITH PERIODS OF LOW DEMAND AND EXCESS RIG AVAILABILITY THAT COULD RESULT IN
ADVERSE EFFECTS ON OUR BUSINESS.

       Financial operating results in the offshore
contract drilling industry have historically been very cyclical and primarily are related to the demand
for drilling rigs and the available supply of rigs.

       Demand for rigs is directly related to the regional
and worldwide levels of offshore exploration and development spending by oil and gas companies, which is
beyond our control. Offshore exploration and development spending may fluctuate substantially from year
to year and from region to region.

       The supply of offshore drilling rigs is limited and new
rigs require a substantial capital investment and a long period of time to construct. There
are over 120 new jackup and semisubmersible rigs reported to be on order for delivery
by the end of 2011. Approximately 50 of these rigs are scheduled for delivery in 2008,
representing an approximate 10% increase in the total worldwide fleet of jackups and semisubmersible rigs.
There are no assurances that the market in general, or a geographic region in particular,
will be able to fully absorb the supply of
new rigs in future periods.
The increase in supply of offshore drilling rigs in 2008 and future periods could result in an
oversupply of offshore drilling rigs and could cause a decline in utilization and day rates.
Lower utilization and day rates in one or more of the regions in which we operate could
adversely affect our revenues, utilization and profitability.

       Certain
events, such as limited availability of insurance for certain perils in some geographical areas,
rig loss or damage due to hurricanes, blowouts, craterings, punchthroughs, and other operational events,
may impact the supply of rigs in a particular market and cause rapid fluctuations in rig demand,
utilization and day rates.

       Future periods of decreased demand and/or excess rig
supply may require us to idle rigs or to enter into lower rate contracts or contracts with less
favorable terms. There can be no assurance that the current demand for drilling rigs will not decline in
future periods, nor can there be any assurance concerning any adverse effect resulting from such
decrease in activity or an increase in rig supply.

11

Table of Contents

RIG CONSTRUCTION,
UPGRADE AND ENHANCEMENT PROJECTS ARE SUBJECT TO RISKS INCLUDING DELAYS AND COST OVERRUNS
WHICH COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR OPERATING RESULTS. THE RISKS ARE CONCENTRATED BECAUSE
OUR FOUR SEMISUBMERSIBLE RIGS CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION ARE AT ONE SHIPYARD IN SINGAPORE.

       There are over 120 new
jackup and semisubmersible rigs reported to be on order for construction with delivery
dates through 2011. As a result, shipyards and third party equipment vendors are under significant resource
constraints to meet delivery obligations. Such constraints may lead to substantial
delivery and commissioning delays of rigs under construction and/or equipment failures and/or quality
deficiencies. Furthermore, new drilling rigs may face start-up or other operational complications following completion of construction
work, or other unexpected difficulties or equipment failures that could result in significant downtime
at reduced or zero day rates
or the
cancellation or termination of drilling contracts.

       We
have four ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs
under construction at a shipyard in Singapore. In addition, we may construct additional rigs and
continue to upgrade the capability and extend the service lives of our existing rigs. Rig construction,
upgrade, life extension and repair projects are subject to the risks of delay or cost overruns inherent
in any large construction project, including the following: 

•

failure of third party equipment to meet quality and/or performance standards,

•

delays in equipment deliveries or shipyard
construction,

•

shortages of materials or skilled labor,

•

unforeseen design or engineering problems,

•

unanticipated actual or purported change orders,

•

strikes, labor disputes or work stoppages,

•

financial or operating difficulties of equipment
vendors or the shipyard while constructing, upgrading, refurbishing or repairing a rig or rigs,

•

adverse weather conditions,

•

unanticipated cost increases,

•

foreign currency fluctuations impacting overall cost,

•

inability to obtain any of the requisite permits
or approvals,

•

force majeure, and

•

additional risks inherent to shipyard projects
in an international location.

       Our
risks are concentrated because our four ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs currently under construction are at one shipyard in
Singapore. Although based on the existing design of ENSCO 7500, these four rigs have a common risk of
unforeseen design or engineering problems. Furthermore, three of the
rigs (ENSCO 8500, ENSCO 8501 and ENSCO 8502) are subject to firm, fixed day rate
drilling contracts upon completion of construction and significant shipyard project cost overruns or
delays could impact the projected financial results or the viability of the contracts and materially and
adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. Our fourth ultra-deepwater
semisubmersible rig under construction (ENSCO 8503) currently does not have a contractual commitment
upon completion. If we are unable to secure a contractual commitment for the rig prior to the completion
of construction, it may result in a material adverse affect on our financial condition or operating results.
If we are able to secure a drilling contract prior to completion, we will be exposed to the risk of delays
that could impact the projected financial results or the viability of the contract and
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.

12

Table of Contents

FAILURE TO RECRUIT AND RETAIN SKILLED PERSONNEL COULD IMPEDE OUR OPERATIONS
AND FINANCIAL RESULTS.

       We require skilled personnel to operate
our drilling rigs and to provide technical services and support for our business. Competition for
skilled and other labor has intensified as additional rigs are activated or are added to the worldwide fleet.
There are over 120 new
jackup and semisubmersible rigs reported to be on order for delivery by the end of 2011,
approximately 50 of which are scheduled for delivery in 2008. These rigs
will require new skilled and other personnel to operate. In periods of high
utilization, such as the current period, it is more difficult and costly to recruit and retain qualified
employees. Although competition for skilled and other labor has not materially affected us to date,
competition for such personnel could increase our future operating expenses, with a
resulting reduction in net income, or impact our ability to fully staff and operate our rigs.

       We have experienced a tightening in our labor markets
largely due to
the loss of experienced personnel to our customers, competitors and other businesses involved in oil and
gas exploration activities. In response to these market conditions, we have increased compensation and
have incurred other costs to retain our workforce, including bonus and retention programs for
certain personnel.
We also are subject to potential further unionization of our labor force or legislative or regulatory
action that may impact working conditions, paid time off, or other conditions of employment.
If such labor trends continue, they could further increase our costs or limit our
ability to fully staff and operate our rigs.

WE MAY SUFFER LOSSES IF OUR CUSTOMERS TERMINATE
OR SEEK TO RENEGOTIATE OUR CONTRACTS OR IF OPERATIONS ARE SUSPENDED OR INTERRUPTED RESULTING IN
REDUCTION OR CESSATION OF DAY RATES.

       Our drilling
contracts often are subject to termination without cause upon specific notice by the customer. Although contracts may require the
customer to pay an early termination payment, such payment may not fully compensate for the loss of the contract
and some of our contracts permit termination by the customer without an early termination payment.
In periods of rapid market downturn, our customers may not honor the terms of existing contracts, may terminate contracts
or may seek to renegotiate contract rates and terms to conform with depressed market conditions. Furthermore, contracts customarily
specify automatic termination or termination at the option of the customer in the event of a total loss of the drilling rig and often
include provisions addressing termination rights or reduction or cessation of day rates if operations are suspended or interrupted for extended periods by
reason
of excessive downtime for breakdowns or repairs, force majeure or other specified conditions,
some of which may be beyond our control. Our operating results may be adversely
affected by early termination of contracts, contract renegotiations or cessation of day rates while operations are suspended.

OUR BUSINESS MAY BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF CERTAIN
CUSTOMERS CEASE TO DO BUSINESS WITH US.

       We provide our
services to major international, government-owned and independent oil and gas companies.
The number of customers we serve has decreased in recent years as a result of mergers among oil companies.
Although no customer represented more than 10% of revenues in 2007, our five largest customers
accounted for approximately 35% of consolidated revenues in the aggregate.
Our operating results may be materially adversely
affected if any major customer terminates its contracts with us, fails to renew its
existing contracts with us, or declines to
award new contracts to us.

OUR DRILLING CONTRACTS WITH NATIONAL
OIL COMPANIES EXPOSE US TO GREATER RISKS THAN WE NORMALLY ASSUME.

       We currently have 11 jackup
rigs contracted with national oil companies. The terms of these contracts may expose us to
greater risks than we normally assume, such as exposure to greater environmental liability or the risk
that the contract may be terminated by our customer without cause on short-term notice, contractually or by governmental action, subject to certain
conditions
which may not provide us an early termination payment.
While we believe that the financial terms of these contracts and our operating safeguards in place
mitigate these risks, we can provide no assurance that the increased risk exposure will not have a negative
impact on our future operations or that we will not increase the number of rigs contracted to national oil
companies with commensurate additional contractual risks.

13

Table of Contents

WE HAVE SIGNIFICANT LEVELS OF SELF-INSURANCE
FOR GULF OF MEXICO HURRICANE RELATED WINDSTORM DAMAGE COVERAGE WHICH EXPOSES US TO ADDITIONAL RISK AND
CAUSES US TO ALTER OUR OPERATING PROCEDURES DURING HURRICANE SEASON WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR
BUSINESS.

       Certain
areas in and near the Gulf of Mexico experience hurricanes and other extreme weather conditions on a
relatively frequent basis. Some of our drilling rigs in the Gulf Coast Region are located in areas that
could cause them to be susceptible to damage and/or total loss by these storms and we have a larger
concentration of rigs in the Gulf Coast Region than most of our competitors. Damage caused by high winds
and turbulent seas could potentially result in rig loss or damage or could cause
termination of drilling contracts on lost or severely damaged rigs or curtailment
of operations on
damaged drilling rigs with reduced or suspended day rates for significant periods of time until the damage can be repaired. Moreover, even if
our drilling rigs are not directly damaged by such storms, we may experience disruptions in our
operations due to damage to our customers' platforms and other related facilities in the area. To date,
our drilling operations in the Gulf of Mexico have not been materially impacted by hurricanes, although
we sustained the total loss of one jackup rig in 2004 and one platform rig in 2005 by reason of
hurricane damage. We currently have 13 jackup rigs and one ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rig in the Gulf of Mexico.

       Insurance
companies incurred substantial losses in the offshore drilling, exploration and production industries
as a consequence of hurricanes that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico during 2004 and 2005. Accordingly, insurance
companies have substantially reduced the levels of insurance coverage available for losses arising from Gulf of
Mexico hurricane related windstorm damage and have dramatically increased the cost of such coverage. Upon renewal
of our annual insurance policies effective July 1, 2007, we obtained $127.5 million of annual aggregate coverage
for jackup rig hull and machinery losses arising from Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm damage with a
$50.0 million per occurrence deductible (these limits do not apply to our ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rig as
long as the rig takes action to evade the storm by moving off location according to established procedures). This
amount of coverage is significantly less than our historical coverage.

       Our limited insurance coverage exposes us to a
significant level of risk due to rig damage or loss related to severe weather conditions caused by Gulf of Mexico
hurricanes or windstorms and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results
and cash flows. Our current liability insurance policies maintain coverage for Gulf of Mexico hurricane related
windstorm exposures, including removal of wreckage and debris, and have self retained interest (generally
equivalent to a deductible) of $10.0 million per occurrence.

       We
have established operational procedures designed to mitigate risk to our jackup rigs in the
Gulf of Mexico during hurricane season. In addition to procedures designed to better secure the drilling
package on jackup rigs, improve jackup leg stability and increase the air gap to position the hull above
waves, our procedures involve analysis of prospective drilling locations, which may include enhanced
bottom surveys. These procedures may result in a decision to decline to operate on a
customer designated location during hurricane season notwithstanding that the location, water depth and
other standard operating conditions are within a rig's normal operating range. Our
procedures and the associated regulatory requirements addressing Mobile Offshore Drilling Unit operations in
the Gulf of Mexico during hurricane season may result in a loss or reduction of work for our rigs at
certain customer drilling locations, with consequential reduction in rig utilization or day rates in the
Gulf of Mexico.

14

Table of Contents

OUR BUSINESS INVOLVES NUMEROUS OPERATING HAZARDS
AND WE ARE NOT FULLY INSURED AGAINST ALL OF THESE HAZARDS.

       Contract drilling
and offshore oil and gas operations in general are subject to numerous risks, including the following: 

•

rig or other property damage or loss resulting
from hurricanes and other severe weather conditions, collisions, groundings, blowouts, fires, explosions
and other accidents or terrorism,

•

blowouts, fires, explosions and other loss of
well control events causing damage to wells, reservoirs, production facilities and other properties and
which may require wild well control, including drilling of relief wells,

•

craterings, punchthroughs or other events
causing rigs to capsize, sink or otherwise incur significant damage or total loss,

•

extensive uncontrolled rig or well fires, blowouts, oil
spills or other discharges of pollutants causing damage to the environment,

•

machinery breakdowns, equipment failures,
personnel shortages, failure of subcontractors and vendors to perform or supply goods and services and
other events causing the suspension or cancellation of drilling operations, and

•

unionization or similar collective actions by
our employees or employees of subcontractors causing
suspension of drilling operations or
significant increases in operating costs.

       In addition to these risks
to property and the environment, many of the hazards and risks
associated with our operations, and accidents or other events resulting from such hazards and risks
as well as routine operations,
expose our personnel, as well as personnel of our customers, subcontractors, vendors and other third
parties, to risk of personal injury or death.

       Although
we currently maintain broad insurance coverage, subject to certain significant deductibles and levels of
self-insurance or risk retention, it does not cover all types of losses and, in some situations such as
rig loss or damage resulting from Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm exposures, may not
provide full coverage for losses or liabilities resulting from our operations.
Except for windstorm coverage on our Gulf of Mexico rigs subsequent to July 1, 2006, which was
placed on a limited basis,
we have historically
maintained insurance coverage for damage to or loss of our drilling rigs in amounts not less than the estimated
fair market value thereof. However, in the event of total loss, such coverage is unlikely to be
sufficient to recover the cost of a newly constructed replacement rig. Since we do not maintain
business interruption or loss of hire insurance, we are fully exposed to loss of drilling
contract revenue resulting from rig damage or loss.

       We generally obtain contractual indemnification obligating our
customers to protect and indemnify us for all or part of the liabilities resulting
from pollution and damage to the environment, damage to wells, reservoirs and other customer property,
control of wild wells, drilling of relief wells and certain personnel injuries.
Such indemnification protection may be qualified or limited, and may exclude certain perils or events or
the application of local law. In some circumstances, we are unable to obtain indemnification protection for some
or all of the risks generally assumed by our other customers, including risks and liabilities
relating to environmental damage, well loss or damage, or wild well control.
The inability to obtain
such indemnification, the failure of a customer to meet indemnification obligations, or losses or liabilities resulting from
uninsured or underinsured events could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results
and cash flows.

       Our contracts generally protect us from certain
losses sustained as a result of our negligence. However, losses resulting from contracts that do not
contain such protection could have a material adverse affect on our financial position, operating results
and cash flows. Losses resulting from our gross negligence or willful misconduct may not be
protected contractually by specific provision or by application of law, and our insurance may not
provide adequate protection for such losses.

15

Table of Contents

       The cost of many of the types of
insurance coverage maintained by us has increased significantly during recent years. In addition,
insurance market conditions have resulted in retention of additional risk by us, primarily through
higher insurance deductibles or self-insured retentions. Very few insurance underwriters offer certain types of insurance coverage
we maintain, and there can be no assurance that any particular type of insurance coverage will
continue to be available in the future, that we will not accept retention of additional risk through
higher insurance deductibles, self-insurance risk retention or otherwise, or that we will be able to
purchase our desired level of insurance coverage at commercially feasible rates.

       Insurance
companies incurred substantial losses in the offshore drilling, exploration and production industries
as a consequence of hurricanes that occurred in the Gulf of Mexico during 2004 and 2005. Accordingly, insurance
companies have substantially reduced the levels of insurance coverage available for losses arising from Gulf of
Mexico hurricane related windstorm damage and have dramatically increased the cost of such coverage. Upon renewal
of our annual insurance policies effective July 1, 2007, we obtained $127.5 million of annual aggregate coverage
for jackup rig hull and machinery losses arising from Gulf of Mexico hurricane related windstorm damage with a
$50.0 million per occurrence deductible (these limits do not apply to our ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rig as
long as the rig takes action to evade the storm by moving off location according to established procedures). This
amount of coverage is significantly less than our historical coverage.

       Our limited insurance coverage exposes us to a
significant level of risk due to rig damage or loss related to severe weather conditions caused by Gulf of Mexico
hurricanes or windstorms and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results
and cash flows. Our current liability insurance policies maintain coverage for Gulf of Mexico hurricane related
windstorm exposures, including removal of wreckage and debris, and have self retained interest (generally
equivalent to a deductible) of $10.0 million per occurrence.

OUR INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS INVOLVE ADDITIONAL
RISKS NOT ASSOCIATED WITH DOMESTIC OPERATIONS.

       A significant portion of our
contract drilling operations are conducted in countries outside the U.S. Revenues from international
operations as a percentage of our total revenues were 75% and 61% in 2007 and 2006, respectively. Our
international operations and our international shipyard rig construction and enhancement projects
are subject to political, economic and other uncertainties, including: 

•

terrorist acts, war and civil disturbances,

•

expropriation, nationalization, deprivation or confiscation of our equipment,

•

expropriation or nationalization
of a customer's property or drilling rights,

•

repudiation or nationalization of contracts,

•

assaults on property or personnel,

•

exchange restrictions,

•

currency fluctuations,

•

changes in the manner or rate of taxation,

•

limitations on the ability
to repatriate income or capital to the United
States,

•

changing local and international political conditions, and

•

international and domestic monetary policies.

       We historically have maintained insurance
coverage and obtained contractual indemnities that protect us from some, but not all, of the risks associated
with our non-U.S. operations
such as nationalization, deprivation, confiscation, political and war risks.
However, there can be no assurance that any particular type of contractual or insurance
protection will be available in the future or that we will be able to purchase our desired level of
insurance coverage at commercially feasible rates.
In circumstances where we have insurance protection for some or all of the risks associated with non-U.S.
operations, such insurance may be subject to cancelations on short notice and it is unlikely that we will be able to remove our
rig or rigs from the affected area within the notice period.
Accordingly, a significant event for which we are
uninsured or underinsured, or for which we have not received a contractual indemnity from a customer,
could cause a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results and cash flows.

16

Table of Contents

       We are subject
to various tax laws and regulations in substantially all of the non-U.S. countries in which we operate or have a legal presence.
We evaluate applicable tax laws and employ various business structures and operating strategies in non-U.S. countries to
obtain the optimal
level of taxation on our revenues, income, assets and personnel. Actions by international tax authorities that impact our business
structures and operating strategies, such as changes to tax treaties, laws and regulations, or the interpretation or repeal of same, adverse rulings in connection
with audits or otherwise, or other challenges, may substantially increase our tax expense.

       Our international operations also face the risk
of fluctuating currency values, which can impact our revenues and operating costs.
In addition, some of the countries in which we operate have occasionally enacted exchange
controls. Historically, these risks have been limited by invoicing and receiving payment in
U.S. dollars or freely convertible international currency and, to the extent possible, by limiting
acceptance of foreign currency to amounts which approximate our expenditure requirements in such
currencies. However, there is no assurance that our contracts will contain such terms in the future.
We also use foreign currency purchase options or futures contracts to reduce our exposure to foreign
currency risk.

       We currently conduct contract drilling
operations in certain countries that have experienced substantial fluctuations in the value of their currency
compared to the U.S. dollar. Our drilling contracts generally stipulate payment wholly or
substantially in U.S. dollars, which reduces the impact currency fluctuations have on our earnings and
cash flows. However, there is no assurance that our contracts will contain such payment terms in the future.

       A substantial
portion of the costs and expenditures incurred by our international operations are settled in the
local currencies of the countries in which we operate, exposing us to risks associated with fluctuation in the
value of these currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. We use foreign currency purchase options or futures contracts to reduce
this exposure, however, the relative weakening in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to the local
currencies in these countries may increase our costs and expenditures.

       Our international operations
are also subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which we operate,
including laws and regulations relating to the equipment and operation of drilling rigs. Governments in some
non-U.S. countries have become increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of
oil, gas and mineral
concessions and
companies holding concessions, the exploration of oil and gas and other aspects of the oil and gas industries in
their countries. In addition, government action, including initiatives by OPEC, may continue to cause oil or gas
price volatility. In some areas of the world, government activity has adversely affected the amount of
exploration and development work performed by major international oil companies and may continue to do so. There can be no
assurance that such laws and regulations or activities will not have a material adverse effect on our operations
in the future.

COMPLIANCE WITH OR BREACH OF ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS CAN BE
COSTLY AND COULD LIMIT OUR OPERATIONS.

       Our
operations are subject to local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations controlling the discharge of materials
into the environment, pollution, contamination and hazardous waste disposal or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. Laws and regulations
specifically applicable to our business activities could impose significant liability on us for damages, clean-up
costs, fines and penalties in the event of the occurrence of oil spills or similar discharges of pollutants
or contaminants into the environment or improper
disposal of hazardous waste generated in the course of our operations. To date, such laws and regulations have not had a
material adverse effect on our operating results and we have not experienced an accident that has exposed us
to material liability for discharges of pollutants into the environment.
However, there can be no assurance that such laws and regulations or accidents will not expose us to material
liability in the future.

17

Table of Contents

       The United States Oil
Pollution Act of 1990 ("OPA 90"), as amended, and other federal statutes applicable to us and our
operations, as well as similar state statutes in Texas, Louisiana and other coastal states, address oil spill prevention and control
and significantly expand liability, fine and penalty exposure across many segments of the oil and gas industry.
Such statutes and related regulations,
both federal and state, impose a variety of obligations on us related to the prevention of oil spills and liability for
resulting damages. For instance, OPA 90 imposes strict and, with limited exceptions, joint and several liability upon each
responsible party for oil removal costs and a variety of fines, penalties and damages.
A failure to comply with these statutes, including OPA 90,
may subject us to civil or criminal enforcement action, which may not be covered by contractual
indemnification or insurance, and could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position, operating results and cash flows.

       Events in recent years have heightened
environmental concerns about the oil and gas industry generally. From time to time, legislative proposals have been introduced that
would materially limit or prohibit offshore drilling in certain areas. To date, no proposals which would materially limit or prohibit
offshore drilling in our principal areas of operation have been enacted into law. If laws are enacted or other governmental
action is taken that restrict or prohibit offshore drilling in our principal areas of operation or impose environmental
protection requirements that materially increase the cost of offshore drilling, exploration, development or production of oil and gas,
we could be materially adversely affected.

LAWS AND GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS MAY
ADD TO COSTS OR LIMIT OUR DRILLING ACTIVITY.

       Our
operations are affected by political developments and by local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations that
relate directly to the oil and gas industry. The offshore contract drilling industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil
and natural gas exploration industry. Accordingly, we will be directly affected by the approval and adoption of laws and
regulations limiting or curtailing exploration and development drilling for oil and natural gas for economic, environmental, safety and other policy
reasons. Furthermore, we may be required to make significant capital expenditures
or incur substantial additional costs
to comply with governmental laws and regulations.
It is also possible that laws and regulations could adversely affect our operations by limiting
drilling opportunities or significantly increasing our operating costs.

OUR DRILLING RIG FLEET IS HEAVILY CONCENTRATED IN PREMIUM JACKUP RIGS,
WHICH LEAVES US VULNERABLE TO RISKS RELATED TO LACK OF
DIVERSIFICATION.

       The offshore contract
drilling industry is generally divided into two broad markets: deepwater and shallow water
drilling. These broad markets are generally divided into smaller sub-markets based upon various factors, including type
of drilling rig. The primary types of drilling rigs include jackup rigs, semisubmersible rigs, drill ships,
platform rigs, barge rigs and submersible rigs. While these market segments are affected by common
characteristics, they each have separate market conditions that affect the demand and rates for drilling
equipment in that segment. We currently have 44 jackup
rigs, one ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rig and one barge rig. Additionally, we have four
ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rigs under construction.

       Our drilling
fleet is heavily concentrated in the premium jackup rig market. If the market for premium jackup rigs should decline
relative to the markets for other drilling rig types, our operating results could be more adversely affected relative to our
competitors with drilling fleets that are not concentrated in premium jackup rigs.

18

Table of Contents

CHANGES IN LAWS, EFFECTIVE TAX RATES
OR ADVERSE OUTCOMES RESULTING FROM EXAMINATION OF OUR TAX RETURNS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR
FINANCIAL RESULTS.

       Our future effective
tax rates could be adversely affected by
changes in tax laws, both domestically and internationally. They
could also be adversely affected by
lower than anticipated earnings in countries where we have lower
statutory rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our
deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax treaties, regulations,
accounting principles or interpretations thereof in one or more countries in which we operate.
In
addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax
authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of
our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance that such examinations will not have an
adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

TERRORIST ATTACKS AND MILITARY ACTION COULD RESULT
IN A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS.

       Terrorist acts
or acts of war may cause damage to or disruption of our United States or international operations, employees,
property and equipment, or customers, suppliers and subcontractors, which could significantly impact our financial
position, operating results and cash flows. Terrorist acts create many economic and political uncertainties and the
potential for future terrorist acts, the national and international responses to terrorism and other acts of war or
hostility, could create many economic and political uncertainties, including an impact upon oil and gas drilling,
exploration and development.
This could adversely affect our business in ways that cannot readily be determined.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS COULD AFFECT US ADVERSELY.

       We are involved in
various litigation, claims, disputes and regulatory proceedings that arise in the ordinary
course of business, many of which are uninsured and relate to commercial, employment or regulatory activities. We
also are conducting an internal investigation relating to compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
which focuses on activities related to our former operations in Nigeria and the associated accounting entries and internal controls.

       Although we cannot
accurately predict the outcome of our litigation, claims, disputes, regulatory proceedings and
investigations, or the amount or impact of any associated liability or other sanctions, these matters could
adversely affect our financial position, operating results or cash flows.