.

Among the risks that could materially adversely affect Eaton's businesses, financial condition or results of operations are the following:

Operational Risks

If Eaton is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyberbased attacks or network security breaches, product or service offerings could be compromised or operations could be disrupted or data confidentiality impaired.

Eaton relies on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. Some of this information may be stored in the cloud or on networks not managed by Eaton. Additionally, many of our products and services include, and we utilize and rely on third-party service-providers whose products include integrated software and information technology that collects data or connects to external and internal systems. Because of this, cybersecurity threats pose a material risk to our business operations.

Global cybersecurity threats range from widespread vulnerabilities, sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, or uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to IT/OT systems. These threats may be directed at Eaton, its products, software embedded in Eaton’s products, or its third-party service providers. The risk is amplified by the increasingly connected nature of our products and systems. These threats may originate from anywhere in the connected world and while they may take the form of phishing, malware, bots, or human-centric attacks, the nature of the threat is constantly evolving. Eaton continues to deploy reasonable comprehensive measures designed to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats. 

As a result of our worldwide operations, we are subject to laws and regulations, including data protection/privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, in many jurisdictions. In addition, we operate in an environment in which there are different and potentially conflicting data privacy laws in effect in the various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and we must understand and comply with each law and standard in each of these jurisdictions. For example, the Global Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) prefers that we manage personal data in the E.U. and may impose fines of up to four percent of our global revenue in the event of certain violations.

Eaton’s customers, including governmental agencies, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards which may result in additional operating or production costs. Our cybersecurity program aligns with well-known industry-wide security control frameworks. Despite these efforts, cybersecurity incidents could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include theft of intellectual property, disruption of operations, reputational damage, adverse health and safety consequences, the loss or misuse of confidential information, product failure, as well as exposure to fines, legal claims or enforcement actions.

The effects of climate change, including weather disruptions and regulatory/market reactions, create uncertainties that could negatively impact our business.

Global increases in greenhouse gas emissions are linked to climate change, and there is a growing consensus that dramatic emissions reductions are needed to avoid severe climate impacts. Extreme weather events linked to climate change, including hurricanes, flooding, wildfires, and high heat/water scarcity, may create physical risks to Eaton’s operating locations and supply chains, as well as to Eaton's customers' operations. While Eaton is working to make its own operations carbon neutral by 2030, external factors could cause increases in these extreme weather events, political instability, and workforce migration, ultimately increasing Eaton’s cost of doing business. 

Regulatory reactions to climate change may pose more stringent obligations on Eaton’s operations and change customer demands. While Eaton is already gearing its portfolio towards products that will reduce carbon and combat climate change, there is a risk that Eaton may not innovate quickly enough to meet changing regulatory or market demands. Increasing demands for metals as the world electrifies may lead to scarcity and increased costs, as may uncertainty over carbon taxes and grid stability during a renewables transition. Despite these uncertainties, we believe Eaton is well positioned to capitalize on secular trends and market opportunities arising from these risks.

5

Table of Contents

Eaton's operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, which subjects them to varying degrees of risk

of disrupted production.

Eaton manages businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide. Our manufacturing facilities and operations could be disrupted by a natural disaster, labor strike, war, geopolitical instability and/or conflict, political unrest, terrorist activity, economic upheaval, or public health concerns (for example, COVID-19). Any such disruption could cause delays in production and shipment of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately compensate for losses.

Eaton uses a variety of raw materials, components and services in its businesses, and significant inflation could increase operating costs that may not be fully recouped in product pricing.

Eaton's major requirements for raw materials are described above in Item 1 Raw Materials. Global shortages have continued to affect the prices Eaton's businesses are charged for raw materials, particularly commodities. Further, Eaton has been impacted by logistics and wage inflation. If this trend continues and we are unable to address it with price increases, product modifications or other adjustments, our competitive position may be impacted, which could have a material adverse impact on operating results.

Further, some of our suppliers of component parts have increased their prices in response to increased costs of raw materials that they use to manufacture component parts. Should this trend continue or become more prevalent, it could adversely affect our operating results.

Significant shortages of raw materials, energy, components, and/or labor, or similar challenges for our customers could continue to adversely impact our results of operations.

Eaton has been affected by supply chain disruptions and unexpected shortages of raw materials in the future could impact our results. Further, labor shortages persist broadly in select markets. Some of our suppliers have experienced the same conditions and in response, have continued to increase their prices in response to increases in their costs of raw materials, energy and/or labor. While we strive to recoup these increased costs through our pricing or other mediating responses, if we are unable to do so without compromising the competitive position of our products and services, our results could continue to be impacted by this trend. Further, should these trends continue or worsen, the impact could have a material adverse impact on our operating results.

Industry and Market Risks

Volatility of end markets that Eaton serves. 

Eaton's segment revenues, operating results, and profitability have varied in the past and may vary from quarter to quarter in the future. Profitability can be negatively impacted by macroeconomic conditions and volatility in the end markets that Eaton serves. We have undertaken measures to reduce the impact of this volatility through diversification of the markets we serve and expansion of the geographic regions in which we operate. Future downturns in any of the markets could adversely affect revenues, operating results, and profitability.

Technology disruption may impact our stock price and/or negatively impact our end markets.

Our products and services support cutting edge technology and mega trends, including, for example, data centers. These markets have experienced and may continue to experience the abrupt introduction of disruptive technologies, which may, in turn, negatively impact our end markets. Additionally, equity markets in this space may be volatile, and may not react rationally to newly introduced products, thus impacting our stock price.

Eaton's operating results depend in part on continued successful research,

development, and marketing of new and/or improved products and services, and

there can be no assurance that Eaton will continue to successfully introduce

new products and services or maintain its present market positions.

The success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by our customers. Our businesses are affected, to varying degrees, by technological changes and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which could result in unpredictable product transitions or shortened life cycles. We may experience difficulties or delays in the research, development, production, or marketing of new products and services which may prevent us from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to bring new products and services to market. Our positions may also be impacted by new entrants into our product or regional markets.

6

Table of Contents

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Eaton's global operations subject it to economic risk as Eaton's

results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in government legislation,

regulations and policies, or currency fluctuations.

Operating globally subjects Eaton to changes in government regulations and policies in a large number of jurisdictions around the world, including, but not limited to, those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, property ownership rights, taxation, data privacy, and exchange controls. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time and could affect Eaton's operating results. While we monitor exchange rate exposures and attempt to reduce these exposures through hedging activities, these risks could adversely affect our operating results.

Changes in countries' trade policy globally, including imposition of sanctions or tariffs, may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

Changes globally in various countries’ trade policies, including tariffs and duties, may materially increase costs for goods imported into the United States and could potentially lead to broader cost pressures even for goods that are not imported. If Eaton is unable to take mitigating actions, it could negatively impact product margins and our financial performance. Additionally, potential price increases or other mitigating efforts could negatively impact market share or otherwise increase the risk of customer disputes, giving rise to possible cash flow impacts. Furthermore, globally evolving trade policies may lead to abrupt or unpredictable changes in tariffs, quotas, duties or trade agreements, potential violations or litigation, which may disrupt our supply chain and/or lead to an increase in costs. Such policies could make it more difficult or costly for us to export our products to those countries, therefore negatively impacting our financial performance.

Eaton may be subject to risks relating to changes in its tax rates, changes in global tax laws and regulations, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities.

Eaton

is subject to income taxes in many jurisdictions around the world. Income tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate could be affected materially by changes in the mix among earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, or changes in tax legislation, regulations, and policies. The amount of income taxes paid is subject to ongoing audits and litigation by tax authorities in the countries in which we operate. If these audits and/or litigation result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include material unfavorable adjustments to our tax liabilities.

Eaton may be unable to adequately protect its intellectual property rights,

which could affect our ability to compete.

Protecting our intellectual property rights is critical to our ability to compete and succeed. We own a large number of patents and patent applications worldwide, as well as trademark and copyright registrations that are necessary, and contribute significantly, to the preservation of our competitive position in various markets. Although management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not have a material effect on the results of operations or financial position of Eaton or its business segments, there can be no assurance that any one, or more, of these patents and other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. Eaton enters into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with employees, and into non-disclosure agreements with suppliers and appropriate customers, so as to limit access to and disclosure of proprietary information. These measures may not suffice to deter misappropriation or independent third party development of similar technologies. 

Eaton is subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could

adversely impact Eaton's businesses.

At any given time, Eaton may be subject to litigation, the disposition of which may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. Information regarding current legal proceedings is presented in Note 11 and Note 12 of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements.