. 

     Among the risks that could materially adversely affect Eaton’s businesses, financial condition
or results of operations are the following:

Volatility of end markets that Eaton serves.

     Eaton’s segment revenues, operating results and profitability have varied in the past and may
vary from quarter to quarter in the future. Profitability can be negatively impacted by volatility
in the end markets that Eaton serves. The Company has undertaken measures to reduce the impact of
this volatility through diversification of markets it serves and expansion of geographic regions in
which it operates. Future downturns in any of the markets could adversely affect the Company’s
revenues, operating results and profitability.

Eaton’s operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development and
marketing of new and/or improved products and services, and there can be no assurance that Eaton
will continue to successfully introduce new products and services

.

     The success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued
acceptance by Eaton’s customers. The Company’s businesses are affected, to varying degrees, by
technological change and corresponding shifts in customer demand, which could result in
unpredictable product transitions or shortened life cycles. Eaton may experience difficulties or
delays in the research, development, production or marketing of new products and services which may
prevent Eaton from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to bring new
products and services to market. The end result could be a negative impact on the Company’s
operating results.

Page 4

Table of Contents

Eaton’s operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, many of which are located
outside the United States and are subject to greater risks of disrupted production

.

     Eaton manages businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide. In recent years, the
Company’s operations outside the United States have increased significantly in relative size in
comparison to its total operations. The Company’s manufacturing facilities and operations could be
disrupted by a natural disaster, or labor strike, war, political unrest, terrorist activity or
public health concerns. Some of Eaton’s non-United States manufacturing facilities also may be more
susceptible to economic and political upheaval than United States facilities. Any such disruption
could cause delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance
proceeds may not adequately compensate the Company for the losses.

Eaton’s substantial foreign sales subject it to economic risk as Eaton’s results of operations may
be adversely affected by changes in local government regulations and policies and foreign currency
fluctuations.

     As noted above in Item 1 “Foreign Operations,” a significant portion of Eaton’s sales are to
customers outside the United States, and the Company expects sales in foreign markets to continue
to represent a significant portion of its total sales. Foreign sales and operations are subject to
changes in local government regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs and trade
barriers, investments, property ownership rights, taxation, exchange controls and repatriation of
earnings. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time and could affect
Eaton’s operating results. While the Company monitors exchange rate exposures and attempts to
reduce these exposures through hedging activities, these risks could adversely affect the Company’s
operating results.

Eaton uses a variety of raw materials and components in its businesses, and significant shortages,
price increases, or supplier insolvencies could increase operating costs and adversely impact the
competitive positions of Eaton’s products.

     Eaton’s major requirements for raw materials are described above in Item 1 “Raw Materials”.
Significant shortages could affect the prices Eaton’s businesses are charged and the competitive
position of their products and services, all of which could adversely affect the Company’s results
of operations.

     Further, Eaton’s suppliers of component parts may increase their prices in response to
increases in costs of raw materials that they use to manufacture component parts. As a result, the
Company may not be able to increase its prices commensurately with its increased costs.
Consequently, the Company’s results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

     Finally, while Eaton carefully monitors the viability of each of its suppliers, the global
economic downturn has, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on Eaton’s suppliers’ liquidity
and solvency. Should one or more of material suppliers become insolvent, Eaton could be required
to pay increased prices for affected raw materials or components, or experience difficulty in
replacing the insolvent supplier, either of which could adversely affect Eaton’s results of
operations.

Eaton engages in acquisitions and joint ventures, and may encounter unexpected difficulties
identifying, pricing or integrating those businesses.

     Eaton seeks to grow, in part, through strategic acquisitions and joint ventures, which are
intended to complement or expand the Company’s businesses, and expects to continue to do so in the
future. The success of this strategy will depend on Eaton’s ability to identify, price, finance and
complete these transactions or arrangements. Success will also depend on the Company’s ability to
integrate the businesses acquired in these transactions and to develop satisfactory working
arrangements with the Company’s strategic partners in the joint ventures. Eaton may encounter
unexpected difficulties in completing and integrating acquisitions with Eaton’s existing
operations, and in managing strategic investments. Furthermore, the Company may not realize the
degree, or timing, of benefits Eaton anticipated when it first entered into a transaction. Any of
the foregoing could adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations.

Eaton may be unable to adequately protect its intellectual property rights, which could affect the
Company’s ability to compete.

     Protecting Eaton’s intellectual property rights is critical to its ability to compete and
succeed. The Company owns a large number of United States and foreign patents and patent
applications, as well as trademark and copyright registrations that are necessary, and contribute
significantly, to the preservation of Eaton’s competitive position in various markets. Although
management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not
have a material effect on the results of operations or financial position of Eaton or its business
segments, there can be no assurance that any one, or more, of these patents and other intellectual
property will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by third parties. Eaton enters into
confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with the Company’s employees, and into
non-disclosure agreements with Eaton’s suppliers and appropriate customers so as to limit access to
and disclosure of the Company’s proprietary information. These measures may not suffice to deter
misappropriation or
independent third party development of similar technologies. Moreover, the protection provided
to Eaton’s intellectual

Page 5

Table of Contents

property by the laws and courts of foreign nations may not be as
advantageous to Eaton as the remedies available under United States law.

Eaton is subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could adversely impact Eaton’s
businesses.

     At any given time, Eaton may be subject to litigation, the disposition of which may have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
Information regarding the Company’s current legal proceedings is presented in Note 7 of the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements on page 36.

Eaton participates in markets that are competitive and Eaton’s results could be adversely impacted
by competitors’ actions.

     Eaton’s businesses operate in competitive markets. The Company competes against other global
manufacturers and service providers on the basis of product performance, quality and price, in
addition to other factors. While Eaton’s product development and quality initiatives have been
competitive strengths in the past, actions by Eaton’s competitors could lead to downward pressure
on prices and/or a decline in the Company’s market share, either of which could adversely affect
Eaton’s results.