The following factors, in addition to others specifically addressed in this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, could have a material impact on Entergy's and its subsidiaries' operations, financial results and financial condition, and could cause Entergy's and its subsidiaries' actual results or outcomes to differ materially from any projected outcome contained in any forward-looking statement in this report:

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans)

Entergy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected if the domestic utility companies fail to recover, or experience delays in recovering, storm restoration costs incurred as a result of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita or as a result of continued lost revenue from these two hurricanes. 

Hurricanes Katrina and Rita caused catastrophic damage in Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas to portions of the service territories of Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi and Entergy Gulf States. As a result of these two hurricanes, these subsidiaries have recorded accruals for the estimated storm restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of their electric and gas facilities damaged by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and business continuity costs, which are currently estimated to be $1.5 billion. The cost estimates do not include other potential incremental losses, such as the inability to recover fixed costs scheduled for recovery through base rates, which base rate revenue was not recovered due to a loss of anticipated sales. Entergy and the domestic utility companies are pursuing a broad range of initiatives to recover storm restoration costs. Initiatives include (1) obtaining reimbursement of certain costs covered by insurance, (2) obtaining assistance through federal legislation for Hurricane Katrina as well as Hurricane Rita, and (3) pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by FERC and local regulatory bodies. Because the domestic utility companies have not completed the regulatory process regarding these storm costs, however, there is an element of risk regarding recovery. Entergy is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success the domestic utility companies may have in their recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs, insurance proceeds and incremental losses they may ultimately recover, or the timing of such recovery. For further information regarding the effects of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, including the effect on revenues for those domestic utility companies where customers are unable to accept electric and gas service, reference is made to ENTERGY CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
- MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - "Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita." For further information with respect to storm cost recovery regulatory filings, reference is made to 

Note 2 "RATE AND REGULATORY MATTERS" - Regulatory Assets 
- "
Other Regulatory Assets" to the Entergy consolidated financial statements and the respective financial statements of the domestic utility companies and System Energy.

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi and Entergy New Orleans)

The consequences of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita have negatively affected the liquidity of Entergy and the domestic utility companies. The occurrence of one or more contingencies, including other unknown events such as other hurricanes or ice storms, and increases in gas and fuel prices, could put further pressure on the adequacy of the liquidity and capital resources of Entergy, the domestic utility companies and the Non-Utility Nuclear and Competitive Retail Services businesses, which could materially and adversely affect the financial condition and results of operations of Entergy and the domestic utility companies, Entergy's corporate credit ratings and the credit ratings of the domestic utility companies.

Under normal circumstances, Entergy's business is capital intensive, and depends upon its ability to access capital at rates and on terms that Entergy determines to be reasonable. The hurricanes and the resulting consequences on Entergy's business have placed even greater importance on the ability of Entergy and its subsidiaries to access the capital markets to support the increased liquidity needs. At the same time, the continued rapid increase in natural gas prices has resulted in increased working capital requirements for the domestic utility companies while waiting for existing regulatory fuel and purchased power recovery mechanisms to catch-up. The high natural gas prices and effect of the cumulative deferred fuel balance will continue to have a negative effect on the liquidity of Entergy's domestic utility business. 

Additionally, high power prices have caused and, in the future, may continue to cause, an increase in the liquidity needs for Entergy and the Non-Utility Nuclear and Competitive Retail Services businesses. Some of the agreements to sell power by Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear power plants and the wholesale supply agreements entered into by Entergy's Competitive Services Retail business contain provisions that require an Entergy subsidiary to provide collateral to secure its obligations under these agreements. The Entergy subsidiary may be required to provide collateral based upon the difference between the current market and contracted power prices in the regions where the Non-Utility Nuclear and Competitive Retail Services businesses sell power. The primary form of the collateral to satisfy these requirements is an Entergy Corporation guarantee. Cash and letters of credit are also acceptable forms of collateral. 

The occurrence of one or more contingencies, including higher than estimated storm restoration costs, lower than expected insurance recovery with respect to storm restoration costs, or a delay in such recovery, a delay in the recovery of storm restoration costs, a greater than expected increase in natural gas prices, an increase in credit support requirements relating to Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear and Competitive Retail Services businesses, an acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines in respect of fuel or power supply to the domestic utility companies, less cash flow from operations than expected, or other unknown events, such as future storms, could cause the financing needs of Entergy and its subsidiaries to increase, which may result in an increase in leverage. Material leverage increases could negatively affect Entergy's access to the capital markets as well as its credit ratings and/or the credit ratings of its domestic utility companies. 

The consequences of the hurricanes on Entergy's financial condition, and the related uncertainty associated with storm restoration cost recovery, together with other factors, such as the bankruptcy filing of Entergy New Orleans, have negatively impacted Entergy's credit profile and the credit profile of its domestic utility companies. Following Hurricane Katrina, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services placed Entergy and the domestic utility companies on credit watch with negative implications and Moody's Investors Service, Inc. placed the debt ratings of Entergy Gulf States on review for possible downgrade. After the Entergy New Orleans bankruptcy filing, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor's Ratings Services downgraded the senior secured debt ratings of Entergy New Orleans to Caa1 and D, respectively. If one or more rating agencies were to downgrade Entergy's corporate issuer rating or the senior secured debt ratings of any of the other domestic utility companies, particularly to below investment grade, the borrowing costs of Entergy, the domestic utility companies and other subsidiaries could increase, which could negatively affect their financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Entergy and its subsidiaries would also likely be required to pay a higher interest rate in future financings, and their potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease. In addition, adverse ratings actions could prompt fuel and power suppliers of the domestic utility companies to require accelerated payments or to reduce or eliminate credit lines. Lastly, in the event of a decrease in Entergy's credit rating to below investment grade, Entergy may be required to replace in a short period of time the Entergy guarantees relating to the Non-Utility Nuclear and Competitive Retail Services businesses with cash or letters of credit under some of the agreements to sell power. For further information regarding the impact of the hurricanes and increases in natural gas and power prices to Entergy's liquidity position, reference is made to ENTERGY CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
- MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - Liquidity and Capital Resources - "Liquidity Effects of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita," and - 
Significant Factors and Known Trends - "Market and Credit Risks"
- "
Commodity Price Risk" - "Power Generation." 

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans and System Energy)

Entergy Corporation's investment in Entergy New Orleans and advances under the DIP credit agreement are at risk; the domestic utility companies' pre-petition receivables due from Entergy New Orleans are also at risk for non-payment. 

Because of the effects of Hurricane Katrina, Entergy New Orleans filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under the provisions of Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Entergy Corporation owns 100 percent of the common stock of Entergy New Orleans, has continued to supply general and administrative services, and has provided debtor-in-possession financing to Entergy New Orleans and, accordingly, believes these factors represent significant influence over Entergy New Orleans. Because of the uncertainties surrounding the nature, timing, and specifics of the bankruptcy proceedings, however, Entergy Corporation has deconsolidated Entergy New Orleans from its consolidated financial statements and reflects Entergy New Orleans' financial results under the equity method of accounting retroactive to January 1, 2005. Entergy Corporation reviewed the
carrying value of its investment in Entergy New Orleans and determined that as of December 31, 2005, no impairment had occurred because management believes that cost recovery is probable. Entergy Corporation will continue to assess the carrying value of its investment in Entergy New Orleans as developments occur in Entergy New Orleans' recovery efforts. Because Entergy New Orleans has not gone through the regulatory process regarding storm costs and losses, however, there is an element of risk regarding recovery, and Entergy is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success Entergy New Orleans may have in its recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs and incremental losses it may ultimately recover, the timing of such recovery, or the return of customer load to New Orleans to support any such cost recovery. 

 Additionally, the payment by Entergy New Orleans of its $47 million of pre-petition accounts payables to the other domestic utility companies and the payment of Entergy Corporation's advances to Entergy New Orleans made under the DIP credit agreement are subject to the risks inherent in Entergy New Orleans' recovery efforts. Since Entergy is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success Entergy New Orleans will have in its cost recovery initiatives, Entergy Corporation's equity investment in Entergy New Orleans, Entergy's subsidiaries' pre-petition accounts receivables from Entergy New Orleans and Entergy Corporation's advances to Entergy New Orleans under the DIP credit agreement are at risk. For further information regarding Entergy New Orleans' bankruptcy and DIP credit agreement, reference is made to ENTERGY CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
- MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS -"Entergy New Orleans Bankruptcy," and - Liquidity and Capital Resources -"Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement." 

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans and System Energy)

The electric and gas rates that the domestic utility companies and System Energy are allowed to charge their customers are largely determined outside their control by the actions of regulators.

The rates that the domestic utility companies and System Energy charge for their services are an important item influencing the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of Entergy and the domestic utility companies. The domestic utility companies are heavily regulated, and the electric and gas rates that the domestic utility companies and System Energy are allowed to charge their customers are determined, in large part, outside of their control by governmental organizations, including the APSC, the City Council, the LPSC, the MPSC, the PUCT, and the FERC. Decisions made by these regulators could have a material impact on the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity of Entergy, the domestic utility companies and System Energy. For information regarding rate case proceedings, reference is made to Note 2 "RATE AND REGULATORY MATTERS" to Entergy's consolidated financial statements and the respective financial statements of the domestic utility companies and System Energy and 
Part 1 Item 1 of Entergy's Business - U.S. Utility -"Retail Rate Regulation." 

The domestic utility companies' fuel and purchased power costs also are recovered from customers, subject to regulatory scrutiny. This regulatory risk represents the domestic utility companies' largest potential exposure to price changes in the commodity markets. On occasion, when the level of the fuel and purchased power costs rise very dramatically, some of the domestic utility companies might agree to defer recovery of a portion of that month's fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital requirements of the domestic utility companies. In addition, from time to time, the domestic utility companies' regulators have initiated and, in the future, may initiate proceedings to investigate the adequacy and operation of the fuel recovery clauses of the domestic utility companies as well as their fuel and purchased power procurement practices. For further information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power cost recovery, reference is made to ENTERGY CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
- MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - Significant Factors and Known Trends
- "State and Local Rate Regulation and

Fuel Cost Recovery" and 
Note 2 "RATE AND REGULATORY MATTERS" to Entergy's consolidated financial statements and the respective financial statements of the domestic utility companies and System Energy. 

The domestic utility companies have historically engaged in the coordinated planning, construction and operation of generating and transmission facilities under the terms of a FERC rate schedule called the System Agreement. The LPSC and the City Council commenced a proceeding in 2001 at the FERC that requests amendments to the System Agreement, particularly with respect to achieving equalization of the total production costs of each of the domestic utility companies. In December 2005 the FERC issued its Order on Rehearing, which affirmed its decision issued in June 2005 in the System Agreement litigation. Entergy will be required to file with FERC a compliance filing to implement the provisions of the FERC December 2005 Order. For information relating to the System Agreement Proceedings, reference is made to ENTERGY CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
- MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
- 
Significant Factors and Known Trends - "Federal Regulation"- 
System Agreement Proceedings. 
Entergy and the domestic utility companies believe that any changes in the allocation of production costs resulting from the FERC's decision in the System Agreement proceeding and related retail proceedings should result in similar rate changes for retail customers. The timing of recovery of these costs in rates could be the subject of additional proceedings before the APSC and retail regulators of the other domestic utility companies. Although the outcome and timing of the FERC, APSC and other proceedings cannot be predicted at this time, Entergy and the domestic utility companies do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will have a material effect on the financial condition or results of operations of Entergy or the domestic utility companies.

(Entergy Corporation and Entergy Gulf States)

Delays and uncertainty relating to the start of retail open access in Texas for Entergy Gulf States, the implementation of recent legislation in Texas and adverse decisions in related regulatory proceedings at the PUCT could have a material adverse effect on Entergy Gulf States' and Entergy's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.

The PUCT has delayed implementation of retail open access in Entergy Gulf States' Texas service territory. In addition, the PUCT has not approved a base rate increase for Entergy Gulf States since 1991. In June 2005, the Texas legislature enacted a statute that, among other things, authorizes Entergy Gulf States to proceed with jurisdictional separation into two vertically integrated utilities, one subject solely to retail jurisdiction of the LPSC and one subject solely to the retail jurisdiction of the PUCT. In addition, the statute provides (i) for Entergy Gulf States to file a transition to competition plan no later than January 1, 2007 and (ii) that Entergy Gulf States' rates are subject to cost-of-service regulation until retail customer choice is implemented. 

Extended delay and uncertainty with respect to the start of retail open access in Texas (including uncertainty as to the ultimate form of Entergy Gulf States' related business separation plan, particularly in conjunction with any jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States as described below), the implementation of the Texas legislation, including implementation of a transition cost recovery rider, and adverse decisions in proceedings at the PUCT (whether related to the Texas legislation or otherwise), could have a material adverse effect on Entergy Gulf States' and Entergy's financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. For additional information regarding Entergy Gulf States' regulatory proceedings in Texas, including the implementation of purchased power capacity and transition cost recovery riders, reference is made to 
Note 2 "RATE AND REGULATORY MATTERS" - Regulatory Assets - "Deferred Fuel Costs,"- 
Retail Rate Proceedings - "Filings with the PUCT and Texas Cities (Entergy Gulf States)," and "
Electric Industry Restructuring and the Continued Application of SFAS 71"
 to Entergy's consolidated financial statements and the respective financial statements of the domestic utility companies and System Energy. 

(Entergy Corporation and Entergy Gulf States)

The proposed jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States into two separate vertically integrated utilities could, depending on the structure and terms of the separation, have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of Entergy Gulf States.

Reference is made to ENTERGY GULF STATES MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - Significant Factors and Known Trends - "Transition to Retail Competition"-

Jurisdictional Separation Plan, for information relating to the proposed jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States. Any jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States resulting from the LPSC proceedings would affect Entergy Gulf States' financial condition, results of operations and liquidity, particularly in conjunction with any additional restructuring of the company that may be ordered by the PUCT with respect to a jurisdictional separation or upon the implementation of retail open access in Texas. Depending on the structure and terms of the separation, such a separation could have a material adverse effect on Entergy Gulf States. 

(Entergy Corporation)

The nuclear power generation plants owned by Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business will be exposed to price risk to the extent they must compete for the sale of energy and capacity.

Entergy and its non-utility nuclear business do not have retail rate recovery for its investment in its unregulated generating plants. The sale of capacity and energy from the power generation plants owned by this business, unless otherwise contracted, is subject to the fluctuation of market power prices. For information regarding Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business and the amount of output currently sold forward, reference is made to ENTERGY CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
- MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
- Significant Factors and Known Trends -

"Market and Credit Risks" - "Commodity Price Risk."

Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business is pursuing opportunities to extend existing PPAs and to enter into new PPAs with other parties for portions of its unsold planned generation. To the extent that the electricity generated by these plants is not under contract to be sold, the revenues and results of operations of Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business, and whether it recovers its investment and operating costs from these plants, will generally depend on the market prices that can be obtained for energy and capacity. 

Among the factors that could affect market prices for electricity and fuel, all of which are beyond Entergy's control to a significant degree, are:

prevailing market prices for coal, oil, natural gas and other fuels used in electric generation plants, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities,
liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market,
the actions of external parties, such as the FERC, that may impose price limitations and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility in the energy markets,
weather conditions impacting demand for electricity or availability of hydroelectric power or fuel supplies,
the rate of growth in demand for electricity as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions and the implementation of conservation programs,
union and labor relations,
natural disasters, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events and
changes in federal and state energy and environmental laws and regulations.

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi and Entergy New Orleans)

Entergy and the domestic utility companies face uncertainty with respect to the domestic utility companies' independent coordinator of transmission proposal at the FERC and the outcome of other related FERC and state and local regulatory proceedings relating to transmission.

The domestic utility companies face uncertainties with respect to whether their regulators will approve their enhanced ICT proposal and the outcome of the AFC proceedings at the FERC. An adverse outcome in these matters could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of Entergy and the domestic utility companies. Reference is made to ENTERGY CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
- MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - Significant Factors and Known Trends - "Federal Regulation" -
 "
Independent Coordinator of Transmission" and "Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding" for disclosure regarding the FERC ICT and AFC proceedings and the APSC proceedings to review the Entergy ICT proposal.

 (Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana and System Energy)

Ownership and operation of nuclear facilities creates business, financial and waste disposal risks.

The domestic utility companies, System Energy, and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries own and operate ten nuclear power generating units and the shutdown Indian Point 1 nuclear reactor. These companies, therefore, are subject to the risks arising from owning and operating nuclear generating facilities. These include risks from the use, storage, handling, and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks, unscheduled outages due to equipment and other problems, and technological and financial uncertainties related to adhering to environmental law requirements associated with plant operations, as well as the decommissioning of nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. The domestic utility companies, System Energy, and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to some of these risks; however, it is possible that losses could exceed the amount of their insurance coverage. In the event of an unanticipated early shut-down of any of the nuclear plants owned and operated by the domestic utility companies, System Energy, and/or the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries, Entergy may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.

The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear generating unit. In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Although Entergy has no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by its subsidiaries, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect the business, financial position, results of operations and liquidity of Entergy, the domestic utility companies and System Energy. 

In addition, concerns are being expressed in public forums about the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel, in particular in the northeastern United States, which is where the Non-Utility Nuclear generating units are located. These concerns have led to, and are expected to continue to lead to, various proposals to federal regulators as well as governing bodies in some localities where Entergy's subsidiaries own nuclear generating units for legislative and regulatory changes that could lead to the shut-down of nuclear units, denial of license extension applications, municipalization of nuclear units, restrictions on nuclear units as a result of unavailability of sites for spent nuclear fuel disposal, or other adverse effects on owning and operating nuclear generating units. Entergy vigorously responds to these concerns and proposals. However, if any of the proposals relating to legislative and regulatory changes becomes effective, it could have a material adverse effect on Entergy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. For additional information ENTERGY CORPORATION AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
- MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
- Significant Factors and Known Trends - "Nuclear Decommissioning Costs."

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and System Energy)

The litigation environment in the states in which certain Entergy subsidiaries operate poses a significant risk to those businesses.

Entergy and its subsidiaries are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving employment, commercial, asbestos, hazardous material, ratepayer, and injuries and damages issues, among other matters. States in which the domestic utility companies operate, in particular Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas, have proven to be unusually litigious environments. Judges and juries in these states have demonstrated a willingness to grant large verdicts, including punitive damages, to plaintiffs in personal injury, property damage, and business tort cases. Entergy and its subsidiaries use legal and appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against them, but the litigation environment in these states poses a significant business risk.

(Entergy Louisiana)

 Entergy Louisiana, LLC will not join in filing the Entergy consolidated federal income tax return. Because it will file as a separate taxpayer, Entergy Louisiana, LLC's financial condition could be adversely affected.

 Entergy Louisiana, LLC will not join in the filing of Entergy's consolidated federal income tax return, although it will be consolidated for financial reporting purposes. Entergy Louisiana, LLC will file a separate federal income tax return, will pay federal income taxes on a stand-alone basis, and will not be a party to Entergy's intercompany tax allocation agreement. Entergy Louisiana, LLC may make elections for tax purposes that may differ from those made by the Entergy consolidated tax group, which may result in Entergy Louisiana, LLC having more exposure to tax liability than it would have had, had it been included in the Entergy consolidated tax return, thereby adversely affecting Entergy Louisiana, LLC's financial condition. For information regarding the Entergy Louisiana corporate restructuring, see ENTERGY LOUISIANA HOLDINGS, INC. and ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC - MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - 
Significant Factors and Known Trends -"Entergy Louisiana Corporate Restructuring."

(System Energy)

 System Energy's business consists of the ownership and operation of a single nuclear generating facility, and it is dependent on affiliated companies for all of its revenues.

 System Energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy and related costs associated with its 90% ownership/leasehold interest in Grand Gulf 1. Charges under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are paid by the domestic utility companies as consideration for their respective entitlements to receive capacity and energy and are payable on a full cost-of-service basis so long as Grand Gulf 1 remains in commercial operation. The useful economic life of Grand Gulf 1 is finite and is limited by the terms of its operating license, which is currently due to expire on November 1, 2024. Payments under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are System Energy's only source of operating revenues. System Energy's financial condition depends both on the receipt of payments from the domestic utility companies under the Unit Power Sales Agreement and on the continued commercial operation of Grand Gulf 1. For further information, reference is made to SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC. - MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS. For further information regarding the Unit Power Sales Agreement, see Part I. Item 1.
- Entergy's Business - System Energy and Related Agreements - 
"Federal Regulation."