Investors should review carefully the following risk factors and the other information in this Form 10-K. The risks that Entergy faces are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect Entergy's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. See "FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION." 

Utility

Entergy's Utility business segment faces these risks and those described under "General Business" below. 

Regulatory Risks

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and System Energy)

The terms and conditions of service, including electric and gas rates, of the Utility operating companies and System Energy are determined through regulatory approval proceedings that are lengthy and subject to appeal that could result in delays in effecting rate changes and uncertainty as to ultimate results. 

The rates that the Utility operating companies and System Energy charge reflect their capital expenditures, operations and maintenance charges, allowed rates of return, financing costs, and related costs of service. These rates significantly influence the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of Entergy and each of the Utility operating companies and System Energy. These rates are determined in regulatory proceedings and are subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. 

In addition, regulators can initiate proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs in the Utility operating companies' base rates and examine, among other things, the prudence of the companies' operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures (including storm costs), allowed rates of return and appropriate rate base, proposed resource acquisitions and previously incurred capital expenditures.  The regulators can disallow costs found not to have been prudently incurred, creating some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. Regulatory proceedings relating to rates and other matters typically involve multiple parties seeking to limit or reduce rates. The proceedings generally have long timelines and may or may not be limited by statute, which could cause the Utility operating companies and System Energy to experience regulatory lag in recovering such costs through rates. Decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with these approval proceedings. For information regarding rate case proceedings, reference is made to Note 2 to the financial statements.

The Utility operating companies recover fuel and purchased power costs through rate mechanisms that are subject to risks of delay or disallowance in regulatory proceedings.

The Utility operating companies recover their fuel and purchased power costs from their customers through rate mechanisms subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. Because the regulatory bodies have authority to disallow incurred costs found not to have been prudently incurred, there exists some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. Regulators can initiate proceedings to investigate the continued usage or the adequacy and operation of the fuel and purchased power recovery clauses of the Utility operating companies and their fuel and purchased power procurement practices. 

The Utility operating companies' cash flows can be negatively affected by the time delays between when gas or power is purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers in rates. On occasion, when the level of incurred costs for fuel and purchased power rises very dramatically, some of the Utility operating companies may agree to defer recovery of a portion of that period's fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital and borrowing requirements of those companies. For further information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power recovery, reference is made to the Note 2 to the financial statements.

216

As a result of a challenge by two retail regulatory bodies, the manner in which the Utility operating companies have traditionally shared the costs associated with coordinated planning, construction and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities has been changed by the FERC, which will require adjustment of retail rates in the jurisdictions where the Utility operating companies provide service and has introduced additional uncertainty in the ratemaking process.

The Utility operating companies historically have engaged in the coordinated planning, construction, and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities under the terms of the System Agreement, which is a rate schedule that has been approved by the FERC. In 2005, the FERC issued a decision requiring changes to the cost allocation methodology used in that rate schedule. Beginning in June 2007, the first reallocation of payments (based on calendar year 2006 production costs) was made by Entergy Arkansas to certain of the Utility operating companies. Entergy's management believes that any changes in the allocation of production costs resulting from the FERC's decision and related retail proceedings should result in similar rate changes for retail customers, as, in fact, was the case in 2007. The timing of recovery of these costs in rates, however, could be the subject of additional regulatory and other proceedings. 

In December 2005, Entergy Arkansas provided notice of its intent to terminate its participation in the System Agreement. In November 2007, Entergy Mississippi provided its notice to terminate its participation in the System Agreement. Each notice of termination is effective ninety-six (96) months from the date of notice or such earlier date as authorized by the FERC. Entergy cannot predict the timing or the form of any successor arrangement to the System Agreement, or the effect such a successor arrangement (or the absence thereof) will have on Entergy or the Utility operating companies.

The LPSC, APSC, MPSC and the AEEC have appealed the FERC decision to the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. For information regarding these and other proceedings associated with the System Agreement, as well as additional information regarding the System Agreement itself, see "Significant Factors and Known Trends - Federal Regulation - 

System Agreement Proceedings" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy Corporation and each of the Registrant Subsidiaries
. Although the outcome and timing of the FERC and these other proceedings and appeals cannot be predicted at this time, Entergy Corporation and the Utility operating subsidiaries do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will have a material effect on their liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 

The construction of, and capital improvements to, power generation facilities involve substantial risks.  Should construction or capital improvement efforts be unsuccessful, the financial conditions, results of operations or liquidity of Entergy and the Utility operating companies could be materially adversely affected.

Entergy's and the Utility operating companies' ability to complete construction of power generation facilities in a timely manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks.  If these projects are significantly delayed or become subject to cost overruns or cancellation, Entergy and the Utility operating companies could incur additional costs and termination payments, or face increased risk of potential write-off of the investment in the project. For further information regarding capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital in connection with the potential construction of additional generation supply sources within the Utility operating companies' service territory, see the "Capital Expenditure Plans and Other Uses of Capital
" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy and each of the Registrant Subsidiaries. 

Changing Market Structure Risks

(Entergy Corporation) 

Delays and uncertainty relating to the start of retail open access in Texas for Entergy Texas could have a material adverse effect on Entergy Texas' and Entergy Corporation's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

The PUCT has delayed implementation of retail open access in Entergy Texas' service territory. In addition, the PUCT has not approved a base rate increase for Entergy Texas since 1991, although, pursuant to a statute enacted in June 2005, the PUCT approved rate riders allowing

217

Entergy Texas to collect reasonable and necessary costs of incremental resources to meet load requirements and to recover reasonable and necessary transition to competition costs previously incurred by Entergy Texas. The statute also provides (i) for Entergy Texas to file a transition to competition plan, which Entergy Texas filed on December 29, 2006, and (ii) for Entergy Texas' retail rates to be subject to cost-of-service regulation until retail customer choice is implemented in its service territory. The statute also provides that any change in base rates will not occur until mid-2008.

Under the transition to competition plan filed by Entergy Texas with the PUCT, Entergy Texas proposed joining the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, or ERCOT, because ERCOT already has all of the prerequisites for retail choice. Entergy Texas' filing includes an estimate that construction costs for facilities to interconnect Entergy Texas' operations with ERCOT and implement retail open access could be approximately $1 billion. Under Entergy Texas' plan, retail open access could commence as early as 2013, although that is unlikely given recent PUCT decisions. For additional information regarding joining ERCOT, 
reference is made to the "Rate and Regulatory Matters -- Electric Industry Restructuring in Texas"
 section of Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

Further extended delays and uncertainty with respect to the start of retail open access in Texas, particularly with respect to the PUCT's ultimate decision on the transition to competition plan filed on December 29, 2006, and the recovery of capital costs that may be incurred in connection with the implementation of the transition to competition plan, as well as the possibility of adverse decisions in proceedings currently pending, or which will be commenced in the future, at the PUCT (in each case whether related to the statute or otherwise), could have a material adverse effect on Entergy Texas' and Entergy Corporation's financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. For additional information regarding Entergy Texas' transition to competition plan, reference is made to the "Retail Rate Proceedings - Filings with the PUCT and Texas Cities
" section of Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans)

The effects of weather and the related impact on electricity and gas usage may adversely affect the Utility operating companies' results of operations.

Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below moderate levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. As a corollary, moderate temperatures tend to decrease usage of energy and resulting revenues. Seasonal pricing differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, typically cause the Utility operating companies to report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year than in the other quarters. Extreme weather conditions or storms; however, may stress the Utility operating companies' generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on their ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. These extreme conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

(Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans)

The effect of higher purchased gas cost charges to customers may adversely affect Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's and Entergy New Orleans' results of operations and cash flows.

Gas rates charged to customers are comprised primarily of
purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to Entergy Gulf
States Louisiana or Entergy New Orleans, and distribution charges, which provide
a return or profit to the utility. Distribution charges are affected by the
amount of gas sold to customers. Purchased gas cost charges, which comprise most
of a customer's bill and may be adjusted quarterly, represent gas commodity
costs that Entergy Gulf States Louisiana or Entergy New Orleans recovers from
their customers. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's or Entergy New Orleans' cash
flows can be affected by differences between the time period when gas is
purchased and the time when ultimate recovery from customers is received. When
purchased gas cost charges increase substantially reflecting higher gas
procurement

218

costs incurred by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana or Entergy
New Orleans customer usage may decrease, resulting in lower distribution charges
for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana or Entergy New Orleans. 

(System Energy)

System Energy owns and operates a single nuclear generating facility, and it is dependent on affiliated companies for all of its revenues.

System Energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% ownership/leasehold interest in Grand Gulf. Charges under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are paid by the Utility operating companies as consideration for their respective entitlements to receive capacity and energy and are payable on a full cost-of-service basis only so long as Grand Gulf remains in commercial operation. The useful economic life of Grand Gulf is finite and is limited by the terms of its operating license, which is currently due to expire on November 1, 2024. System Energy's financial condition depends both on the receipt of payments from the Utility operating companies under the Unit Power Sales Agreement and on the continued commercial operation of Grand Gulf. For information regarding the Unit Power Sales Agreement and certain other agreements relating to the Entergy System companies' support of System Energy (including the Capital Funds Agreement), reference is made to the "Grand Gulf - Related Agreements" section of Note 8 to the financial statements and the "Utility - System Energy and Related Agreements" section of Part I Item 1.

Nuclear Operating Risk and General Business Risks Applicable to both Utility and Non-Utility Nuclear

Nuclear Operating Risk

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy) 

Ownership and operation of nuclear facilities creates business, financial and waste disposal risks.

Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries own and operate 11 nuclear power generating units and the shutdown Indian Point 1 nuclear reactor. The factors and risks affecting these nuclear operations include:

Nuclear capacity factor
s. Nuclear capacity factors significantly affect the Utility operating companies', System Energy's and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' results of operations. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently, to be successful, a plant owner must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase the Utility operating companies' operating costs by requiring them to generate additional energy, sometimes at higher costs, from their fossil or hydroelectric facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy their supply needs.

 Although most of the Non-Utility Nuclear forward sales are on a unit-contingent basis, some of the unit contingent contracts guarantee a specific capacity factor. Additionally, a small portion of the power the Non-Utility Nuclear plants produce is sold on a firm liquidated damages basis. In the event these plants were operating below the guaranteed capacity factors, these volumes would subject Entergy to price risk should the other regional generation plants not be able to produce adequate volumes.

Refueling and other outages
. Outages at nuclear stations to replenish fuel require the station to be "turned off." Refueling outages generally are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and currently average approximately 30 days in duration. When refueling outages last longer than anticipated or plant owner experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease. As a result, the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries may face lower margins due to lower energy sales pursuant for unit contingent power supply contracts or potentially higher energy replacement costs for firm liquidated damages power supply contracts and for unit contingent contracts with capacity guarantees that are not met due to extended or unplanned outages.

219

Cost and supply of nuclear fuel
. Entergy's nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that will provide substantially adequate nuclear fuel materials and services over the next several years. However, it will be necessary for Entergy to enter into additional arrangements to acquire nuclear fuel in the future. Uranium market supply became extremely limited in 2006 and 2007 and market prices have been highly volatile during this period. Market prices for uranium concentrates have risen since December 2000 (about $7 per pound) to a 2007 range of $70 to $135 per pound. The costs of obtaining supplies have therefore increased greatly for nuclear fuel users. Although Entergy's nuclear fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against these market risks for several years, the increased costs for nuclear fuel in the future cannot be predicted with certainty due to market trends, and could materially adversely affect certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
Regulatory risk

. Under the Atomic Energy Act and Energy Reorganization Act, the NRC regulates the operation of nuclear power plants. The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. A change in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect the results of operations, liquidity or financial condition of Entergy (through its ownership of the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries), its Utility operating companies, or System Energy. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by one of these companies, may cause the NRC to initiate such actions. As a result, if an incident did occur at any nuclear generating unit -whether an Entergy subsidiary or not - it could materially adversely affect the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of Entergy, certain of the Utility operating companies or System Energy.

Operational risk

. Operations at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by Entergy's subsidiaries could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. A decision may be made to close a unit rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the unit to full capacity. For the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries, this could result in lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments and penalties for failure to perform under its contracts with customers. 

Spent nuclear fuel storage

. Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries incur costs on an annual basis for the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. The approval of a national repository for the storage of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain, Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of spent nuclear fuel. In addition, the availability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel may affect the ability to fully decommission the nuclear units. 

Nuclear accident risk

. Accidents and other unforeseen problems at nuclear power plants have occurred both in the United States and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. The Price-Anderson Act limits each reactor owner's public liability for a single nuclear incident to the payment of retrospective premiums into a secondary insurance pool of up to approximately $100.6 million per reactor. With 104 reactors currently participating, this translates to a total public liability cap of approximately $10 billion per incident. The limit is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation, a change in the primary limit of insurance coverage, and changes in the number of licensed reactors. As required by the Price-Anderson Act, the Utility operating companies and Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries carry the maximum available amount of primary nuclear liability insurance (currently $300 million for each operating site). Claims for any nuclear incident exceeding that amount are covered under the retrospective premiums paid into the secondary insurance pool. As a result, in the event of a nuclear incident that causes damages in excess of the $300 million in primary insurance coverage, each owner of a nuclear plant reactor, including Entergy's Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Non-Utility Nuclear plant owners, will be required to pay a retrospective premium, equal to its proportionate share of the loss in excess of the $300 million primary level, up to a maximum of $100.6 million per reactor per incident. The retrospective premium payment is currently limited to $15 million per year per reactor until the aggregate public liability for each licensee is paid up to the $100.6 million cap.

220

As an owner of nuclear power plants, Entergy participates in these mandatory industry self-insurance programs and could be liable to fund claims should a plant owned by a different company experience a major event. Any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed any of the Utility operating companies' or the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' primary insurance coverage, and require contribution of additional funds through the industry-wide program that could significantly affect the results of operations or financial position of Entergy, certain of the Utility operating companies or System Energy.

Decommissioning

. Owners of nuclear generating plants have an obligation to decommission those plants. Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries maintain decommissioning trust funds for this purpose. The Utility operating companies collect funds from their customers, which are deposited into the trusts covering the units operated for or on behalf of those companies. Those rate collections are based upon operating license lives as well as estimated trust fund earnings and decommissioning costs. In connection with the acquisition of the nuclear plants, the Entergy Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries also acquired decommissioning trust funds that are funded in accordance with NRC regulations. An early plant shutdown, poor investment results or higher than anticipated decommissioning costs could cause trust fund assets to be insufficient to meet the decommissioning obligations, with the result that the Non-Utility Nuclear companies may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. For further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, reference is made to the "
Critical Accounting Estimates - Nuclear Decommissioning Costs
" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy.

(Entergy Corporation)

The nuclear power generation plants owned by Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business will be exposed to price risk to the extent they must compete for the sale of energy and capacity.

Entergy and its subsidiaries are not guaranteed any rate of return on their capital investments in non-utility regulated businesses. In particular, the sale of capacity and energy from the power generation plants owned by Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business, unless otherwise contracted, is subject to the fluctuation of market power prices. Market prices may fluctuate substantially sometimes over relatively short periods of time and at other times experience sustained increases or decreases. Demand for electricity and its fuel stock can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. During periods of over-supply, prices might be depressed. Also, at times there may be political pressure, or pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets. 

Among the factors that could affect market prices for electricity and fuel, all of which are beyond Entergy's control to a significant degree, are:

prevailing market prices for natural gas, uranium (and its conversion), coal, oil, and other fuels used in electric generation plants, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities;

seasonality;

availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources;

changes in production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal and crude oil and refined products;

liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market;

the actions of external parties, such as the FERC and local independent system operators, that may impose price limitations and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility in the energy markets;

transmission or transportation constraints, inoperability or inefficiencies;

weather conditions affecting demand for electricity or availability of hydroelectric power or fuel supplies;

the rate of growth in demand for electricity as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions and the implementation of conservation programs;

union and labor relations;

changes in Federal and state energy and environmental laws and regulations including but not limited to the price impacts of proposed emission controls such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI); and

natural disasters, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events.

221

New or existing safety concerns regarding operating nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel could lead to restrictions upon the operation of the Non-Utility Nuclear generating units.

Concerns are being expressed in public forums about the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel, in particular in the northeastern United States, which is where five of the six units in the current fleet of Non-Utility Nuclear generating units are located. These concerns have led to, and are expected to continue to lead to, various proposals to Federal regulators as well as governing bodies in some localities where Entergy's subsidiaries own nuclear generating units for legislative and regulatory changes that could lead to the shut-down of nuclear units, denial of license renewal applications, municipalization of nuclear units, restrictions on nuclear units as a result of unavailability of sites for spent nuclear fuel storage and disposal, or other adverse effects on owning and operating nuclear generating units. Entergy vigorously responds to these concerns and proposals. If any of the proposals relating to legislative and regulatory changes becomes effective, it could have a material adverse effect on Entergy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

A failure to obtain renewed licenses for the continued operation of the nuclear generating units could negatively affect Entergy's operations and lead to an increase in decommissioning costs and depreciation rates.

The pending license renewal applications for five of Non-Utility Nuclear's power plants and the potential license renewal applications of the Utility operating company nuclear plants may be the subject of significant public and local political debate. If the NRC does not renew the operating licenses for one or more these plants, Entergy's results of operations could be adversely affected by loss of revenue associated with the plant or plants, increased depreciation rates and accelerated decommissioning costs.

General Business Risks

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and System Energy)

Entergy and the Utility operating companies depend on access to the capital markets and, at times, may face potential liquidity constraints to handle future contingencies such as future natural disasters or substantial increases in gas and fuel prices. 

Entergy's business is capital intensive and dependent upon its ability to access capital at reasonable rates and other terms. At times there are also spikes in the price for natural gas and other commodities that increase the liquidity requirements of the Utility operating companies. In addition, Entergy's and the Utility operating companies' liquidity needs could significantly increase in the event of a hurricane or other weather-related or unforeseen disaster similar to that experienced in Entergy's service territory with Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita in 2005. The occurrence of one or more contingencies, including a delay in regulatory recovery of fuel or purchased power costs or storm restoration costs, an acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines, less cash flow from operations than expected or other unknown events, such as future storms, could cause the financing needs of Entergy and its subsidiaries to increase. In addition, accessing the capital markets more frequently in these situations may result in an increase in leverage. Material leverage increases could negatively affect the credit ratings of Entergy and the Utility operating companies, which in turn could negatively affect access to the capital markets. 

A downgrade in Entergy Corporation's or its subsidiaries'
 credit ratings could negatively affect Entergy Corporation'
s and its subsidiaries'
 ability to access capital and/or could require Entergy Corporation or its subsidiaries to post collateral, accelerate certain payments or repay certain indebtedness. 

There are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries, including the ability to cover liquidity requirements, the availability of committed external credit support, and Entergy Corporation's share repurchase program, dividend policy and other commitments for capital. If one or more rating agencies downgrade Entergy Corporation's, any of the Utility operating companies', or System Entergy's ratings, particularly below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and cash collateral demands may be triggered by the terms of a number of commodity contracts, leases and other agreements. 

222

Most of Entergy Corporation's and its subsidiaries' large customers, suppliers and counterparties require sufficient creditworthiness to enter into transactions. If Entergy Corporation's or its subsidiaries' ratings decline, particularly below investment grade, or if certain counterparties believe Entergy Corporation or the Utility operating companies are losing creditworthiness and demand adequate assurance under fuel, gas and purchased power contracts, the counterparties may require posting of collateral in cash or letters of credit, prepayment for fuel, gas or purchased power or accelerated payment, or counterparties may decline business with Entergy Corporation or its subsidiaries. In addition, in the event of a decrease in Entergy Corporation's credit rating to below investment grade, Entergy Corporation could be required to replace quickly the Entergy Corporation guarantees relating to certain Non-Utility Nuclear business agreements to sell power with approximately $700 million in cash or letters of credit. 

The Utility operating companies, System Energy and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters.

The businesses in which the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state and Federal authorities.  These laws and regulations affect the manner in which the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business conduct their operations and make capital expenditures.  These regulations also affect how the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business manage air emissions, discharges to water, solid and hazardous waste storage and disposal, cooling and service water intake, the protection of threatened and endangered species, hazardous materials transportation, and similar matters.  Federal, state, and local authorities continually revise these statutes and regulations, and the statutes and regulations are subject to judicial interpretation and to the permitting and enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. Developing and implementing plans for facility compliance with these requirements can lead to capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures.  

Emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury, particulates, and other regulated air contaminants from fossil fueled generating plants are potentially subject to increased regulation, controls and mitigation expenses.  In addition, existing air regulations and programs promulgated by the EPA often are challenged legally, sometimes resulting in large-scale changes to anticipated regulatory regimes. Environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some agencies in the United States are focusing considerable attention on CO2 emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change.  Although several bills have been introduced in Congress that would compel CO
2 emission reductions, none have advanced through the legislature.  On April 2, 2007, the United States Supreme Court issued a decision holding that the EPA has authority to regulate emissions of CO
2 and other "greenhouse gases" under the CAA.  Future changes in environmental regulation governing these pollutants could make some of Entergy's electric generating units uneconomical to maintain or operate.  In addition, any legal obligation that would require mitigation efforts or new controls would raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities. Entergy continues to monitor regulatory and legislative developments in this area.

In addition, global climate change issues have received an increased focus on the Federal and state government levels which could potentially lead to additional rules and regulations that affect how Entergy operates its business, both in terms of the power plants it owns and operates as well as general utility operation. 

Violations of these requirements can subject the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards.  In addition, the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediation of environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate.  The Utility operating companies are currently involved in proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future.  The Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance.

223

Entergy and its subsidiaries may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals.  If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, or if Entergy and its subsidiaries fail to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, the operation of its facilities could be stopped or become subject to additional costs. For further information regarding environmental regulation and environmental matters, reference is made to the "Regulation of Entergy
'
s Business - Environmental Regulation
" section of Part I Item 1.

Entergy and its subsidiaries face exposure to changes in commodity prices which can affect the value of assets and operating costs and which may not be adequately hedged against adverse changes. 

To manage their near-term financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, Entergy and its subsidiaries may enter into contracts to hedge portions of their purchase and sale commitments, weather positions, fuel requirements and inventories of natural gas, uranium (and its conversion), lignite, coal, refined products, and other commodities, within established risk management guidelines. As part of this strategy, Entergy and its subsidiaries may utilize fixed-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. However, Entergy and its subsidiaries normally cover only a portion of the exposure of their assets and positions to market price volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. In addition, Entergy also elects to leave certain volumes during certain years unhedged. To the extent Entergy and its subsidiaries have unhedged positions, fluctuating commodity prices can materially affect Entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations and financial position, either favorably or unfavorably. 

Although Entergy and its subsidiaries devote a considerable effort to these risk management strategies, they cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities. As a result of these and other factors, Entergy and its subsidiaries cannot predict with precision the impact that risk management decisions may have on their business, results of operations or financial position. 

Entergy has guaranteed or indemnified the performance of a portion of the obligations relating to hedging and risk management activities. Reductions in Entergy's or its subsidiaries' credit quality or changes in the market prices of energy commodities could increase the cash collateral required to be posted in connection with hedging and risk management activities, which could materially affect Entergy's or its subsidiaries' liquidity and financial position. 

The Utility operating companies and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business are exposed to the risk that counterparties may not meet their obligations. 

Entergy's Utility operating companies' and its Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' hedging and risk management activities are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe Entergy and its subsidiaries money, energy, or other commodities will not perform their obligations. If the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Entergy or its subsidiaries might be forced to acquire alternative hedging arrangements or honor the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. In such event, Entergy and its subsidiaries might incur losses in addition to amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties.

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding.

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust under Entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans. A decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements relating to Entergy's benefit plan liabilities. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under Entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. The funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans can also increase as a result of changes in retirement rates, life expectancy assumptions, or Federal regulations. For further information regarding Entergy's pension and other postretirement benefit plans, reference is made to the "
Critical Accounting Estimates - Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy and each of its Registrant Subsidiaries and Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

224

The litigation environment in the states in which certain Entergy subsidiaries operate poses a significant risk to those businesses.

Entergy and its subsidiaries are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving employment, commercial, asbestos, hazardous material and ratepayer matters, and injuries and damages issues, among other matters. States in which the Utility operating companies operate, in particular Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas, have proven to be unusually litigious environments. Judges and juries in these states have demonstrated a willingness to grant large verdicts, including punitive damages, to plaintiffs in personal injury, property damage, and business tort cases. Entergy and its subsidiaries use legal and appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against them, but the litigation environment in these states poses a significant business risk.

 Terrorist attacks, future war or risk of war may adversely affect Entergy's results of operations.

 As power generators, Entergy faces heightened risk of an act of terrorism, either as a direct act against one of Entergy's generation facilities or an ability to operate as a result of systemic damage resulting from an act against the transmission and distribution infrastructure used to transport power.  If such an attack were to occur, Entergy's business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact Entergy's, the Utility operating companies' and System Energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Entergy and its subsidiaries make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various financial transactions and results of operations to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, franchise, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes. These judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. Entergy and its subsidiaries also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. Changes in Federal, state, or local tax laws, adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by Entergy and its subsidiaries could negatively affect Entergy's, the Utility operating companies' and System Energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. For further information regarding Entergy's accounting for tax obligations, reference is made to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

(Entergy Louisiana)

Entergy Louisiana has not joined in filing the Entergy consolidated Federal income tax return. Because it files as a separate taxpayer, Entergy Louisiana's financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Although Entergy Louisiana, LLC has been consolidated for financial reporting purposes since its inception, it has not joined in the filing of Entergy's consolidated federal income tax return through the tax year 2007.  Entergy Louisiana, LLC has filed separate federal income tax returns, paid federal income taxes on a stand-alone basis and has not been a party to the Entergy System's intercompany tax allocation agreement.  As such, Entergy Louisiana, LLC may make elections for tax purposes that may differ from those made by the Entergy consolidated tax group, which may result in Entergy Louisiana, LLC having more exposure to tax liability than it would have had, had it been included in the Entergy consolidated tax return.  Beginning in 2008, Entergy Louisiana, LLC will join in the consolidated federal income tax return and participate in the Entergy System's intercompany tax allocation agreement.

225

(Entergy Corporation)

Entergy Corporation's holding company structure could limit its ability to pay dividends.

Entergy Corporation is a holding company with no material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. Accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. Entergy Corporation's ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends or distributions by its subsidiaries. The payments of dividends or distributions to Entergy Corporation by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. Provisions in the organizational documents, indentures for debt issuances and other agreements of certain of Entergy Corporation's subsidiaries restrict the payment of cash dividends to Entergy Corporation. For further information regarding dividend or distribution restrictions to Entergy Corporation, reference is made to the "COMMON EQUITY - Retained Earnings and Dividend Restrictions
" section of Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.

(Entergy Corporation)

Entergy Corporation's proposed separation of its Non-Utility Nuclear business is subject to risks inherent to a large-scale transaction subject to regulatory approvals and the completion of complex financings.

 The proposed separation of Entergy Corporation's Non-Utility Nuclear business is subject to multiple risks and uncertainties, including the risk that the spin-off will not be consummated, the risk that the financing transactions contemplated as part of the separation cannot be consummated on terms and conditions acceptable to Entergy Corporation or the risk that state and Federal regulatory jurisdictions may impose conditions to the transaction not acceptable to Entergy Corporation. If the separation is consummated, it is possible that Entergy Corporation or SpinCo (the term used to refer to the spun-off company) may not achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that they expect will result from the transaction or that such benefits may be delayed or not occur due to unforeseen changes in market and economic conditions or other events. As a result, the aggregate market price of the common stock of Entergy Corporation and SpinCo as separate companies could be less than the market price of Entergy Corporation's common stock if the separation and distribution had not occurred.

226

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Results of Operations

Net Income

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income decreased $34.0 million due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, and a higher effective income tax rate. The decrease was partially offset by higher net revenue.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net income decreased slightly, by $1.5 million, in 2006.

Net Revenue

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$1,074.5

Net wholesale revenue

13.2 

Transmission revenue

11.8 

Deferred fuel costs revisions

8.6 

Other

2.5 

2007 net revenue

$1,110.6

 The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to lower wholesale revenues in the third quarter 2006 due to an October 2006 FERC order requiring Entergy Arkansas to make a refund to a coal plant co-owner resulting from a contract dispute, in addition to re-pricing revisions, retroactive to 2003, of $5.9 million of purchased power agreements among Entergy system companies as directed by the FERC.

 The transmission revenue variance is primarily due to higher rates and the addition of new transmission customers in late 2006.

 The deferred fuel cost revisions variance is primarily due to the 2006 energy cost recovery true-up, made in the first quarter 2007, which increased net revenue by $6.6 million.

Gross operating revenue and fuel and purchased power expenses

 Gross operating revenues decreased primarily due to a decrease of $173.1 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to a decrease in the energy cost recovery rider effective April 2007. The energy cost recovery rider is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements. The decrease was partially offset by production cost allocation rider revenues of $124.1 million that became effective in July 2007 as a result of the System Agreement proceedings. 

227

As a result of the System Agreement proceedings, Entergy Arkansas also has a corresponding increase in fuel and purchased power expenses for payments to other Entergy system companies such that there is no effect on net income. The System Agreement proceedings are referenced below under "Significant Factors and Known Trends
." 

 Fuel and purchased power expenses decreased primarily due to a decrease in deferred fuel expense partially offset by the rough production cost equalization payments to affiliate companies as a result of the System Agreement litigation. 

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2006 to 2005.

Amount

(In Millions)

2005 net revenue

$1,010.7

Pass-through rider revenue

35.5 

Volume/weather

13.1 

Net wholesale revenue

10.6 

Other

4.6 

2006 net revenue

$1,074.5

 The pass-through rider revenue variance is primarily due to a change in 2006 in the accounting for city franchise tax revenues as directed by the APSC. The change results in an increase in rider revenue with a corresponding increase in taxes other than income taxes, resulting in no effect on net income.

 The volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase in electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather compared to 2005. Billed retail electricity usage increased by a total of 326 GWh.

 The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to improved results related to co-owner contracts and higher wholesale prices.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory credits

 Gross operating revenues increased primarily due to:

an increase of $212.8 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to increases in the energy cost recovery rider effective October 2005 and July 2006. The energy cost recovery rider is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements; 

an increase of $69.4 million in gross wholesale revenue due to an increase in volume as a result of more energy available for resale sales and new resource plan contracts with affiliated customers; 

an increase of $35.5 million in pass-through rider revenue, as discussed above; and

an increase of $13.1 million related to volume/weather, as discussed above.

The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $19 million in Grand Gulf revenues due to a decrease in the Grand Gulf rider effective January 2006.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses increased primarily due to higher deferred fuel expense as a result of higher fuel rates.

 Other regulatory charges decreased primarily due to a decrease of $22.3 million resulting from the under-recovery of Grand Gulf costs due to a decrease in the Grand Gulf rider effective January 2006. The rider has no material effect on net income due to the refund and/or recovery through annual adjustments to the rider. 

228

Other Income Statement Variances

2007 Compared to 2006

 Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $8.3 million related to expenses in connection with the nuclear operations fleet alignment, which is discussed in more detail in Note 13 to the financial statements; 

an increase of $5.9 million in legal spending due to increased litigation and legal fees;

an increase of $5.7 million in fossil spending due to outage scopes differing compared to prior year; and

an increase of $4.0 million in distribution spending due to vegetation maintenance work and increased contract labor costs.

Partially offsetting the increase was a $10.7 million decrease in payroll, payroll-related, and benefits costs and an environmental liability credit of $2.3 million for resolution of a pollution loss provision. 

 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to an increase in plant in service and a revision in 2006 of estimated depreciable lives involving certain intangible assets.

 Interest and other charges increased primarily due to higher interest accrued of $4.9 million recorded on advances from independent power producers.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $13.5 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefits costs;

an increase of $8 million in transmission equalization expenses;

an increase of $5.5 million in customer service support costs, including an increase in customer write-offs;

an increase of $5.4 million in nuclear spending due to higher NRC fees, security costs, emergency plan fees, and labor costs;

$4.1 million applied as a credit against bad debt expense in the first quarter 2005 in accordance with a settlement agreement with the APSC; and 

the receipt in 2005 of proceeds of $2.4 million from the radwaste settlement which is discussed in "Significant Factors and Known Trends - Central States Compact Claim
."

 Taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in city franchise tax expense due to a change in 2006 in the accounting for city franchise tax revenues as directed by the APSC. The change results in an increase in taxes other than income taxes with a corresponding increase in rider revenue, resulting in no effect on net income.

 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to an increase in plant in service and a revision in 2005 of estimated depreciable lives involving certain intangible assets.

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates for 2007, 2006, and 2005 were 38.1%, 24.7%, and 35.7%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35.0% to the effective income tax rate.

229

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005 were as follows:

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$34,815 

$9,393 

$89,744 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

366,137 

501,503 

507,711 

Investing activities

(290,149)

(280,420)

(488,718)

Financing activities

(110,591)

(195,661)

(99,344)

    Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(34,603)

25,422 

(80,351)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$212 

$34,815 

$9,393 

Operating Activities

 Cash flow from operations decreased $135.4 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to decreased recovery of fuel costs, income tax payments of $21.9 million in 2007 compared to income tax refunds of $27.1 million in 2006, and payments made in connection with the System Agreement proceedings. The decrease was offset by the timing of payments to vendors and collection of receivables from customers and a decrease of $107.6 million in pension contributions.

 Cash flow from operations decreased $6.2 million in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to an increase of $110.5 million in pension contributions, substantially offset by increased recovery of deferred fuel costs along with income tax refunds of $27.1 million in 2006 compared to income tax payments of $33.8 million in 2005. 

In the first quarter 2006, Entergy Corporation received an income tax refund as a result of net operating loss carryback provisions contained in the Gulf Opportunity Zone Act of 2005. In accordance with Entergy's intercompany tax allocation agreement, in April 2006 Entergy Corporation distributed $12 million of the refund to Entergy Arkansas.

Investing Activities

 Net cash flow used in investing activities increased $9.7 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to an increase in construction expenditures resulting from additional spending on substations and transmission lines. The increase was partially offset by money pool activity.

 Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $208.3 million in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to:

other regulatory investments of $197.6 million in 2005 that resulted from fuel cost under-recoveries that have been deferred and were expected to be recovered over a period greater than twelve months; and

a decrease of $58 million in construction expenditures primarily resulting from the steam generator and reactor vessel head replacement at ANO 1 in 2005.

The decreases were partially offset by money pool activity.

230

Financing Activities 

 Net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $85.1 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to money pool activity. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in common stock dividends paid.

 Net cash flow used in financing activities increased $96.3 million in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to an increase of $93.9 million in common stock dividends paid and money pool activity. The increase was partially offset by the net retirement of $54.8 million of long-term debt in 2005. 

Capital Structure

Entergy Arkansas' capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. 

December 31,
 2007

December 31,
2006

Net debt to net capital 

49.0%

47.5%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

0.0%

0.6%

Debt to capital 

49.0%

48.1%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of notes payable, capital lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and shareholders' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy Arkansas uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Arkansas' financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 Entergy Arkansas requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt and preferred stock maturities;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and

dividend and interest payments.

 Following are the amounts of Entergy Arkansas' planned construction and other capital investments, existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments), and other purchase obligations:

2008

2009-2010

2011-2012

after 2012

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1)

$581

$565

N/A

N/A

$1,146

Long-term debt

$64

$226

$119

$1,962

$2,371

Capital lease payments

$2

$1

$-

$2

$5

Operating leases

$23

$67

$12

$9

$111

Purchase obligations (2)

$552

$919

$552

$2,373

$4,396

Nuclear fuel lease obligations (3)

$49

$76

N/A

N/A

$125

(1)

Includes approximately $208 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy Arkansas, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the Unit Power Sales Agreement, which is discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

(3)

It is expected that additional financing under the leases will be arranged as needed to acquire additional fuel, to pay interest, and to pay maturing debt. If such additional financing cannot be arranged, however, Entergy Arkansas must repurchase sufficient nuclear fuel to allow the lessor to meet its obligations.

231

In addition to these contractual obligations, Entergy Arkansas expects to contribute $40.5 million to its pension plans and $18.8 million to other postretirement plans in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Arkansas' pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy Arkansas has $243.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy Arkansas also reflects capital required to support existing business and customer growth, including the planned acquisition of the Ouachita plant identified in Entergy's supply plan initiative, which is discussed below. The above amounts include approximately $24 million for installation of scrubbers and low NOx burners at Entergy Arkansas' White Bluff coal plant. The project is still in the planning stages and has not been designed, but the latest conceptual cost estimate indicates Entergy Arkansas' share of the project could cost approximately $375 million, including $195 million over the 2008-2010 period. Entergy Arkansas continues to review potential environmental spending needs and financing alternatives for any such spending, and future spending estimates could change based on the results of this continuing analysis. 

In July 2007, Entergy Arkansas announced that it had signed an agreement to purchase the Ouachita Generating Facility, a 789 MW power plant, from a subsidiary of Cogentrix Energy, Inc., for $210 million. The facility is a combined-cycle gas-fired generating facility located near the city of Sterlington in northern Louisiana. The facility entered commercial service in 2002.  Entergy Arkansas plans to invest approximately $40 million in spare parts purchases and plant improvements, and has estimated transaction costs and contingencies of $6 million. The acquisition also may require transmission upgrades by Entergy Louisiana in order for the facility to qualify as a network resource, which costs were recently estimated by the Independent Coordinator of Transmission for the Entergy System to be approximately $70 million, subject to additional evaluation.  The Ouachita plant will be 100 percent owned by Entergy Arkansas, and the acquisition is expected to close in 2008.  It is planned that, as part of the transaction, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana will purchase one-third of the capacity and output of the facility from Entergy Arkansas.  The purchase of the plant is contingent upon obtaining necessary approvals, including full cost recovery, from various federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies.  Entergy Arkansas filed with the APSC in September 2007 for its approval of the acquisition, including full cost recovery.  The APSC Staff and the Arkansas attorney general have supported Entergy Arkansas' acquisition of the plant, but oppose the sale of one-third of the capacity and energy to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana.  The industrial group AEEC has opposed Entergy Arkansas' purchase of the plant.  The Arkansas attorney general has opposed recovery of the non-fuel costs of the plant through a separate rider, while the APSC Staff recommended revisions to the rider.

In December 2007, the APSC issued an order approving recovery through a rider of the capacity costs associated with the interim tolling agreement, which will be in effect until APSC action on the acquisition of the plant. The APSC has scheduled a hearing in April 2008 to address Entergy Arkansas' request for acquisition of the plant and concurrent cost recovery. In January 2008 the FERC issued an order authorizing the acquisition. In November 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed a request with the LPSC for authorization to purchase one-third of the capacity and energy of the Ouachita plant during the term of the interim tolling agreement and for authorization to purchase one-third of the plant's capacity and energy on a life-of-unit basis after the plant's acquisition. In January 2008 the LPSC approved the recovery of costs associated with the interim tolling agreement. An LPSC hearing on approval of the purchase of one-third of the plant's capacity and energy on a life-of-unit basis is scheduled for June 2008. 

Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, market volatility, economic trends, environmental compliance, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

232

 As a wholly-owned subsidiary, Entergy Arkansas pays dividends to Entergy Corporation from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. Entergy Arkansas' long-term debt indentures restrict the amount of retained earnings available for the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred stock. As of December 31, 2007, Entergy Arkansas had restricted retained earnings unavailable for distribution to Entergy Corporation of $396.4 million.

Sources of Capital 

 Entergy Arkansas' sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt or preferred stock issuances; and

bank financing under new or existing facilities.

 Entergy Arkansas may refinance or redeem debt and preferred stock prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.

 All debt and common and preferred stock issuances by Entergy Arkansas require prior regulatory approval. Preferred stock and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in Entergy Arkansas' corporate charters, bond indentures, and other agreements. Entergy Arkansas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.

In April 2007, Entergy Arkansas renewed its credit facility through April 2008 and increased the amount of the credit facility to $100 million. The credit facility requires that Entergy Arkansas maintain total shareholders' equity of at least 25% of its total assets. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Entergy Arkansas credit facility as of December 31, 2007.

 Entergy Arkansas' receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

($77,882)

$16,109

($27,346)

$23,561

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.

 Entergy Arkansas has obtained a short-term borrowing authorization from the FERC under which it may borrow through March 31, 2008, up to the aggregate amount, at any one time outstanding, of $250 million. In January 2008, Entergy Arkansas filed an application with the FERC to extend the authorization period for its current short-term borrowing limits and money pool borrowing arrangement through March 2010. See Note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of Entergy Arkansas' short-term borrowing limits.

Significant Factors and Known Trends

State and Local Rate Regulation 

Retail Rates

 The rates that Entergy Arkansas charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy Arkansas is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. The APSC, a governmental agency, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers. 

233

 In August 2006, Entergy Arkansas filed with the APSC a request for a change in base rates. Entergy Arkansas requested a general base rate increase (using an ROE of 11.25%), which it subsequently adjusted to a request for a $106.5 million annual increase. Entergy Arkansas also requested recovery of FERC-allocated costs pursuant to the FERC decision on the System Agreement, and requested a capacity management rider to recover incremental capacity costs.

 In June 2007, after hearings on the filing, the APSC ordered Entergy Arkansas to reduce its annual rates by $5 million, and set a return on common equity of 9.9% with a hypothetical common equity level lower than Entergy Arkansas' actual capital structure. For the purpose of setting rates, the APSC disallowed a portion of costs associated with incentive compensation based on financial measures and

all costs associated with Entergy's stock-based compensation plans. In addition, under the terms of the APSC's decision, recovery of storm restoration costs in the future will be limited to a fixed annual amount of $14.4 million, regardless of the actual annual amount of future restoration costs. The APSC did state in a separate December 2007 order, however, that it will consider a petition for financial relief should Entergy Arkansas experience "extraordinary" storm restoration costs. 

 The APSC's June 2007 decision also threatens Entergy Arkansas' ability to recover $52 million of costs previously accumulated in Entergy Arkansas' storm reserve and $18 million of removal costs associated with the termination of a lease. Management believes, however, that Entergy Arkansas is entitled to recover these prudently incurred costs and will vigorously pursue its right to recover them. The APSC rejected Entergy Arkansas' request for a capacity management rider to recover incremental capacity costs.

 The APSC denied Entergy Arkansas' request for rehearing of its June 2007 decision, and the base rate change was implemented August 29, 2007, effective for bills rendered after June 15, 2007. In September 2007, Entergy Arkansas appealed the decision to the Arkansas Court of Appeals. In its Notice of Appeal, Entergy Arkansas states that the APSC's decision represents arbitrary decision-making and is unlawful. Entergy Arkansas filed its appellant's brief in January 2008 seeking a reversal of the APSC's decision on 16 issues. The appellees' briefs are due in March 2008.

 See Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' "MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - Significant Factors and Known Trends - Federal Regulation - 

System Agreement Litigation" for a discussion of Entergy's compliance filing in that proceeding. In its June 2007 decision on Entergy Arkansas' August 2006 rate filing, the APSC approved a production cost allocation rider for recovery from customers of the retail portion of the costs allocated to Entergy Arkansas as a result of the System Agreement litigation, but set a termination date of December 31, 2008 for the rider. In December 2007, the APSC issued a subsequent order stating the production cost allocation rider will remain in effect, and any future termination of the rider will be subject to eighteen months advance notice by the APSC, which would occur following notice and hearing.

Fuel and Purchased Power Cost Recovery

 Entergy Arkansas' retail rates include an energy cost recovery rider. In December 2007, the APSC issued an order stating that Entergy Arkansas' energy cost recovery rider will remain in effect, and any future termination of the rider will be subject to eighteen months advance notice by the APSC, which would occur following notice and hearing.

 In March 2007, Entergy Arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate and implemented a rate of $0.01179 per kWh in April 2007, which will be effective through March 2008. This updated rate was a reduction from the prior rate of $0.02827 per kWh filed with the APSC in March 2006. The March 2006 rate was significantly higher than prior periods due to increases in the cost of purchased power primarily due to increased natural gas cost and the effect that Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita had on market conditions, increased demand for purchased power during the ANO 1 refueling and steam generator replacement outage in the fall of 2005, and coal plant generation curtailments during off-peak periods due to railroad delivery problems.

234

APSC Investigations

 In September 2005, Entergy Arkansas had filed with the APSC an interim energy cost rate per the energy cost recovery rider, which provides for an interim adjustment should the cumulative over- or under-recovery for the energy period exceed 10 percent of the energy costs for that period. As of the end of July 2005, the cumulative under-recovery of fuel and purchased power expenses had exceeded the 10 percent threshold due to increases in purchased power expenditures resulting from higher natural gas prices. The interim cost rate of $0.01900 per kWh became effective the first billing cycle in October 2005.

 In early October 2005, the APSC initiated an investigation into Entergy Arkansas' interim energy cost rate. The investigation is focused on Entergy Arkansas' 1) gas contracting, portfolio, and hedging practices; 2) wholesale purchases during the period; 3) management of the coal inventory at its coal generation plants; and 4) response to the contractual failure of the railroads to provide coal deliveries. In March 2006, the APSC extended its investigation to cover the costs included in Entergy Arkansas' March 2006 filing that requested an energy cost rate of $0.02827 per kWh, suspended implementation of the $0.02827 per kWh energy cost rate, and ordered that the $0.01900 per kWh interim rate remain in effect pending the APSC proceedings on the energy cost recovery filings. On April 7, 2006, the APSC issued a show cause order in the investigation proceeding that ordered Entergy Arkansas to file a cost of service study by June 8, 2006. The order also directed Entergy Arkansas to file testimony to support the cost of service study, to support the $0.02827 per kWh cost rate, and to address the general topic of elimination of the energy cost recovery rider. 

 In June 2006, Entergy Arkansas filed a cost of service study and testimony supporting the redetermined energy cost rate of $0.02827 per kWh and testimony addressing the prospective elimination of the energy cost recovery rider as ordered by the APSC. Entergy Arkansas also filed a motion with the APSC seeking again to implement the redetermined energy cost rate of $0.02827 per kWh. After a hearing, the APSC approved Entergy Arkansas' request and the redetermined rate was implemented in July 2006, subject to refund pending the outcome of the APSC energy cost recovery investigation. A hearing was held in the APSC energy cost recovery investigation in October 2006. 

 In January 2007, the APSC issued an order in its review of Entergy Arkansas' September 2005 interim rate. The APSC found that Entergy Arkansas failed to maintain an adequate coal inventory level going into the summer of 2005 and that Entergy Arkansas should be responsible for any incremental energy costs resulting from two outages caused by employee and contractor error. The coal plant generation curtailments were caused by railroad delivery problems and Entergy is currently in litigation with the railroad regarding the delivery problems. The APSC staff was directed to perform an analysis with Entergy Arkansas' assistance to determine the additional fuel and purchased energy costs associated with these findings and file the analysis within 60 days of the order. After a final determination of the costs is made by the APSC, Entergy Arkansas would be directed to refund that amount with interest to its customers as a credit on the energy cost recovery rider. The order also stated that the APSC would address any additional issues regarding the energy cost recovery rider in Entergy Arkansas' rate case filed in August 2006. Entergy Arkansas requested rehearing of the order. In March 2007, in order to allow further consideration by the APSC, the APSC granted Entergy Arkansas' petition for rehearing and for stay of the APSC order. The APSC has taken no action in the proceeding since this March 2007 order.

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings

See "System Agreement Proceedings" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

235

Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding

See "Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Interconnection Orders

 See "Interconnection Orders" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Energy Policy Act of 2005

 See "Energy Policy Act of 2005" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion, including a discussion of the implications of repeal of PUHCA 1935 and ongoing FERC regulation under the Federal Power Act. 

Utility Restructuring

 In April 1999, the Arkansas legislature enacted Act 1556, the Arkansas Electric Consumer Choice Act, providing for competition in the electric utility industry through retail open access. In December 2001, the APSC recommended to the Arkansas General Assembly that legislation be enacted during the 2003 legislative session to either repeal Act 1556 or further delay retail open access until at least 2010. In February 2003, the Arkansas legislature voted to repeal Act 1556 and the repeal was signed into law by the governor.

Central States Compact Claim

 The Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980 holds each state responsible for disposal of low-level radioactive waste originating in that state, but allows states to participate in regional compacts to fulfill their responsibilities jointly.  Arkansas and Louisiana participate in the Central Interstate Low-Level Radioactive Waste Compact (Central States Compact or Compact).  Commencing in early 1988, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. and Entergy Louisiana made a series of contributions to the Central States Compact to fund the Central States Compact's development of a low-level radioactive waste disposal facility to be located in Boyd County, Nebraska.  In December 1998, Nebraska, the host state for the proposed Central States Compact disposal facility, denied the compact's license application for the proposed disposal facility.  Several parties, including the commission that governs the compact (the Compact Commission), filed a lawsuit against Nebraska seeking damages resulting from Nebraska's denial of the proposed facility's license.  After a trial, the U.S. District Court concluded that Nebraska violated its good faith obligations regarding the proposed waste disposal facility and rendered a judgment against Nebraska in the amount of $151 million.  In August 2004, Nebraska agreed to pay the Compact $141 million in settlement of the judgment. In July 2005, the Compact Commission decided to distribute a substantial portion of the proceeds from the settlement to the nuclear power generators that had contributed funding for the Boyd County facility, including Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. and Entergy Louisiana. On August 1, 2005, Nebraska paid $145 million, including interest, to the Compact, and the Compact distributed from the settlement proceeds $23.6 million to Entergy Arkansas, $19.9 million to Entergy Gulf States, Inc., and $19.4 million to Entergy Louisiana.  The proceeds were first applied to the existing regulatory asset, with the remainder causing an increase in pre-tax earnings of $7.4 million at Entergy Arkansas in 2005.

Nuclear Matters

Entergy Arkansas owns and operates, through an affiliate, the ANO 1 and ANO 2 nuclear power plants. Entergy Arkansas is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. These include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning

236

trusts. In the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of either ANO 1 or ANO 2, Entergy Arkansas may be required to file with the APSC a rate mechanism to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.

The nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials associated with components within the reactor coolant system. The issue is applicable to ANO and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines. Several major modifications to the ANO units have been implemented, with the most recent project being the replacement of the ANO 2 pressurizer during the fall 2006 refueling outage. In addition, a replacement reactor vessel head is being fabricated for ANO 2 at this time. Routine inspections of the existing ANO 2 reactor vessel head have identified no significant material degradation issues for that component. These inspections will continue at planned refueling outages.

Environmental Risks

 Entergy Arkansas' facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that Entergy Arkansas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of Entergy Arkansas' financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of Entergy Arkansas' financial position or results of operations.

Nuclear Decommissioning Costs 

See "Nuclear Decommissioning Costs" in the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy Arkansas records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified, defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
"
section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and

237

Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of
these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the
importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a
critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Qualified
Projected

Benefit Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$2,323

$21,917

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$1,295

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$1,017

$4,930

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated 
Postretirement Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$806

$4,477

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$486

$5,640

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy Arkansas in 2007 was $26.6 million. Entergy Arkansas anticipates 2008 qualified pension cost to decrease to $23.8 million. Entergy Arkansas' contributions to the pension trust were $7 million in 2007 and are currently estimated to be $40.5 million in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Arkansas' pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy Arkansas in 2007 were $15.6 million, including $5.5 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Arkansas expects 2008 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $16.4 million, including $5 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Arkansas expects to contribute $18.8 million to other postretirement plans in 2008.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

238

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Entergy Arkansas, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy Arkansas, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related statements of income, of retained earnings, and of cash flows (pages
240 through 244 and applicable items in pages 59 through 172) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy Arkansas, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 28, 2008

239

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$2,032,965  

$2,092,683  

$1,789,055 

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

132,830  

429,718  

22,151  

 Purchased power

818,549  

614,246  

755,277  

 Nuclear refueling outage expenses

28,511  

29,478  

27,892  

 Other operation and maintenance

458,042

437,574

392,777

Decommissioning

32,816  

30,695  

31,205  

Taxes other than income taxes

78,449  

75,585  

39,011  

Depreciation and amortization

228,354  

216,919  

203,836  

Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

(29,001)

(25,794)

959  

TOTAL

1,748,550  

1,808,421  

1,473,108  

OPERATING INCOME

284,415  

284,262  

315,947  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

11,143  

7,630  

11,614  

Interest and dividend income

19,116  

24,720  

22,941  

Miscellaneous - net

(3,263)

(4,115)

(2,408)

TOTAL

26,996  

28,235  

32,147  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

77,348  

76,932  

78,527  

Other interest - net

14,392  

8,877  

6,465  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(5,078)

(3,290)

(8,482)

TOTAL

86,662  

82,519  

76,510  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

224,749  

229,978  

271,584  

Income taxes

85,638

56,824

96,949

NET INCOME

139,111  

173,154  

174,635  

Preferred dividend requirements and other

6,873  

7,560  

7,776  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON STOCK

$132,238  

$165,594  

$166,859  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

240

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$139,111

$173,154

$174,635

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Reserve for regulatory adjustments

(16,248)

22,310

(3,231)

 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

(29,001)

(25,794)

959

 Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning

261,170

247,614

235,041

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

58,796

46,454

106,605

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

(24,958)

(49,943)

6,495

 Fuel inventory

2,468

(10,631)

(8,044)

 Accounts payable

327,578

(42,296)

64,558

 Taxes accrued

(37,161)

37,161

(35,874)

 Interest accrued

(2,132)

372

(2,169)

 Deferred fuel costs

(112,606)

202,025

773

 Other working capital accounts

(274,898)

(4,947)

(14,690)

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

(125)

1,576

(1,387)

 Changes in other regulatory assets

15,626

(39,128)

71,932

 Other

58,517

(56,424)

(87,892)

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

366,137

501,503

507,711

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

(304,901)

(259,409)

(317,112)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

11,143

7,630

11,614

Nuclear fuel purchases

(40,353)

(51,118)

(72,290)

Proceeds from sale/leaseback of nuclear fuel

42,444

49,027

72,290

Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales

96,034

105,658

203,772

Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds

(108,814)

(116,099)

(212,966)

Change in money pool receivable - net

14,298

(16,109)

23,561

Other regulatory investments

-

-

(197,587)

Net cash flow used in investing activities

(290,149)

(280,420)

(488,718)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of:

 Long-term debt

-

-

272,702

 Preferred stock

-

73,355

-

Retirement of long-term debt

-

-

(327,516)

Redemption of preferred stock

-

(75,885)

-

Change in money pool payable - net

77,882

(27,346)

27,346

Dividends paid:

 Common stock

(181,600)

(158,000)

(64,100)

 Preferred stock

(6,873)

(7,785)

(7,776)

Net cash flow used in financing activities

(110,591)

(195,661)

(99,344)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(34,603)

25,422

(80,351)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

34,815

9,393

89,744

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$212

$34,815

$9,393

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$80,762  

$73,250

$77,821

 Income taxes

$21,862  

($27,080)

$33,792

See Notes to Financial Statements.

241

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash

$212  

$2,849  

 Temporary cash investments - at cost,

 which approximates market

-  

31,966  

 Total cash and cash equivalents

212  

34,815  

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

85,414  

105,347  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(16,649)

(15,257)

 Associated companies

75,756  

57,554  

 Other

124,111  

114,108  

 Accrued unbilled revenues

68,240  

66,876  

 Total accounts receivable

336,872  

328,628  

Deferred fuel costs

114,763  

2,157  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

-  

19,232  

Fuel inventory - at average cost

20,505  

22,973  

Materials and supplies - at average cost

106,165  

100,061  

Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs

17,623  

23,678  

System agreement cost equalization

268,000  

-  

Prepayments and other

16,511  

6,368  

TOTAL

880,651  

537,912  

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Investment in affiliates - at equity

11,203  

11,206  

Decommissioning trust funds

466,348  

439,408  

Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

1,442  

1,446  

Other

5,391  

2,976  

TOTAL

484,384  

455,036  

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

6,792,825  

6,599,348  

Property under capital lease

2,436  

5,260  

Construction work in progress

146,651  

113,069  

Nuclear fuel under capital lease

124,585  

124,850  

Nuclear fuel

19,548  

21,044  

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

7,086,045  

6,863,571  

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

3,112,896  

2,986,576  

UTILITY PLANT - NET

3,973,149  

3,876,995  

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

93,557  

93,682  

 Other regulatory assets

534,937  

542,052  

 Deferred fuel costs

-  

-  

Other

33,128  

35,359  

TOTAL

661,622  

671,093  

TOTAL ASSETS

$5,999,806  

$5,541,036  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

242

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

$486,201  

$64,546  

 Other

100,246  

117,655  

Customer deposits

57,751  

49,978  

Taxes accrued

-  

37,161  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

26,964  

-  

Interest accrued

17,447  

19,579  

Obligations under capital leases

49,738  

56,265  

Other

10,890  

15,372  

TOTAL

749,237  

360,556  

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

1,330,324  

1,243,855  

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

55,854  

59,834  

Obligations under capital leases

77,283  

73,845  

Other regulatory liabilities

117,510  

103,350  

Decommissioning

505,626  

472,810  

Accumulated provisions

14,414  

14,539  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

260,381  

259,147  

Long-term debt

1,314,525  

1,306,201  

Other 

73,739  

96,623  

TOTAL

3,749,656  

3,630,204  

Commitments and Contingencies

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Preferred stock without sinking fund

116,350  

116,350  

Common stock, $0.01 par value, authorized 325,000,000

 shares; issued and outstanding 46,980,196 shares in 2007

 and 2006

470  

470  

Paid-in capital

588,527  

588,528  

Retained earnings

795,566  

844,928  

TOTAL

1,500,913  

1,550,276  

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

$5,999,806  

$5,541,036  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

243

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

STATEMENTS OF RETAINED EARNINGS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

Retained Earnings, January 1

$844,928 

$838,219 

$735,460 

 Add:

 Net income

139,111 

173,154 

174,635 

 Deduct:

 Dividends declared on common stock

181,600 

158,000 

64,100 

 Preferred dividend requirements and other

6,873 

8,445 

7,776 

 Total 

188,473 

166,445 

71,876 

Retained Earnings, December 31

$795,566 

$844,928 

$838,219 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

244

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$2,032,965 

$2,092,683 

$1,789,055 

$1,653,145 

$1,589,670 

Net Income

$139,111 

$173,154 

$174,635 

$142,210 

$126,009 

Total assets

$5,999,806 

$5,541,036 

$5,368,010 

$5,193,392 

$5,058,078 

Long-term obligations (1)

$1,391,808 

$1,380,046 

$1,353,462 

$1,253,301 

$1,406,026 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt) and noncurrent capital lease obligations.

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$690 

$706 

$620 

$539 

$526 

 Commercial

 409 

 418 

 348 

 305 

 291 

 Industrial

 407 

 436 

 362 

 318 

 305 

 Governmental

 19 

 19 

 18 

 16 

 15 

 Total retail

 1,525 

 1,579 

 1,348 

 1,178 

 1,137 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 302 

 328 

 192 

 250 

 234 

 Non-associated companies

 156 

 145 

 211 

 186 

 188 

 Other

 50 

 41 

 38 

 39 

 31 

 Total

$2,033 

$2,093 

$1,789 

$1,653 

$1,590 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 7,725 

 7,655 

 7,653 

 7,028 

 7,057 

 Commercial

 5,945 

 5,816 

 5,730 

 5,428 

 5,328 

 Industrial

 7,424 

 7,587 

 7,334 

 7,004 

 6,999 

 Governmental

 277 

 273 

 288 

 275 

 266 

 Total retail

 21,371 

 21,331 

 21,005 

 19,735 

 19,650 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 7,185 

 7,679 

 4,555 

 7,437 

 7,036 

 Non-associated companies

 2,651 

 2,929 

 4,103 

 4,911 

 5,399 

 Total

 31,207 

 31,939 

 29,663 

 32,083 

 32,085 

245

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Jurisdictional Separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas 

 Effective December 31, 2007, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. completed a jurisdictional separation into two vertically integrated utility companies, one operating under the sole retail jurisdiction of the PUCT, Entergy Texas, and the other operating under the sole retail jurisdiction of the LPSC, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Entergy Texas now owns all Entergy Gulf States, Inc. distribution and transmission assets located in Texas, the gas-fired generating plants located in Texas, undivided 42.5% ownership shares of Entergy Gulf States, Inc.'s 70% ownership interest in Nelson 6 and 42% ownership interest in Big Cajun 2, Unit 3, which are coal-fired generating plants located in Louisiana, and other assets and contract rights to the extent related to utility operations in Texas. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana now owns all of the remaining assets that were owned by Entergy Gulf States, Inc.  On a book value basis, approximately 58.1% of the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. assets were allocated to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and approximately 41.9% were allocated to Entergy Texas. 

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana remains primarily liable for all of the long-term debt issued by Entergy Gulf States, Inc. that was outstanding on December 31, 2007. Under a debt assumption agreement with Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Texas assumed its pro rata share of this long-term debt, which was approximately 46%. The pro rata share of the long-term debt assumed by Entergy Texas was determined by first determining the net assets for each company on a book value basis, and then calculating a debt assumption ratio that resulted in the common equity ratios for each company being approximately the same as the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. common equity ratio immediately prior to the jurisdictional separation. Entergy Texas' debt assumption does not discharge Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's liability for the long-term debt. To secure its debt assumption obligations, Entergy Texas granted to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana a first lien on Entergy Texas' assets that were previously subject to the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. mortgage. Entergy Texas has until December 31, 2010 to repay the assumed debt. In addition, Entergy Texas, as the owner of Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding I, LLC ("EGSRF I"), will report the $329.5 million of senior secured transition bonds ("securitization bonds") issued by EGSRF I as long-term debt on its consolidated balance sheet. The securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Texas.

Entergy Texas will purchase from Entergy Gulf States Louisiana pursuant to a life-of-unit purchased power agreement (PPA) a 42.5% share of capacity and energy from the 70% of River Bend subject to retail regulation. Entergy Texas was allocated a share of River Bend's nuclear and environmental liabilities that is identical to the share of the plant's output purchased by Entergy Texas under the PPA. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana will purchase a 57.5% share of capacity and energy from the gas-fired generating plants owned by Entergy Texas, and Entergy Texas will purchase a 42.5% share of capacity and energy from the gas-fired generating plants owned by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. The PPAs associated with the gas-fired generating plants will terminate when retail open access commences in Entergy Texas' jurisdiction or when the unit(s) is no longer dispatched by the Entergy System. If Entergy Texas implements retail open access, it will terminate its participation in the System Agreement, except for the portion of the System Agreement related to transmission equalization. The dispatch and operation of the generating plants will not change as a result of the jurisdictional separation.

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana must make a compliance filing in March 2008 with the LPSC regarding the jurisdictional separation transaction. Although formal approval of the PUCT was not required for implementation of the jurisdictional separation, Entergy Texas sought input from the PUCT and has kept the PUCT informed of the status of the separation.

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is the successor for financial reporting purposes to Entergy Gulf States, Inc. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's Income Statement and Cash Flow Statement for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2006, and 2007 include the operations of Entergy Texas. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's balance sheet as of December 31, 2007 reflects the effects of the separation of the Texas business. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's balance sheet as of December 31, 2006 includes the financial position of Entergy Texas.

246

Entergy Gulf States Pro Forma Financial Information (unaudited)

The accompanying unaudited pro forma financial information has been prepared to reflect the following transactions that occurred on December 31, 2007:

Entergy Texas, Inc., was formed;
all of the capital stock of Entergy Texas was issued directly to Entergy Corporation;
Entergy Gulf States, Inc. distributed all of its Texas jurisdictional assets to Entergy Texas; and
Entergy Gulf States, Inc. merged into the newly formed Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C.

These transactions implemented the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. jurisdictional separation plan that restructured Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into two separate, vertically-integrated utilities, one subject to the sole retail jurisdiction of the LPSC (Entergy Gulf States Louisiana) and the other subject to the sole retail jurisdiction of the PUCT (Entergy Texas). 

The unaudited pro forma income statement for the year ended December 31, 2007 has been prepared as if the transactions described above had occurred as of January 1, 2007. The unaudited pro forma financial information is for illustrative and informational purposes only and is not intended to represent, or be indicative of, what Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's results of operations would have been had the transactions described above occurred on January 1, 2007. The unaudited pro forma financial information also should not be considered representative of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's future results of operations. A pro forma balance sheet is not provided because Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's balance sheet as of December 31, 2007 reflects the effects of the separation of the Texas business.

247

Year ended December 31, 2007

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana Historical

Pro Forma Adjustments

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana Pro Forma

(In Thousands)

(unaudited)

OPERATING REVENUES

Domestic electric

$3,448,008 

($1,238,442)

$2,209,566 

Natural gas

86,604 

-   

86,604 

TOTAL

3,534,612 

(1,238,442)

2,296,170 

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

    gas purchased for resale

867,081 

(546,413)

320,668 

   Purchased power

1,339,986 

(232,938)

1,107,048 

   Nuclear refueling outage expenses

12,212  

- 

12,212 

   Other operation and maintenance

548,999  

(179,119)

369,880 

Decommissioning

11,728 

(173)

11,555 

Taxes other than income taxes

132,489 

(50,615)

81,874 

Depreciation and amortization

208,648 

(68,172)

140,476 

Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

29,923 

(16,808)

13,115 

TOTAL

3,151,066 

(1,094,238)

2,056,828 

OPERATING INCOME

383,546 

(144,204)

239,342 

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

11,666  

(3,295)

8,371 

Interest and dividend income

75,425  

28,715 

104,140 

Miscellaneous - net

1,724  

600 

2,324 

TOTAL

88,815 

26,020 

114,835 

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

149,464 

(14,231)

135,233 

Other interest - net

13,945  

(10,907)

3,038 

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(7,528)

2,126 

(5,402)

TOTAL

155,881 

(23,012)

132,869 

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

316,480 

(95,172)

221,308 

Income taxes

123,701 

(36,249)

87,452 

NET INCOME

192,779 

(58,923)

133,856 

Preferred distribution requirements and other

3,968 

- 

3,968 

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON EQUITY

$188,811 

($58,923)

$129,888 

248

The Pro Forma Adjustments column reflects the effects on Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's historical financial statements as if Entergy Gulf States, Inc. (Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's predecessor) had distributed its Texas jurisdictional assets to Entergy Texas as of January 1, 2007. These effects include:

Entergy Texas now owns all of the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. distribution and transmission assets located in Texas; all of the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. gas-fired generating plants located in Texas; and undivided 42.5% ownership shares of the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. 70% ownership interest in Nelson 6 and 42% ownership interest in Big Cajun 2, Unit 3, which are coal-fired generating plants located in Louisiana.
Entergy Texas will purchase from Entergy Gulf States Louisiana pursuant to a life-of-the unit purchased power agreement (PPA) a 42.5% share of capacity and energy from the 70% share of River Bend attributable to Entergy Gulf States Inc.'s 70% share of River Bend subject to retail regulation. Pursuant to another PPA, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana will purchase a 57.5% share of capacity and energy 
from the gas-fired generating plants owned by 
Entergy Texas, and Entergy Texas will purchase a 42.5% share of capacity and energy from the gas-fired generating plants owned by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Each utility continues to participate in the Entergy System Agreement. The income statement pro forma adjustments include the addition of revenues of $212 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 and the addition of purchased power expenses of $333 million for the year ended December 31, 2007 to reflect the estimated effects of transactions with Entergy Texas under the PPAs.

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana remains primarily liable on all of the long-term debt outstanding at December 31, 2007 that had been issued by Entergy Gulf States, Inc. Under a debt assumption agreement with Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Texas assumed its pro rata share of this long-term debt. The assumption does not discharge Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's liability on the long-term debt. In addition, Entergy Texas, as the owner of Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding I, LLC, will report the $329.5 million of senior secured transition bonds (securitization bonds) issued by Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding as long-term debt on its consolidated balance sheet. The securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Texas. The securitization bonds were formerly reported on the consolidated balance sheet of Entergy Gulf States, Inc.
Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has a $1.1 billion debt assumption asset for the long-term debt assumed by Entergy Texas. Under the debt assumption agreement, Entergy Texas has three years to pay off the assumed debt. The income statement pro forma adjustments include interest income on the assumption asset of $60 million for the year ended December 31, 2007.

Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina

 In August and September 2005, Hurricanes Katrina and Rita hit Entergy Gulf States Inc.'s jurisdictions in Louisiana and Texas. The storms resulted in power outages; significant damage to electric distribution, transmission, and generation infrastructure; and the temporary loss of sales and customers due to mandatory evacuations. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is pursuing a range of initiatives to recover storm restoration and business continuity costs and incremental losses. Initiatives include obtaining reimbursement of certain costs covered by insurance and pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by the FERC and local regulatory bodies, in combination with securitization.

Insurance Claims

 See Note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of Entergy's conventional property insurance program. Entergy has received a total of $134.5 million as of December 31, 2007 on its Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita insurance claims, including $69.5 million that Entergy received in the second quarter 2007 in settlement of its Hurricane Katrina claim with one of its two excess insurers. Of the $134.5 million received, $33.2 million has been allocated to Entergy Gulf States, Inc. (including $20.7 million to Entergy Texas). In the third quarter 2007, Entergy filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana against its other excess insurer on the Hurricane Katrina claim. At issue in the lawsuit is whether any policy exclusions limit the extent of coverage provided by that insurer.

249

 There was an aggregation limit of $1 billion for all parties insured by the primary insurer for any one occurrence at the time of the Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita losses, and the primary insurer notified Entergy that it expects claims for Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita to materially exceed this limit. Entergy currently estimates that its remaining net insurance recoveries for the losses caused by the hurricanes, including the effects of the primary insurance aggregation limit being exceeded and the litigation against the excess insurer, will be approximately $31 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana currently expects to receive payment for the majority of its estimated insurance recovery related to Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita through 2009.

Storm Costs Recovery Filings with Retail Regulators

Louisiana 

 In February 2007, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed a supplemental and amending application by which they seek authority from the LPSC to securitize their Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita storm cost recovery and storm reserve amounts, together with certain debt retirement costs and upfront and ongoing costs of the securitized debt issued. Securitization is authorized by a law signed by the Governor of Louisiana in May 2006. Hearings on the quantification of the amounts eligible for securitization began in late-April 2007. At the start of the hearing, a stipulation among Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, the LPSC staff, and most other parties in the proceeding was read into the record. The stipulation quantifies the balance of storm restoration costs for recovery as $545 million for Entergy Louisiana and $187 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, and sets the storm reserve amounts at $152 million for Entergy Louisiana and $87 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. The stipulation also calls for securitization of the storm restoration costs and storm reserves in those same amounts. In August 2007, the LPSC issued orders approving recovery of the stipulated storm cost recovery and storm reserve amounts plus certain debt retirement and upfront and ongoing costs through securitization financing. Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States are currently exploring their securitization options.

 In May 2006, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana completed the interim recovery of $6 million of storm costs through the fuel adjustment clause pursuant to an LPSC order. Beginning in September 2006, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's interim storm cost recovery of $0.85 million per month was instituted via the formula rate plan.  Interim recovery and carrying charges will continue until the securitization process is complete.

Texas

 In July 2006, Entergy Texas filed an application with the PUCT with respect to its Hurricane Rita reconstruction costs incurred through March 2006. The filing asked the PUCT to determine the amount of reasonable and necessary hurricane reconstruction costs eligible for securitization and recovery, approve the recovery of carrying costs, and approve the manner in which Entergy Texas allocates those costs among its retail customer classes. In December 2006, the PUCT approved $381 million of reasonable and necessary hurricane reconstruction costs incurred through March 31, 2006, plus carrying costs, as eligible for recovery. After netting expected insurance proceeds, the amount is $353 million.

 In April 2007, the PUCT issued its financing order authorizing the issuance of securitization bonds to recover the $353 million of hurricane reconstruction costs and up to $6 million of transaction costs, offset by $32 million of related deferred income tax benefits. In June 2007, Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding I, LLC (Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding), a company wholly-owned and consolidated by Entergy Texas, issued $329.5 million of senior secured transition bonds (securitization bonds). With the proceeds, Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding purchased from Entergy Texas the transition property, which is the right to recover from customers through a transition charge amounts sufficient to service the securitization bonds. Entergy Texas will use the proceeds to refinance or retire debt and to reduce equity. Entergy Texas began cost recovery through the transition charge in July 2007, and the transition charge is expected to remain in place over a 15-year period. See Note 5 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the securitization bonds.

250

Results of Operations

Net Income

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income decreased $19.2 million primarily due to a higher effective income tax rate, higher other operation and maintenance expenses, and higher interest and other charges. The decrease was partially offset by higher net revenue and higher other income.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net income increased $5.5 million primarily due to higher net revenue and higher other income, substantially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher taxes other than income taxes, and higher interest and other charges.

Net Revenue

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount 

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$1,275.0 

Volume/weather

19.7 

Transmission revenue

12.2 

Securitization transition charge

9.9 

Net wholesale revenue

7.9 

Fuel recovery

(23.7)

Purchased power capacity

(14.2)

Other

10.8 

2007 net revenue

$1,297.6 

 The volume/weather variance is primarily due to increased electricity usage primarily in the residential and commercial sectors, including increased usage during the unbilled sales period. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

 The transmission revenue variance is due to higher rates and the addition of new transmission customers in late-2006.

 The securitization transition charge variance is due to the issuance of securitization bonds. In June 2007, Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding I, LLC, a company wholly-owned and consolidated by Entergy Gulf States, Inc., issued securitization bonds and with the proceeds purchased from Entergy Gulf States, Inc. the transition property, which is the right to recover from customers through a transition charge amounts sufficient to service the securitization bonds. See Note 5 to the financial statements herein for details of the securitization bond issuance.

 The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to re-pricing revisions, retroactive to 2003, of $8.4 million of purchased power agreements among Entergy system companies as directed by the FERC.

251

 The fuel recovery variance resulted primarily from adjustments of fuel clause recoveries in the first quarter 2006 by Entergy Gulf States, Inc. for the Louisiana jurisdiction and a reserve for potential rate refunds in the first quarter 2007 by Entergy Gulf States, Inc. for the Texas jurisdiction as a result of a PUCT ruling related to the application of past PUCT rulings addressing transition to competition in Texas.

 The purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to ongoing purchased power capacity expense and the amortization of deferred capacity charges. A portion of the increase in purchased power capacity costs is being recovered through base rate increases implemented to recover incremental deferred and ongoing purchased power capacity charges. The base rate increases are discussed under "Significant Factors and Known Trends - State and Local Rate Regulation
" below and in Note 2 to the financial statements.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges 

 Gross operating revenues decreased primarily due to a decrease in fuel cost recovery revenues of $229.1 million due to lower fuel rates and refunds. Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of Entergy Texas' fuel refund filings with the PUCT. The decrease was partially offset by more favorable volume/weather and higher transmission revenue as discussed above and higher wholesale revenue from the system agreement cost equalization payments from Entergy Arkansas. The receipt of such payments for the Texas jurisdiction is being refunded to customers by crediting deferred fuel costs and reducing fuel rates ultimately charged to customers. As a result the system agreement cost equalization receipt and refund to customers have no effect on net income. 

 Fuel and purchased power expenses decreased primarily due to a decrease in deferred fuel expense as a result of a decrease in fuel cost recovery revenues, as discussed above. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in the average market prices of natural gas and purchased power. 

 Other regulatory charges increased primarily due to:

an increase of $10 million as a result of higher capacity charges and the amortization of capacity charges; and

the recovery of $9.9 million in the Texas jurisdiction, effective July 2007, of bond expenses related to the bond securitization, as discussed above. See Note 5 to the financial statements for details for details of the securitization bond issuance.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2006 to 2005.

Amount

(In Millions)

2005 net revenue

$1,191.7 

Base revenues

62.0 

Net wholesale revenue

29.3 

Volume/weather

20.6 

Fuel recovery

17.0 

Reserve equalization

12.3 

Price applied to unbilled electric sales

(51.4)

Purchased power capacity

(24.7)

Other

18.2 

2006 net revenue

$1,275.0 

 Base revenues increased due to increases in both the Louisiana and Texas jurisdictions. The increases in the Louisiana jurisdiction were effective in October 2005 for the 2004 formula rate plan filing and the annual revenue requirement related to the purchase of power from the Perryville generating station and in September 2006 for the 2005 formula rate plan filing that includes the recovery of incremental deferred and ongoing

252

 capacity requirement. The increases in the Texas jurisdiction are related to an incremental purchased capacity recovery rider that began in December 2005 and a transition to competition rider that began in March 2006. Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements and "Significant Factors and Known Trends - State and Local Rate Regulation
" herein for further discussion of the rate increases.

 The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to increased volume and higher margins on sales to municipal and co-op customers.

 The volume/weather variance is due to increased weather-adjusted electricity usage on billed sales in addition to an increase in usage during the unbilled sales period. Weather-adjusted retail electricity usage increased a total of 727 GWh. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

 The fuel recovery variance resulted primarily from adjustments of fuel clause recoveries in Entergy Gulf States, Inc.'s Louisiana jurisdiction. The variance is also due to increased fuel cost recovery in 2006 as a result of special rate contracts.

 The reserve equalization variance is due to lower payments in 2006 as a result of resource plan capacity purchases effective February 2006 and power purchases from the Perryville generating station effective July 2005, both of which reduced the amount of system-wide capacity allocated to Entergy Gulf States, Inc.

The price applied to unbilled electric sales variance is primarily due to the exclusion in 2006 of the fuel cost component in the calculation of the price applied to unbilled sales. Effective January 1, 2006, the fuel cost component is no longer included in the unbilled revenue calculation, which is in accordance with regulatory treatment. The variance is also due to lower base rates included in the unbilled revenue calculations. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

 The purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to an increase in capacity charges primarily associated with power purchases, which began in mid-2005, from the Perryville generating station in addition to new purchased power contracts in 2006. A portion of the increase in purchased power capacity costs is offset in base revenues due to base rate increases implemented to recover incremental deferred and ongoing purchased power capacity charges, as discussed above.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges (credits)

 Gross operating revenues increased primarily due to an increase of $299 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to higher fuel rates and higher volume. Also contributing to the increase was the base revenue increase of $62 million and the volume/weather variance of $20.6 million. The increases were partially offset by the decrease of $51.4 million in the price applied to unbilled electric sales and a decrease in gross wholesale revenue of $30 million.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses increased primarily due to an increase in deferred fuel expense due to higher fuel rates partially offset by decreases in the average market prices of natural gas and purchased power.

 Other regulatory charges increased primarily due to:

the deferral of under-recovered purchased power capacity costs in 2005 combined with the amortization of purchased power capacity costs in 2006. A rider was implemented in December 2005 in the Texas jurisdiction to recover incremental purchased power capacity costs and in September 2006 in the Louisiana jurisdiction to recover incremental and ongoing purchased power capacity costs;

the amortization of transition to competition costs. A rider was implemented effective March 2006 in the Texas jurisdiction to recover transition to competition costs incurred from June 1, 1999 through June 17, 2005; and

the interim recovery of storm costs as allowed by the LPSC.

253

Other Income Statement Variances

2007 Compared to 2006

Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $12.8 million in nuclear expenses due to a non-refueling plant outage, a higher radwaste accrual, and increased NRC fees;

an increase of $13 million in transmission spending due to higher transmission equalization expenses, additional costs related to the Independent Coordinator of Transmission, additional loss reserve accruals related to public liability litigation, and an increase in spending due to additional labor and material costs related to substation and transmission line maintenance;

an increase of $8 million in fossil expenses primarily due to plant maintenance outages in 2007;

an increase of $5 million in expenses in the fourth quarter 2007 in connection with the nuclear operations fleet alignment, which is discussed in more detail in Note 13 to the financial statements;

an increase of $4.1 million in vegetation maintenance expenses due to a planned decrease in vegetation maintenance in 2006;

an increase of $2.2 million due to unfavorable litigation resolutions; and

an increase of $2.2 million due to an increase in insurance premium expenses as a result of amending coverage in June 2006 and higher premiums.

The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $5.6 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefit costs and a decrease of $5.6 million due to a change in the accounting treatment of a gas storage facility which is included in fuel expense in 2007.

 Taxes other than income taxes decreased primarily due to lower Louisiana local franchise taxes primarily due to lower gross revenues in 2007.

 Other income increased primarily due to interest earned on money pool investments.

 Interest and other charges increased primarily due to the increase in long-term debt outstanding as a result of the issuance of securitization bonds during the second quarter 2007. See Note 5 to the financial statements herein for details of the securitization bond issuance.

2006 Compared to 2005

Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $16.7 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefits costs;

the receipt in 2005 of proceeds of $13.3 million from a radwaste settlement discussed below under "Central States Compact Claim";

an increase of $10 million in loss reserves for storm damages consistent with the formula rate plan rate change in October 2005;

an increase of $10.4 million in distribution and plant maintenance costs due to the return to normal operations work during 2006 versus storm restoration activities in 2005 as a result of the hurricanes;

an increase of $6.3 million due to the reclassification of storm restoration costs related to Hurricane Rita consistent with the recovery method approved by PUCT. The filing with the PUCT is discussed above under "Storm Costs Recovery Filings with Retail Regulators";

an increase of $5.1 million in customer service support costs, including an increase in customer write-offs; and
an increase of $3.3 million in nuclear labor and contract costs due to a non-refueling plant outage in February 2006.

The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $5.8 million due to a planned decrease in vegetation maintenance.

254

 Taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to higher Louisiana local franchise taxes primarily due to higher gross revenues in 2006 and lower franchise taxes in 2005 due to the refund to customers in 2005.

 Other income increased primarily due to the accrual of $24 million of carrying charges through December 31, 2006 on hurricane reconstruction costs approved by the PUCT. The PUCT approval and the securitization filing for the recovery of reconstruction costs are discussed above under "Storm Costs Recovery Filings with Retail Regulators".

Interest and other charges increased primarily due to the increase in long-term debt outstanding as a result of the funding of the storm restoration costs resulting from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates were 39.1%, 33.6%, and 34.8% for 2007, 2006, and 2005, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rate.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow 

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005 were as follows:

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$180,381 

$25,373 

$6,974 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

560,740 

782,103 

61,993 

Investing activities

(801,499)

(406,469)

(577,859)

Financing activities

168,414 

(220,626) 

534,265 

    Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(72,345)

155,008 

18,399 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$108,036 

$180,381 

$25,373 

Operating Activities

Cash flow from operations decreased $221.4 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to the timing of the collection of receivables from customers, decreased recovery of deferred fuel costs, and lower tax refunds. The decrease was partially offset by the timing of payments to vendors.

 Cash flow from operations increased $720.1 million in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to:

increases in the collections of deferred fuel costs and accounts receivables. Collections in 2005 were lower due to the effects of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, along with an increase in fuel prices;

the refund of $76 million to retail electricity customers in 2005; and 

income tax refunds of $61.9 million in 2006 compared to income tax payments of $14.5 million in 2005.

 In the first quarter 2006, Entergy Corporation received an income tax refund as a result of net operating loss carryback provisions contained in the Gulf Opportunity Zone Act of 2005. In accordance with Entergy's intercompany tax allocation agreement, in April 2006 Entergy Corporation distributed $23 million of the refund to Entergy Gulf States, Inc.

255

Investing Activities

 Net cash used in investing activities increased $395 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to the cash allocated to Entergy Texas in the jurisdictional separation transaction. Money pool activity also contributed to the increase in cash used.

 Net cash used in investing activities decreased $171.4 million in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to a decrease in under-recovered fuel and purchased power expenses of $138.9 million in the Texas jurisdiction that have been deferred and are expected to be collected over a period greater than twelve months and money pool activity. See Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for fuel costs.

Financing Activities 

 Financing activities provided cash of $168.4 million in 2007 compared to using cash of $220.6 million in 2006 primarily due to the issuance of $329.5 million in securitization bonds in 2007 and a decrease of $115.4 million in common equity distributions. See Note 5 to the financial statements for details of the securitization bond issuance.

 Financing activities used cash of $220.6 million in 2006 compared to providing cash of $534.3 million in 2005 primarily due to the following:

the net issuance of $363.6 million of long-term debt in 2005;

a capital contribution of $300 million in 2005 from Entergy Corporation; and

an increase of $151.3 million in common stock dividends paid.

The use of cash was partially offset by money pool activity.

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.

Capital Structure

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. The increase in the debt to capital for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana in 2007 is the result of the decrease in equity caused by the jurisdictional separation. In addition, the calculation below does not reduce the debt by the $1.1 billion of debt assumed by Entergy Texas because Entergy Gulf States Louisiana remains primarily liable on the debt.

December 31,
 2007

December 31,
 2006

Net debt to net capital 

64.4%

50.1%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

1.0%

1.9%

Debt to capital 

65.4%

52.0%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of notes payable, capital lease obligations, preferred membership interests with sinking fund, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and members' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt and preferred equity maturities;

256

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and

distribution and interest payments.

Following are the amounts of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments, existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments), and other purchase obligations: 

2008

2009-2010

2011-2012

after 2012

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1) 

$271

$257

N/A

N/A

$528

Long-term debt

$796

$712

$508

$1,262

$3,278

Operating leases

$12

$30

$15

$73

$130

Purchase obligations (2)

$105

$152

$42

$59

$358

Nuclear fuel lease obligations (3)

$29

$82

N/A

N/A

$111

(1)

Includes approximately $115 to $150 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, it primarily includes unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations.

(3)

It is expected that additional financing under the leases will be arranged as needed to acquire additional fuel, to pay interest, and to pay maturing debt. If such additional financing cannot be arranged, however, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana must repurchase sufficient nuclear fuel to allow the lessor to meet its obligations.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expects to contribute $37.7 million to its pension plans and $7.1 million to other postretirement plans in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has $185.0 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

 The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana reflects capital required to support existing business and customer growth. In January 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana signed an agreement to purchase the Calcasieu Generating Facility, a 322 MW power plant, from Dynegy Inc., for approximately $57 million. The facility is a simple-cycle gas-fired generating facility located near the city of Sulphur in southwestern Louisiana. Units 1 and 2 of the facility entered commercial service in 2000 and 2001, respectively. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana plans to invest approximately $6 million in facility upgrades at the Calcasieu generating facility with transaction costs estimated at $3 million, bringing the total capital cost of the project to approximately $66 million. The FERC and the LPSC have approved the acquisition, and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expects to complete the acquisition in March 2008.

 Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental compliance, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred membership interest maturities in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

 As an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's long-term debt indentures contain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred membership interests.

257

Sources of Capital 

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt or preferred membership interest issuances; and

bank financing under new or existing facilities.

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana may refinance or redeem debt and preferred equity/membership interests prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.

 All debt and common and preferred equity/membership interest issuances by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana require prior regulatory approval. Preferred equity/membership interest and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its corporate charter, bond indentures, and other agreements. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs. Entergy Gulf States, Inc. filed with the FERC an application, on behalf of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, for authority from the end of 2007 through March 31, 2010 to issue up to $200 million of short-term debt, up to $500 million of tax-exempt bonds and up to $750 million of other long-term securities, including common and preferred membership interests and long-term debt. On November 8, 2007 the FERC issued orders granting the requested authority for a two-year period from November 8, 2007.

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

$55,509

$75,048

$64,011

($59,720)

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. 

In August 2007, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. entered into a $200 million, 5-year bank credit facility, with the ability to issue letters of credit against the facility. The credit agreement requires the borrower to maintain a consolidated debt ratio of 65% or less of its total capitalization. Pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement, the amount of debt assumed by Entergy Texas is excluded from debt and capitalization in calculating the debt ratio. The facility has a variable interest rate that would be approximately 5.025% on borrowings under the facility, and has a facility fee that is currently 0.125% of the commitment amount. The facility fee and interest rate can fluctuate depending on the borrower's senior unsecured debt ratings. As of December 31, 2007, the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. credit facility split into two separate credit facilities, a $100 million credit facility available to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and a $100 million credit facility for Entergy Texas, each on the same terms as the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. facility. The Entergy Texas facility is expected to become available in March 2008 after the fulfillment of certain closing conditions.

There were no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under either of the facilities.

On November 20, 2007, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. terminated its previously existing $2 million credit facility.

At December 31, 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana had outstanding 100,000 units of no par value 8.25% Series Preferred Membership Interests that were initially issued by Entergy Gulf States, Inc. as preference stock. The preference shares were converted into the preferred units as part of the jurisdictional separation. The distributions are cumulative and payable quarterly beginning March 15, 2008. The preferred membership interests are redeemable on or after December 15, 2015, at Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's option, at the fixed redemption price of $100 per unit. 

258

In December 2007, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. redeemed all outstanding shares of the following series of preferred stock:

Series of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana Preferred Stock

Redemption Price Per Share

4.50% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$105.00

4.40% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$108.00

4.40% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$103.00

4.20% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$102.818

4.44% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$103.75

5.00% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$104.25

5.08% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$104.63

4.52% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$103.57

6.08% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$103.34

7.56% Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$101.80

Adjustable Rate A Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$100.00

Adjustable Rate B Preferred Stock, Cumulative, $100 par value

$100.00

Significant Factors and Known Trends 

State and Local Rate Regulation

 The rates that Entergy Gulf States Louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. A governmental agency, the LPSC is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.

Retail Rates - Electric

 In May 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2006 test year. The filing reflected a 10.0% return on common equity, which is within the allowed earnings bandwidth, and an anticipated formula rate plan decrease of $23 million annually attributable to adjustments outside of the formula rate plan sharing mechanism related to capacity costs and the anticipated securitization of storm costs related to Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita and the securitization of a storm reserve. In September 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana modified the formula rate plan filing to reflect a 10.07% return on common equity, which is still within the allowed bandwidth. The modified filing also reflected implementation of a $4.1 million rate increase, subject to refund, attributable to recovery of additional LPSC-approved incremental deferred and ongoing capacity costs. The rate decrease anticipated in the original filing did not occur because of the additional capacity costs approved by the LPSC, and because securitization of storm costs associated with Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita and the establishment of a storm reserve have not yet occurred. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is currently exploring its securitization options. In October 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana implemented a $16.4 million formula rate plan decrease that is due to the reclassification of certain franchise fees from base rates to collection via a line item on customer bills pursuant to an LPSC order. The LPSC staff issued its final report in December 2007, indicating a $1.6 million decrease in formula rate plan revenues for which interim rates were already in effect. In addition, the LPSC staff recommended that the LPSC give a one-year extension of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's formula rate plan to synchronize with the final year of Entergy Louisiana's formula rate plan, or alternatively, to extend the formula rate plan for a longer period. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana indicated it is amenable to a one-year extension. An uncontested stipulated settlement was filed in February 2008 that will leave the current base rates in place.

 In May 2006, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2005 test year. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana modified the filing in August 2006 to reflect an 11.1% return on common equity which is within the allowed bandwidth. The modified filing includes a formula rate plan increase of $17.2 million annually that provides for 1) interim recovery of $10.5 million of storm costs from Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita and 2) recovery of $6.7 million of LPSC-approved incremental deferred and ongoing capacity costs. The increase was implemented with the first billing cycle of September 2006. In May 2007 the LPSC approved a settlement between Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and the LPSC staff, affirming the rates that were implemented in September 2006.

259

 In June 2005, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the test year ending December 31, 2004. In March 2006, the LPSC approved an uncontested stipulated settlement that included a revenue requirement increase of $36.8 million, including increases related to the formula rate plan 2004 test year revenue requirement and the capacity costs associated with the purchase of power from the Perryville power plant.

 In March 2005, the LPSC approved a settlement proposal to resolve various dockets covering a range of issues for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana. The settlement resulted in credits totaling $76 million for retail electricity customers of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and credits totaling $14 million for retail electricity customers of Entergy Louisiana. The credits were issued to customers in connection with April 2005 billings. The net income effect of $48.6 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and $8.6 million for Entergy Louisiana was recognized primarily in 2004 when Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana recorded provisions for the expected outcome of the proceeding. The settlement includes the establishment of a three-year formula rate plan for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana that, among other provisions, establishes an ROE mid-point of 10.65% for the initial three-year term of the plan and permits Entergy Gulf States Louisiana to recover incremental capacity costs outside of a traditional base rate proceeding. Under the formula rate plan, over- and under-earnings outside an allowed range of 9.9% to 11.4% will be allocated 60% to customers and 40% to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its initial formula rate plan filing in June 2005. In addition, there is the potential to extend the formula rate plan beyond the initial three-year effective period by mutual agreement of the LPSC and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. 

Retail Rates - Gas

 In June 2005, the LPSC approved a rate stabilization plan with an ROE mid-point of 10.5%. 

In January 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed with the LPSC its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ending September 30, 2007.  The filing showed a revenue deficiency of $3.7 million based on a return on common equity mid-point of 10.5%.

In January 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed with the LPSC its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ending September 30, 2006.  The filing showed a revenue deficiency of $3.5 million based on a return on common equity mid-point of 10.5%.  In March 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed a set of rate and rider schedules that reflected all proposed LPSC staff adjustments and implemented a $2.4 million base rate increase effective with the first billing cycle of April 2007 pursuant to the rate stabilization plan.

 In January 2006, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed with the LPSC its gas rate stabilization plan. The filing showed a revenue deficiency of $4.1 million based on an ROE mid-point of 10.5%. In May 2006, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana implemented a $3.5 million rate increase pursuant to an uncontested agreement with the LPSC Staff.

Transition to Retail Competition

 In November 2001, the LPSC decided not to move forward with retail open access for any customers at this time. The LPSC instead directed its staff to hold collaborative group meetings concerning open access from time to time, and to have the LPSC staff monitor developments in neighboring states and to report to the LPSC regarding the progress of retail access developments in those states. In September 2004, in response to a study performed by the Louisiana State University Center for Energy Studies that evaluated a limited industrial-only retail choice program, the LPSC asked the LPSC staff to solicit comments and obtain information from utilities, customers, and other interested parties concerning the potential costs and benefits of a limited choice program, the impact of such a program on other customers, as well as issues such as

stranded costs and transmission service.  
Comments from interested parties were filed with the LPSC in January 2005. A technical conference was held in April 2005 and in May 2005 interested parties filed reply comments to arguments made at the technical conference. Entergy stated that it believes that there is no new information or credible evidence that would justify altering the LPSC's previous conclusion that retail access is not in the public interest.

260

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings

See "System Agreement Proceedings" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Interconnection Orders

 See "Interconnection Orders" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding

See "Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Energy Policy Act of 2005

 See "Energy Policy Act of 2005" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion, including a discussion of the implications of repeal of PUHCA 1935 and ongoing FERC regulation under the Federal Power Act. 

Central States Compact Claim

 The Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980 holds each state responsible for disposal of low-level radioactive waste originating in that state, but allows states to participate in regional compacts to fulfill their responsibilities jointly.  Arkansas and Louisiana participate in the Central Interstate Low-Level Radioactive Waste Compact (Central States Compact or Compact).  Commencing in early 1988, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. and Entergy Louisiana made a series of contributions to the Central States Compact to fund the Central States Compact's development of a low-level radioactive waste disposal facility to be located in Boyd County, Nebraska.  In December 1998, Nebraska, the host state for the proposed Central States Compact disposal facility, denied the compact's license application for the proposed disposal facility.  Several parties, including the commission that governs the compact (the Compact Commission), filed a lawsuit against Nebraska seeking damages resulting from Nebraska's denial of the proposed facility's license.  After a trial, the U.S. District Court concluded that Nebraska violated its good faith obligations regarding the proposed waste disposal facility and rendered a judgment against Nebraska in the amount of $151 million.  In August 2004, Nebraska agreed to pay the Compact $141 million in settlement of the judgment. In July 2005, the Compact Commission decided to distribute a substantial portion of the proceeds from the settlement to the nuclear power generators that had contributed funding for the Boyd County facility, including Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. and Entergy Louisiana. On August 1, 2005, Nebraska paid $145 million, including interest, to the Compact, and the Compact distributed from the settlement proceeds $23.6 million to Entergy Arkansas, $19.9 million to Entergy Gulf States, Inc., and $19.4 million to Entergy Louisiana.  The proceeds were first applied to the existing regulatory asset, with the remainder causing an increase in pre-tax earnings in 2005 of $16.7 million at Entergy Gulf States, Inc.

Industrial and Commercial Customers 

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's large industrial and
commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. In
particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of Entergy Gulf
States Louisiana's industrial customer base. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana

261

 responds by working with industrial and commercial
customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide competitive
rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. Entergy Gulf States
Louisiana actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and
reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both
new and existing customers. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana does not currently
expect additional significant losses to cogeneration because of the current
economics of the electricity markets and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's
marketing efforts in retaining industrial customers.

Nuclear Matters

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana owns and operates, through an affiliate, the River Bend nuclear power plant. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. These include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. In the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of River Bend, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.

Environmental Risks

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's financial position or results of operations.

Nuclear Decommissioning Costs

See "Nuclear Decommissioning Costs" in the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs. 

Application of SFAS 71 

The application of SFAS 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation," has a significant and pervasive impact on accounting and reporting for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. 

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's financial statements primarily reflect assets and costs based on existing cost-based ratemaking regulation in accordance with SFAS 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation." Under traditional ratemaking practice, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is granted a geographic franchise to sell electricity. In return, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana must make investments and incur obligations to serve customers. Prudently incurred costs are recovered from customers along with a return on investment. Regulators may require Entergy Gulf States Louisiana to defer collecting from customers some operating costs until a future date. These deferred costs are

262

 recorded as regulatory assets in the financial statements. In order to continue applying SFAS 71 to its financial statements, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's rates must be set on a cost-of-service basis by an authorized body and the rates must be charged to and collected from customers.

 If the generation portion of a utility company moves toward competition, it is possible that generation rates will no longer be set on a cost-of-service basis. If that occurs, the generation portion of the business could be required to discontinue application of SFAS 71. The result of discontinuing application of SFAS 71 would be the removal of regulatory assets and liabilities from the balance sheet, and could include the recording of asset impairments. This result is because some of the costs or commitments incurred under a regulated pricing system might be impaired or not recovered in a competitive market. These costs are referred to as stranded costs. 

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month, including fuel price. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period and fuel price fluctuations, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation. Effective January 1, 2006, the Louisiana portion of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. reclassified the fuel component of unbilled accounts receivable to deferred fuel and will no longer include the fuel component in the unbilled calculation, which is in accordance with regulatory treatment.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007 

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Qualified
 Projected 

Benefit Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$1,122

$10,324

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$727

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$495

$2,524

263

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands):

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated 
Postretirement Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$549

$2,976

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$346

$3,420

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana in 2007 was $5.8 million. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana anticipates 2008 qualified pension cost to decrease to $0.2 million. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana contributed $25.3 million to its qualified pension plans in 2007. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's contributions to the pension are currently estimated to be $37.8 million in 2008.   Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana in 2007 were $15.6 million, including $4.9 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expects 2008 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $15.6 million, including $3.5 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expects to contribute $7.1 million to its other postretirement plans in 2008.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

264

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Members
Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related statements of income; of members' equity and comprehensive income; and of cash flows (pages
266 through 270 and applicable items in pages 59 through 172) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

As discussed in Note 1 to the respective financial statements, the Company completed a jurisdictional separation on December 31, 2007. As part of the separation, the Company contributed certain assets and liabilities to Entergy Texas, Inc. and reflected the distribution in the accompanying balance sheet as of December 31, 2007.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 28, 2008

265

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$3,448,008  

$3,595,343  

$3,289,511  

Natural gas

86,604  

84,230  

77,660  

TOTAL

3,534,612  

3,679,573  

3,367,171  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

867,081  

1,110,987  

829,151  

 Purchased power

1,339,986  

1,288,137  

1,353,108  

 Nuclear refueling outage expenses

12,212  

16,653  

18,151  

 Other operation and maintenance

548,999

510,876

445,326

Decommissioning

11,728  

10,815  

9,483  

Taxes other than income taxes

132,489  

136,734  

125,263  

Depreciation and amortization

208,648  

206,736  

202,128  

Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

29,923  

5,451  

(6,799)

TOTAL

3,151,066  

3,286,389  

2,975,811  

OPERATING INCOME

383,546  

393,184  

391,360  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

11,666  

11,808  

18,757  

Interest and dividend income

75,425  

53,922  

21,375  

Miscellaneous - net

1,724  

2,933  

910  

TOTAL

88,815  

68,663  

41,042  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

149,464  

137,938  

116,633  

Other interest - net

13,945  

11,842  

10,155  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(7,528)

(6,988)

(11,153)

TOTAL

155,881  

142,792  

115,635  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

316,480  

319,055  

316,767  

Income taxes

123,701

107,067

110,270

NET INCOME

192,779  

211,988  

206,497  

Preferred distribution requirements and other

3,968  

3,966  

4,201  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON EQUITY

$188,811  

$208,022  

$202,296  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

266

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$192,779  

$211,988  

$206,497  

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Reserve for regulatory adjustments

 363

 (9,157)

 (64,802)

 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

 29,923

 5,451  

 (6,799)

 Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning

 220,376

 217,551  

 211,611  

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

 98,734

 123,354  

 155,849  

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

 (261,538)

 154,778  

 (147,085)

 Fuel inventory

 (18,377)

 (9,015)

 (10,538)

 Accounts payable

 38,685

 (69,624)

 99,581  

 Taxes accrued

 (27,781)

 27,781  

 (22,882)

 Interest accrued

 22,963

 145  

 1,596  

 Deferred fuel costs

 35,363

 264,153  

 (87,594)

 Other working capital accounts

 197,802

 14,178  

 7,660  

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

 (91,241)

 (3,488)

 (3,979)

 Changes in other regulatory assets

 116,317

 (138,461)

 (219,172)

  Other

 6,372  

 (7,531)

 (57,950)

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

560,740   

782,103  

61,993  

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

 (334,933)

 (375,664)

 (370,521)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

 11,666

 11,808  

 18,757  

Insurance proceeds

 6,580

 -  

 -  

Nuclear fuel purchases

 (72,493)

 (40,738)

 (1,297)

Proceeds from sale/leaseback of nuclear fuel

 54,362

 37,647  

 491  

Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales

 64,583

 60,053  

 38,070  

Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds

 (78,720)

(73,450)

 (51,178)

Collections remitted to transition charge account

(19,273)

- 

- 

Change in money pool receivable - net

(134,636)

(11,037)

(64,011)

Changes in other investments - net

 (1,553)

 (1,466)

 4,343  

Other regulatory investments

 -  

 (13,622)

 (152,513)

Cash allocated to Entergy Texas in jurisdictional separation

 (297,082)

 -  

 -  

Net cash flow used in investing activities

 (801,499)

 (406,469)

 (577,859)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt

 323,464

 -  

 929,782  

Retirement of long-term debt

 (5,530)

 -  

 (566,229)

Proceeds from a capital contribution

-

 -  

 300,000  

Change in money pool payable - net

-

-  

(59,720)

Proceeds from issuance of preferred membership interests

9,993

-  

-  

Redemption of preferred stock

 (57,827)

 (3,450)

 (3,450)

Dividends/distributions paid:

 Common equity

 (97,800)

 (213,200)

 (61,900)

 Preferred membership interests

 (3,886)

 (3,976)

 (4,218)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities

 168,414  

 (220,626)

 534,265  

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 (72,345)

 155,008  

 18,399  

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

 180,381  

 25,373  

 6,974  

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

 $108,036  

 $180,381  

 $25,373  

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

 $131,280  

 $140,204  

 $117,075  

 Income taxes

($5,938)

($61,870)

$14,450  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

267

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash

$233  

$2,923  

 Temporary cash investments - at cost,

 which approximates market

107,803  

177,458  

 Total cash and cash equivalents

108,036  

180,381  

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

62,408  

146,144  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(979)

(1,618)

 Associated companies

218,891  

106,990  

 Other

59,059  

50,811  

 Accrued unbilled revenues

54,021  

79,538  

 Total accounts receivable

393,400  

381,865  

Deferred fuel costs

5,644  

-  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

21,938  

20,352  

Fuel inventory - at average cost

31,810  

69,211  

Materials and supplies - at average cost

100,161  

120,245  

Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs

5,155  

12,971  

Debt assumption by Entergy Texas

309,123  

-  

Prepayments and other

23,533  

16,725  

TOTAL

998,800  

801,750  

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Decommissioning trust funds

366,062  

344,911  

Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

109,517  

94,776  

Other

17,350  

25,218  

TOTAL

492,929  

464,905  

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

6,132,362  

8,857,166  

Natural gas

98,484  

92,368  

Construction work in progress

141,528  

149,392  

Nuclear fuel under capital lease

110,769  

73,422  

Nuclear fuel

11,256  

10,821  

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

6,494,399  

9,183,169  

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

3,433,131  

4,263,307  

UTILITY PLANT - NET

3,061,268  

4,919,862  

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

299,023  

465,259  

 Other regulatory assets

335,897  

1,001,016  

 Deferred fuel costs

100,124  

100,124  

Long-term receivables

1,872  

9,833  

Debt assumption by Entergy Texas

769,971  

-  

Other

12,807  

23,928  

TOTAL

1,519,694  

1,600,160  

TOTAL ASSETS

$6,072,691  

$7,786,677  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

268

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Currently maturing long-term debt

$675,000  

 $ -  

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

201,217  

79,584  

 Other

111,579  

200,746  

Customer deposits

38,061  

68,844  

Taxes accrued

-  

27,781  

Interest accrued

29,398  

34,483  

Deferred fuel costs

-  

26,262  

Obligations under capital leases

28,795  

24,769  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

7,064  

7,662  

System agreement cost equalization

124,775  

-  

Other

9,052  

31,933  

TOTAL

1,224,941  

502,064  

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

1,219,568  

1,803,461  

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

95,745  

127,202  

Obligations under capital leases

81,974  

48,653  

Other regulatory liabilities

69,890  

53,648  

Decommissioning and asset retirement cost liabilities

204,828  

191,036  

Transition to competition

-  

79,098  

Regulatory reserves

-  

219  

Accumulated provisions

11,887  

21,245  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

102,510  

141,834  

Long-term debt

1,674,113  

2,358,327  

Preferred membership interests with sinking fund

-  

10,500  

Other 

87,468  

196,512  

TOTAL

3,547,983  

5,031,735  

Commitments and Contingencies

MEMBERS' EQUITY

Preferred membership interests without sinking fund

10,000  

47,327  

Minority interest

863  

-  

Members' equity

1,311,838  

2,225,465  

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(22,934)

(19,914)

TOTAL

1,299,767  

2,252,878  

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY

$6,072,691 

$7,786,677  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

269

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

STATEMENTS OF MEMBERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

MEMBERS' EQUITY

Members' Equity - Beginning of period

$2,225,465  

$2,230,643  

$1,790,247  

 Add:

 Net Income

 192,779  

$192,779  

 211,988  

$211,988  

 206,497  

$206,497  

 Additional equity from parent

-  

-  

 300,000  

 Total

 192,779  

 211,988  

 506,497  

 Deduct:

 Dividends/distributions declared:

 Common equity

 97,800  

 213,200  

 61,900  

 Preferred membership interests

 3,968  

 3,968  

 3,966  

 3,966  

 4,201  

 4,201  

 Entergy Texas, Inc. paid-in capital

 631,994  

-  

-  

 Entergy Texas, Inc. shareholders' equity

 49,452  

-  

-  

 Entergy Texas, Inc. retained earnings

322
,808  

-  

-  

 Other

384  

-  

-  

 Total

 1,106,406  

 217,166  

 66,101  

Members' Equity - End of period

$1,311,838  

$2,225,465  

$2,230,643  

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 

LOSS (Net of Taxes):

Balance at beginning of period:

 Pension and other postretirement liabilities

($19,914)

 $ -  

 $ -  

 Other accumulated comprehensive income (loss) items

-  

(1,409)

714  

 Total

($19,914)

($1,409)

$714  

Minimum pension liability (net of tax expense (benefit) of $0,
  $31 and ($214))

-  

-  

1,941  

1,941  

(2,233)

(2,233)

Pension and other postretirement liabilities (net of tax expense
  (benefit) of $4,550, ($24,944) and $0)

(3,020)

(3,020)

(19,622)

-  

Net unrealized investment gains (losses)

-  

-  

(824)

(824)

110  

110  

Balance at end of period:

 Pension and other postretirement liabilities

(22,934)

(19,914)

-  

 Other accumulated comprehensive loss items

 -  

 -  

 (1,409)

 Total

($22,934)

($19,914)

($1,409)

Comprehensive Income

$185,791  

$209,139  

$200,173  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

270

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$3,534,612 

$3,679,573 

$3,367,171 

$2,882,384 

$2,639,737 

Net Income

$192,779 

$211,988 

$206,497 

$192,264 

$45,262 

Total assets

$6,072,691 

$7,786,677 

$7,809,497 

$6,655,402 

$6,854,862 

Long-term obligations (1)

$1,756,087 

$2,417,480 

$2,392,804 

$1,946,589 

$2,051,083 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt), preferred membership interests with sinking fund, and noncurrent capital lease obligations.

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$1,042 

$1,122 

$960 

$881 

$829 

 Commercial

 817 

 883 

 734 

 672 

 614 

 Industrial

 1,035 

 1,150 

 1,014 

 976 

 853 

 Governmental

 45 

 49 

 41 

 37 

 39 

 Total retail

2,939 

3,204 

2,749 

 2,566 

 2,335 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 233 

 145 

 186 

 52 

 42 

 Non-associated companies

 196 

 199 

 188 

 160 

 150 

 Other

 80 

 47 

 167 

 43 

 53 

 Total

$3,448 

$3,595 

$3,290 

$2,821 

$2,580 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 10,215 

 10,110 

 10,024 

 9,803 

 9,739 

 Commercial

 8,980 

 8,838 

 8,486 

 8,444 

 8,174 

 Industrial

 15,012 

 15,065 

 14,967 

 16,596 

 15,417 

 Governmental

 448 

 454 

 441 

 432 

 475 

 Total retail

 34,655 

 34,467 

 33,918 

 35,275 

 33,805 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 2,488 

 3,259 

 3,213 

 1,528 

 1,185 

 Non-associated companies

 2,900 

 2,896 

 2,804 

 3,172 

 3,358 

 Total

 40,043 

 40,622 

 39,935 

 39,975 

 38,348 

271

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina

 In August and September 2005, Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, along with extensive flooding that resulted from levee breaks in and around Entergy Louisiana's service territory, caused catastrophic damage. The storms and flooding resulted in widespread power outages; significant damage to distribution, transmission, and generation infrastructure; and the temporary loss of sales and customers due to mandatory evacuations and destruction of homes and businesses due to wind, rain, and extended periods of flooding. Entergy is pursuing a broad range of initiatives to recover storm restoration and business continuity costs and incremental losses. Initiatives include obtaining reimbursement of certain costs covered by insurance and pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by the FERC and local regulatory bodies, in combination with securitization. 

Insurance Claims

 See Note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of Entergy's conventional property insurance program. Entergy has received a total of $134.5 million as of December 31, 2007 on its Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita insurance claims, including $69.5 million that Entergy received in the second quarter 2007 in settlement of its Hurricane Katrina claim with one of its two excess insurers. Of the $134.5 million received, $24.8 million has been allocated to Entergy Louisiana. In the third quarter 2007, Entergy filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana against its other excess insurer on the Hurricane Katrina claim. At issue in the lawsuit is whether any policy exclusions limit the extent of coverage provided by that insurer.

 There was an aggregation limit of $1 billion for all parties insured by the primary insurer for any one occurrence at the time of the Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita losses, and the primary insurer notified Entergy that it expects claims for Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita to materially exceed this limit. Entergy currently estimates that its remaining net insurance recoveries for the losses caused by the hurricanes, including the effects of the primary insurance aggregation limit being exceeded and the litigation against the excess insurer, will be approximately $27 million for Entergy Louisiana, primarily for Hurricane Katrina losses. Entergy Louisiana currently expects to receive payment for the majority of its estimated insurance recovery related to Hurricane Katrina through 2009.

Storm Costs Recovery Filing with Retail Regulator

 In February 2007, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed a supplemental and amending application by which they seek authority from the LPSC to securitize their Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita storm cost recovery and storm reserve amounts, together with certain debt retirement costs and upfront and ongoing costs of the securitized debt issued. Securitization is authorized by a law signed by the Governor of Louisiana in May 2006. Hearings on the quantification of the amounts eligible for securitization began in late-April 2007. At the start of the hearing, a stipulation among Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, the LPSC staff, and most other parties in the proceeding was read into the record. The stipulation quantifies the balance of storm restoration costs for recovery as $545 million for Entergy Louisiana and $187 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, and sets the storm reserve amounts at $152 million for Entergy Louisiana and $87 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. The stipulation also calls for securitization of the storm restoration costs and storm reserves in those same amounts. In August 2007, the LPSC issued orders approving recovery of the stipulated storm cost recovery and storm reserve amounts plus certain debt retirement and upfront and ongoing costs through securitization financing. Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana are currently exploring their securitization options.

 In April 2006, Entergy Louisiana completed the interim recovery of $14 million of storm costs through the fuel adjustment clause pursuant to an LPSC order. Beginning in September 2006, Entergy Louisiana's interim storm cost recovery of $2 million per month was instituted via the formula rate plan. Interim recovery and carrying charges will continue until the securitization process is complete. 

272

Results of Operations

Net Income

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income increased $5.7 million primarily due to higher net revenue and lower depreciation and amortization expenses, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses and lower other income.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net income increased $9.5 million primarily due to higher net revenue, lower taxes other than income taxes, and higher other income, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses.

Net Revenue

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$942.1 

Base revenues

78.4 

Volume/weather

37.5 

Transmission revenue

9.2 

Purchased power capacity

(80.0)

Other

3.9 

2007 net revenue

$991.1 

 The base revenues variance is primarily due to increases effective September 2006 for the 2005 formula rate plan filing to recover LPSC-approved incremental deferred and ongoing capacity costs. See "Significant Factors and Known Trends - State and Local Rate Regulation
" below and Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan filing.

 The volume/weather variance is due to increased electricity usage, including electricity sales during the unbilled service period. Billed retail electricity usage increased a total of 666 GWh in all sectors compared to 2006. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

 The transmission revenue variance is primarily due to higher rates.

 The purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to higher purchased power capacity charges and the amortization of capacity charges effective September 2006 as a result of the formula rate plan filing in May 2006. A portion of the purchased power capacity costs is offset in base revenues due to a base rate increase implemented to recover incremental deferred and ongoing purchased power capacity charges, as mentioned above. See "Significant Factors and Known Trends - State and Local Rate Regulation
" below and Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan filing.

273

Gross operating revenues, fuel, purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges (credits)

Gross operating revenues increased primarily due to:

an increase of $143.1 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to higher fuel rates and usage; 

an increase of $78.4 million in base revenues, as discussed above; and

an increase of $37.5 million related to volume/weather, as discussed above.

Fuel and purchased power expenses increased primarily due to an increase in net area demand and an increase in deferred fuel expense as a result of higher fuel rates, as discussed above.

Other regulatory credits decreased primarily due to the deferral of capacity charges in 2006 in addition to the amortization of these capacity charges in 2007 as a result of the May 2006 formula rate plan filing (for the 2005 test year) with the LPSC to recover such costs through base rates effective September 2006. See Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan and storm cost recovery filings with the LPSC.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2006 to 2005.

Amount

(In Millions)

2005 net revenue

$931.5 

Base revenues

40.3 

Net wholesale revenue

12.6 

Storm cost recovery

8.3 

Price applied to unbilled electric sales

6.7 

Rate refund provisions

5.0 

Purchased power capacity

(31.6)

Volume/weather

(23.3)

Reserve equalization

(13.0)

Other

5.6 

2006 net revenue

$942.1 

 The base revenues variance is primarily due to increases effective September 2006 for the 2005 formula rate plan filing to recover LPSC-approved incremental deferred and ongoing capacity costs and for the interim recovery of storm costs. See "Significant Factors and Known Trends - State and Local Rate Regulation
" below and Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan filing.

 The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to the sale of 75% of the generation pursuant to a long-term power purchase agreement from the Perryville plant to Entergy Gulf States, Inc. for a full year in 2006 compared to a partial year in 2005. 

 The storm cost recovery variance is due to the return earned on the interim recovery of storm-related costs in 2006 as allowed by the LPSC. The storm cost recovery filings are discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

 The price applied to unbilled electric sales variance is due to the exclusion in 2006 of the fuel cost component in the calculation of the price applied to unbilled sales. Effective January 1, 2006, the fuel cost component is no longer included in the unbilled revenue calculation, which is in accordance with regulatory treatment. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

274

 The rate refund provisions variance is primarily due to provisions recorded in 2005 as a result of the March 2005 Global Settlement with the LPSC.

 The purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to higher purchased power capacity charges and the amortization of capacity charges effective September 2006 as a result of the formula rate plan filing in May 2006. A portion of the purchased power capacity costs is offset in base revenues due to a base rate increase implemented to recover incremental deferred and ongoing purchased power capacity charges, as mentioned above. See "Significant Factors and Known Trends - State and Local Rate Regulation
" below and Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan filing.

 The volume/weather variance is primarily due to decreased usage during the unbilled sales period and less favorable weather compared to 2005 on billed sales primarily in the residential sector. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in weather-adjusted electricity usage, which increased by a total of 735 GWh.

 The reserve equalization variance is primarily due to a revision made in 2005 of reserve equalization payments among Entergy companies due to a FERC ruling regarding the inclusion of interruptible loads in reserve equalization calculations.

Gross operating revenues, fuel, purchased power expenses, and other regulatory credits

 Gross operating revenues decreased primarily due to:

a decrease of $129.2 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to lower fuel rates; 

a decrease of $125.2 million in gross wholesale revenue due to lower fuel rates; and

a decrease of $23.3 million in volume/weather, as discussed above.

The decrease was partially offset by:

an increase of $40.3 million in base revenues, as discussed above; 

an increase of $6.7 million in the price applied to unbilled electric sales, as discussed above; and

an increase of $5.0 million due to lower rate refund provisions, as discussed above.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses decreased primarily due to decreases in the market prices of natural gas and purchased power.

 Other regulatory credits decreased primarily due to:

the deferral of purchased power capacity charges in 2005;

the amortization of capacity charges in 2006 as a result of the May 2006 formula rate plan filing with the LPSC to recover such costs through base rates effective September 2006, as discussed above; and

the amortization of storm costs as a result of the interim recovery in 2006 as allowed by the LPSC.

See Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan and storm cost recovery filings with the LPSC.

Other Income Statement Variances

2007 Compared to 2006

 Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $8.7 million in nuclear spending due to a non-refueling outage and higher NRC fees;

an increase of $6.8 million due to higher insurance premiums and the timing of premium payments in 2007 compared to 2006; 

275

an increase of $6.8 million in customer service costs, primarily a result of an increase in the write-offs of uncollectible customer accounts;

an increase of $3.8 million in distribution labor, contract costs, and maintenance due 

to the return to 
normal operations work in 2007 versus storm restoration activities in 2006 as a result of the hurricanes;
an increase of $3.2 million in expenses in the fourth quarter 2007 in connection with the nuclear operations fleet alignment, which is discussed in more detail in Note 13 to the financial statements;

an increase of $3.4 million in vegetation maintenance expenses due to a planned decrease in vegetation maintenance in 2006; and

an increase of $2.5 million in transmission spending due to costs related to the Independent Coordinator of Transmission.

The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $4.1 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefits costs and a environmental liability credit of $2.0 million for resolution of a pollution loss provision.

Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased primarily due to a revision in the third quarter 2007 related to depreciation previously recorded on storm-related assets. Recovery of the cost of those assets will now be through the securitization of storm costs approved by the LPSC in the third quarter 2007. The securitization approval is discussed above under "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina
." The decrease was partially offset by higher depreciation expense as a result of an increase in plant in service and a revision recorded in 2006 of estimated depreciable lives involving certain intangible assets.

 Other income decreased primarily due to:

a decrease of $8.3 million related to proceeds received in 2006 from the radwaste settlement discussed in " Significant Factors and Known Trends -

Central States Compact Claim" below;

a decrease in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to more construction work in progress in 2006 as a result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita; and

a decrease of $1.6 million in interest earned on deferred capacity charges as a result of the recovery of deferred capacity charges.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $13.7 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefits costs;

an increase of $10.8 million in fossil expenses as a result of a fossil plant maintenance outage in 2006 and the Perryville plant coming online in July 2005;

an increase of $7.1 million due to the return to normal operations work during 2006 versus storm restoration activities in 2005 as a result of the hurricanes; 

an increase of $3.8 million in environmental expenses because of a credit in the third quarter 2005 that reduced an environmental reserve liability; and

an increase of $2.0 million in customer service support costs.

The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $3.5 million due to a planned decrease in vegetation maintenance.

 Taxes other than income taxes decreased primarily due to decreased franchise taxes as a result of the merger-by-division that created Entergy Louisiana, LLC.

Other income increased primarily due to: 

the write-off of $7.1 million in June 2005 of a portion of the customer care system investment and the related allowance for equity funds used during construction pursuant to an LPSC-approved settlement; and

an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to an increase in construction work in progress as a result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.

276

The increase was partially offset by the $2.5 million of deferred capacity interest adjustments related to the formula rate plan filed with the LPSC in May 2006.

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates for 2007, 2006, and 2005 were 36.8%, 36.3%, and 43.0%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35.0% to the effective income tax rate.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow 

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005 were as follows:

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$2,743 

$105,285 

$146,049 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

353,217 

413,017 

171,076 

Investing activities

(297,460)

(479,276)

(549,453)

Financing activities

(58,200)

(36,283)

337,613 

    Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

(2,443)

(102,542)

(40,764)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$300 

$2,743 

$105,285 

Operating Activities

 Cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $59.8 million in 2007 primarily due to:

the timing of collections of receivables from customers and payments to vendors, including the catch-up in receivable collections in 2006 due to delays caused by the hurricanes in 2005; and

an increase of $74.2 million in income tax payments.

The decrease was partially offset by increased recovery of deferred fuel costs and pension contributions of $54 million in 2006.

 Cash flow provided by operating activities increased $241.9 million in 2006 primarily due to the effect that Hurricane Katrina had on collections from customers in 2005, partially offset by a decrease in fuel cost recoveries, an increase of $54 million in pension contributions, and an increase of $33.7 million in income tax payments.

Investing Activities

 The decrease of $181.8 million in net cash used by investing activities in 2007 was primarily due to:

higher distribution and transmission construction expenditures in 2006 due to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita;

a decrease in 2006 due to capacity costs that were deferred and expected to be recovered over a period greater than twelve months; and

insurance proceeds received in 2007 relating to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.

The decrease was partially offset by higher spending on nuclear projects in 2007.

277

 The decrease of $70.2 million in net cash used by investing activities in 2006 was primarily due to the purchase of the Perryville plant in June 2005 for $162 million and a decrease of $15.9 million in capacity costs that have been deferred and are expected to be recovered over a period greater than twelve months. The decrease was offset by an increase of $64.5 million in distribution construction expenditures due to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and money pool activity. 

Financing Activities

 Net cash flow used in financing activities increased $21.9 million primarily due to a $50 million equity contribution in 2006 from its parent, Entergy Louisiana Holdings, Inc., and money pool activity. The increase was partially offset by the payment of $40 million on a credit facility in 2006 and the retirement of $25 million of long-term debt in 2006. 

Entergy Louisiana's financing activities used $36.3 million in 2006 compared to providing $337.6 million in 2005 primarily due to:

the net issuance of $182.6 million of long-term debt in 2005;

the issuance of $100 million of preferred membership interests in 2005;

money pool activity; 

borrowings of $40 million on a credit facility in 2005, which was paid in 2006; and

the retirement of $25 million of long-term debt in 2006.

Partially offsetting the above was the payment of $51.6 million in common stock dividends in 2005 and a $50 million equity contribution from its parent, Entergy Louisiana Holdings, Inc., in 2006.

See Note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.

Capital Structure

Entergy Louisiana's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. The decrease in the debt to capital for Entergy Louisiana as of December 31, 2007 is primarily due to an increase in members' equity resulting from net income in 2007.

December 31,
 2007

December 31,
2006

Net debt to net capital 

43.4%

46.4%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

0.0%

0.0%

Debt to capital 

43.4%

46.4%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of notes payable, capital lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and members' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy Louisiana uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Louisiana's financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 Entergy Louisiana requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt and preferred equity maturities;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and

distribution and interest payments.

278

Following are the amounts of Entergy Louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments, existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments), and other purchase obligations:

2008

2009-2010

2011-2012

After 2012

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1)

$591

$1,560

N/A

N/A

$2,151

Long-term debt 

$76

$376

$173

$1,426

$2,051

Operating leases 

$9

$15

$10

$7

$41

Purchase obligations (2)

$676

$1,183

$979

$3,455

$6,293

Nuclear fuel lease obligations (3)

$43

$2

N/A

N/A

$45

(1)

Includes approximately $182 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy Louisiana, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the Vidalia purchased power agreement and the Unit Power Sales Agreement, both of which are discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

(3)

It is expected that additional financing under the lease will be arranged as needed to acquire additional fuel, to pay interest, and to pay maturing debt. If such additional financing cannot be arranged, however, Entergy Louisiana must repurchase sufficient nuclear fuel to allow the lessor to meet its obligations.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above, Entergy Louisiana expects to contribute $9.5 to its other postretirement plans in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Louisiana's pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy Louisiana has $52.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. 

The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy Louisiana reflects capital required to support existing business and customer growth, including the replacement of the Waterford 3 steam generators and the repowering of the Little Gypsy Unit 3, each of which are discussed below. The planned expenditures also include $30 million for potential transmission upgrades related to the planned Ouachita power plant acquisition by Entergy Arkansas; however, the Independent Coordinator of Transmission for the Entergy System has recently estimated the costs of those grades to be approximately $70 million, subject to additional evaluation.

 In April 2007, Entergy Louisiana announced that it plans to pursue the solid fuel repowering of a 538 MW unit at its Little Gypsy plant.  Petroleum coke and coal will be the unit's primary fuel sources.  In July 2007, Entergy Louisiana filed with the LPSC for approval of the repowering project, and stated that it expects to spend $1.55 billion on the project. In addition to seeking a finding that the project is in the public interest, the filing with the LPSC asks that Entergy Louisiana be allowed to recover a portion of the project's financing costs during the construction period. Hearings were held in October 2007, and the LPSC approved the certification of the project in November 2007, subject to several conditions. One of the conditions is the development and approval of a construction monitoring plan. The approval allowed Entergy Louisiana to order equipment, such as boiler and piping components, so that components can be manufactured to keep the project on schedule. A decision regarding whether to allow Entergy Louisiana to recover a portion of the project's financing costs during the construction period was deferred to Phase II of the proceedings. In December 2007, Entergy Louisiana filed testimony in the Phase II proceeding seeking financing cost recovery and proposing a procedure for synchronizing future base rate recovery by a formula rate plan or base rate filing of the project's non-fuel costs. Phase II hearings are scheduled to begin in May 2008. In December 2007, Entergy Louisiana signed a target cost contract with the engineering, procurement, and construction services contractor, and issued the contractor a notice to proceed with construction. Entergy Louisiana expects the project to be completed in 2012.

279

Entergy Louisiana plans to replace the Waterford 3 steam generators, along with the reactor vessel closure head and control element drive mechanisms, in 2011.  Replacement of these components is common to pressurized water reactors throughout the nuclear industry.  The nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials associated with these components within the reactor coolant system.  The issue is applicable to Waterford 3 and is managed in accordance with standard industry practices and guidelines.  Routine inspections of the steam generators during Waterford 3's Fall 2006 refueling outage identified additional degradation of certain tube spacer supports in the steam generators that required repair beyond that anticipated prior to the outage.  Corrective measures were successfully implemented to permit continued operation of the steam generators. While potential future replacement of these components had been contemplated, additional steam generator tube and component degradation necessitates replacement of the steam generators as soon as reasonably achievable.  The earliest the new steam generators can be manufactured and delivered for installation is 2011. A mid-cycle outage performed in 2007 supports Entergy Louisiana's 2011 replacement strategy. The reactor vessel head and control element drive mechanisms will be replaced at the same time, utilizing the same reactor building construction opening that is necessary for the steam generator replacement.  Entergy Louisiana estimates that it will spend approximately $485 million on this project.

Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental compliance, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

The Federal Power Act restricts the ability of a public utility to pay distributions out of capital. As a result of its restructuring and the related accounting, Entergy Louisiana, LLC applied to the FERC for a declaratory order to pay distributions on its common and preferred membership interests from the following sources: (1) the amount of Entergy Louisiana, Inc.'s retained earnings immediately prior to its restructuring on December 31, 2005; (2) an amount in excess of the amount in (1) over a transition period not expected to last more than 3 years as long as Entergy Louisiana, LLC's proprietary capital ratio is, and will remain, above 30%; and (3) the amount of Entergy Louisiana, LLC's retained earnings after the restructuring. The FERC granted the declaratory order on January 23, 2006. Distributions paid by Entergy Louisiana, LLC on its common membership interests to Entergy Louisiana Holdings may, in turn, be paid by Entergy Louisiana Holdings to Entergy Corporation without the need for FERC approval. As a wholly-owned subsidiary, Entergy Louisiana Holdings dividends its earnings to Entergy Corporation at a percentage determined monthly.

Sources of Capital 

 Entergy Louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt or preferred membership interest issuances; and

bank financing under new and existing facilities.

 Entergy Louisiana may refinance or redeem debt and preferred membership interests prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and distribution rates are favorable.

 All debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by Entergy Louisiana require prior regulatory approval. Preferred membership interest and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in corporate charters, bond indentures, and other agreements. Entergy Louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.

280

Entergy Louisiana's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

($2,791)

($54,041)

($68,677)

$40,549

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.

On August 2, 2007, Entergy Louisiana entered into a $200 million, 5-year bank credit facility. Entergy Louisiana has the ability to issue letters of credit against the facility. The credit agreement requires Entergy Louisiana to maintain a consolidated debt ratio of 65% or less of its total capitalization. The facility has a variable interest rate that would currently be approximately 5.48% on borrowings under the facility, and has a facility fee that is currently 0.09% of the commitment amount. The facility fee and interest rate can fluctuate depending on the senior unsecured debt ratings of Entergy Louisiana. As of December 31, 2007, there were no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under the Entergy Louisiana $200 million facility.

 The FERC has issued two orders authorizing long- and short-term securities issuances by Entergy Louisiana, LLC. The short-term authority extends through March 31, 2008 in an aggregate amount, at any one time outstanding, of up to $250 million. The long-term authority also extends through March 31, 2008. In January 2008, Entergy Louisiana filed applications with the FERC to extend the authorization period for its current short-term borrowing limits and long-term securities issuances until March 2010.

Significant Factors and Known Trends

State and Local Rate Regulation

 The rates that Entergy Louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy Louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. A governmental agency, the LPSC, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.

 In May 2007, Entergy Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2006 test year, indicating a 7.6% return on common equity. The $6.9 million rate decrease anticipated in this original filing did not occur because securitization of storm costs associated with Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita and the establishment of a storm reserve have not yet occurred. Entergy Louisiana is currently exploring its securitization options. The May 2007 filing also included Entergy Louisiana's request to recover $39.8 million in unrecovered fixed costs associated with the loss of customers that resulted from Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, which if approved by the LPSC would increase the return on common equity under the original filing to 9.4%, which is within the band of no change adjacent to the lower end of the sharing bandwidth. In September 2007, Entergy Louisiana modified its formula rate plan filing to reflect its implementation of certain adjustments proposed by the LPSC staff in its review of Entergy Louisiana's original filing with which Entergy Louisiana agreed, and to reflect its implementation of an $18.4 million annual formula rate plan rate increase comprised of (1) a $23.8 million increase representing 60% of Entergy Louisiana's revenue deficiency, and (2) a $5.4 million decrease for reduced incremental and deferred capacity costs. The LPSC authorized Entergy Louisiana to defer for accounting purposes the difference between its $39.8 million claim for unrecovered fixed costs and 60% of the revenue deficiency to preserve Entergy Louisiana's right to pursue that claim in full during the formula rate plan proceeding. In October 2007, Entergy Louisiana implemented a $7.1 million formula rate plan decrease that is due primarily to the reclassification of certain franchise fees from base rates to collection via a line item on customer bills pursuant to an LPSC order. The LPSC staff and intervenors have recommended disallowance of certain costs included in Entergy Louisiana's filing, including stock option costs and transmission restructuring costs. Entergy Louisiana disagrees with these proposed adjustments. Hearings in the 2006 test year formula rate plan proceedings are scheduled for August 2008.

 In May 2006, Entergy Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2005 test year. Entergy Louisiana modified the filing in August 2006 to reflect a 9.45% return on equity which is within the allowed bandwidth. The modified filing includes an increase of $24.2 million

281

 for interim recovery of storm costs from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and a $119.2 million rate increase to recover LPSC-approved incremental deferred and ongoing capacity costs. The filing requested recovery of approximately $50 million for the amortization of capacity deferrals over a three-year period, including carrying charges, and approximately $70 million for ongoing capacity costs. The increase was implemented, subject to refund, with the first billing cycle of September 2006. Entergy Louisiana subsequently updated its formula rate plan rider to reflect adjustments proposed by the LPSC Staff with which it agrees. The adjusted return on equity of 9.56% remains within the allowed bandwidth. Ongoing and deferred incremental capacity costs were reduced to $118.7 million. The updated formula rate plan rider was implemented, subject to refund, with the first billing cycle of October 2006. Resolution of this proceeding is still pending.

 Entergy Louisiana made a rate filing with the LPSC requesting a base rate increase in January 2004. In May 2005 the LPSC approved a settlement that resulted in a net $0.8 million annual rate reduction. Entergy Louisiana reduced rates effective with the first billing cycle in July 2005. The May 2005 rate settlement includes the adoption of a three-year formula rate plan, the terms of which include an ROE mid-point of 10.25% for the initial three-year term of the plan and permit Entergy Louisiana to recover incremental capacity costs outside of a traditional base rate proceeding. Under the formula rate plan, over- and under-earnings outside an allowed regulatory range of 9.45% to 11.05% will be allocated 60% to customers and 40% to Entergy Louisiana. The initial formula rate plan filing was made in May 2006 as discussed above. In addition, there is the potential to extend the formula rate plan beyond the initial three-year effective period by mutual agreement of the LPSC and Entergy Louisiana.

 In March 2005, the LPSC approved a settlement proposal to resolve various dockets covering a range of issues for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana. The settlement resulted in credits totaling $76 million for retail electricity customers of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and credits totaling $14 million for retail electricity customers of Entergy Louisiana. The credits were issued to customers in connection with April 2005 billings. The net income effect of $48.6 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and $8.6 million for Entergy Louisiana was recognized primarily in 2004 when Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana recorded provisions for the expected outcome of the proceeding.

In addition to rate proceedings, Entergy Louisiana's fuel costs recovered from customers are subject to regulatory scrutiny. This regulatory risk represents Entergy Louisiana's largest potential exposure to price changes in the commodity markets.

 Entergy Louisiana's retail rate matters and proceedings, including fuel cost recovery-related issues, are discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings

 See "System Agreement Proceedings" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion.

Interconnection Orders

 See "Interconnection Orders" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion.

282

Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding 

See "Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion.

Energy Policy Act of 2005

 See "Energy Policy Act of 2005" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion, including a discussion of the implications of repeal of PUHCA 1935 and ongoing FERC regulation under the Federal Power Act. 

Utility Restructuring

 In November 2001, the LPSC decided not to move forward with retail open access for any customers at this time. The LPSC instead directed its staff to hold collaborative group meetings concerning open access from time to time, and to have the LPSC staff monitor developments in neighboring states and to report to the LPSC regarding the progress of retail access developments in those states. In September 2004, in response to a study performed by the Louisiana State University Center for Energy Studies that evaluated a limited industrial-only retail choice program, the LPSC asked the LPSC staff to solicit comments and obtain information from utilities, customers, and other interested parties concerning the potential costs and benefits of a limited choice program, the impact of such a program on other customers, as well as issues such as

stranded costs and transmission service.  
Comments from interested parties were filed with the LPSC in January 2005. A technical conference was held in April 2005 and in May 2005 interested parties filed reply comments to arguments made at the technical conference. Entergy stated that it believes that there is no new information or credible evidence that would justify altering the LPSC's previous conclusion that retail access is not in the public interest.

Central States Compact Claim

 The Low-Level Radioactive Waste Policy Act of 1980 holds each state responsible for disposal of low-level radioactive waste originating in that state, but allows states to participate in regional compacts to fulfill their responsibilities jointly.  Arkansas and Louisiana participate in the Central Interstate Low-Level Radioactive Waste Compact (Central States Compact or Compact).  Commencing in early 1988, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. and Entergy Louisiana made a series of contributions to the Central States Compact to fund the Central States Compact's development of a low-level radioactive waste disposal facility to be located in Boyd County, Nebraska.  In December 1998, Nebraska, the host state for the proposed Central States Compact disposal facility, denied the compact's license application for the proposed disposal facility.  Several parties, including the commission that governs the compact (the Compact Commission), filed a lawsuit against Nebraska seeking damages resulting from Nebraska's denial of the proposed facility's license.  After a trial, the U.S. District Court concluded that Nebraska violated its good faith obligations regarding the proposed waste disposal facility and rendered a judgment against Nebraska in the amount of $151 million.  In August 2004, Nebraska agreed to pay the Compact $141 million in settlement of the judgment. In July 2005, the Compact Commission decided to distribute a substantial portion of the proceeds from the settlement to the nuclear power generators that had contributed funding for the Boyd County facility, including Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. and Entergy Louisiana. On August 1, 2005, Nebraska paid $145 million, including interest, to the Compact, and the Compact distributed from the settlement proceeds $23.6 million to Entergy Arkansas, $19.9 million to Entergy Gulf States, Inc., and $19.4 million to Entergy Louisiana.  A liability was recorded in 2005 for the portion of the proceeds previously recovered from ratepayers, with the remainder of the proceeds causing an increase in pre-tax earnings in 2005 of $4.6 million at Entergy Louisiana.

Nuclear Matters

Entergy Louisiana owns and operates, through an affiliate,
the Waterford 3 nuclear power plant. Entergy Louisiana is, therefore, subject to
the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. These include risks
from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level
radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes
resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of
insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear
operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to

283

decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed
lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. In the
event of an unanticipated early shutdown of Waterford 3, Entergy Louisiana may
be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory
requirements for decommissioning.

The nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials associated with components within the reactor coolant system.  The issue is applicable to Waterford 3 and is managed in accordance with standard industry practices and guidelines.  As discussed above in more detail, Entergy Louisiana plans to replace the Waterford 3 steam generators, along with the reactor vessel closure head and control element drive mechanisms, in 2011.

Environmental Risks

 Entergy Louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that Entergy Louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of Entergy Louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of Entergy Louisiana's financial position or results of operations.

Nuclear Decommissioning Costs 

 See "Nuclear Decommissioning Costs" in the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy Louisiana records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month, including fuel price. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period and fuel price fluctuations, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation. Effective January 1, 2006, Entergy Louisiana reclassified the fuel component of unbilled accounts receivable to deferred fuel and will no longer include the fuel component in the unbilled calculation, which is in accordance with regulatory treatment.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting

284

mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Projected
Qualified Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$1,307

$12,651

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$918

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$584

$2,867

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated
Postretirement Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$538

$2,956

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$320

$3,639

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy Louisiana in 2007 was $9.7 million. Entergy Louisiana anticipates 2008 qualified pension cost to decrease to $7 million due to an increase in the discount rate (from 6.00% to 6.50%) used to calculate benefit obligations. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Louisiana's pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy Louisiana in 2007 were $15.7 million, including $3 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Louisiana expects 2008 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $16.7 million, including $2.8 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Louisiana expects to contribute $9.5 million to its other postretirement plans in 2008.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

285

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Members
Entergy Louisiana, LLC:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy Louisiana, LLC (the "Company") as of December 31, 2007 and 2006 and the related statements of income; of members' equity and comprehensive income; and of cash flows (pages
287 through 292 and applicable items in pages 59 through 172) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy Louisiana, LLC as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 28, 2008

286

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

 (In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$2,737,552  

$2,451,258  

$2,650,181  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

887,749  

710,746  

916,779  

 Purchased power

814,779  

824,645  

872,026  

 Nuclear refueling outage expenses

17,664  

15,337  

15,351  

 Other operation and maintenance

427,241  

394,390  

356,084  

Decommissioning

18,530  

17,245  

18,785  

Taxes other than income taxes

60,293  

61,168  

73,860  

Depreciation and amortization

178,841  

186,021  

186,281  

Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

43,949  

(26,257)

(70,119)

TOTAL

2,449,046  

2,183,295  

2,369,047  

OPERATING INCOME

288,506  

267,963  

281,134  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

11,119  

14,229  

10,251  

Interest and dividend income

8,901  

12,997  

19,882  

Miscellaneous - net

(3,497)

2,725  

(7,539)

TOTAL

16,523  

29,951  

22,594  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

74,021  

81,563  

73,691  

Other interest - net

11,708  

10,653  

11,727  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(7,531)

(10,258)

(6,591)

TOTAL

78,198  

81,958  

78,827  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

226,831  

215,956  

224,901  

Income taxes

83,494  

78,338  

96,819  

NET INCOME

143,337  

137,618  

128,082  

Preferred distribution requirements and other

6,950  

6,950  

-  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON EQUITY

$136,387  

$130,668  

$128,082  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

287

(Page left blank intentionally)

288

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$143,337

$137,618

$128,082

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Reserve for regulatory adjustments

-

7,635

(13,674)

 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

43,949

(26,257)

(70,119)

 Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning

197,371

203,266

205,066

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

(26,634)

38,290  

185,140  

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

(65,082)

140,690

(112,828)

 Accounts payable

(74,923)

50,499

40,382

 Taxes accrued

1,519  

(23,997)

81,280  

 Interest accrued

(750)

2,047

10,004

 Deferred fuel costs

95,094

(92,423)

(13,231)

 Other working capital accounts

46,418  

4,739  

(26,873)

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

(5,393)

2,060

512

 Changes in other regulatory assets

(23,829)

16,555

(111,641)

 Other

22,140  

(47,705)

(131,024)

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

353,217

413,017

171,076

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

(321,506)

(449,015)

(389,220)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

11,119

14,229

10,251

Insurance proceeds

10,065

-

-

Nuclear fuel purchases 

(3,131)

(55,994)

(54,498)

Proceeds from the sale/leaseback of nuclear fuel

14,306

44,819

54,158

Payment for purchase of plant

-

-

(162,075)

Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales

23,848  

20,179  

107,291

Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds

(32,161)

(29,079)

(115,552)

Change in money pool receivable - net

-

-

40,549

Other regulatory investments

-

(24,415)

(40,357)

Net cash flow used in investing activities

(297,460)

(479,276)

(549,453)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of:

 Long-term debt

-

-

401,928

 Preferred membership interests

-

-

97,982

Additional equity from parent

1,119

50,013

-

Retirement of long-term debt

-

(25,000)

(219,374)

Change in money pool payable - net

(51,250)

(14,636)

68,677

Changes in short-term borrowings

-

(40,000)

40,000

Dividends/distributions paid:

 Common equity

-

-

(51,600)

 Preferred membership interests

(8,069)

(6,660)

-

Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities

(58,200)

(36,283)

337,613

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents

(2,443)

(102,542)

(40,764)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

2,743

105,285

146,049

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$300

$2,743

$105,285

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$82,584  

$86,229  

$71,831  

 Income taxes

$119,080  

$44,830  

$11,116  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

289

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

$300  

$2,743  

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

96,679  

97,207  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(1,988)

(1,856)

 Associated companies

91,873  

28,621  

 Other

14,186  

22,652  

 Accrued unbilled revenues

75,860  

69,628  

 Total accounts receivable

276,610  

216,252  

Deferred fuel costs

-  

46,310  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

15,229  

-  

Materials and supplies - at average cost

108,959  

98,284  

Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs

7,080  

23,639  

Prepayments and other

7,820  

5,769  

TOTAL

415,998  

392,997  

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Decommissioning trust funds

221,971  

208,926  

Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

1,488  

1,670  

Note receivable - Entergy New Orleans

9,353  

-  

Other

4  

4  

TOTAL

232,816  

210,600  

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

6,550,597  

6,693,633  

Property under capital lease

253,387  

252,972  

Construction work in progress

276,974  

190,454  

Nuclear fuel under capital lease

44,532  

82,464  

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

7,125,490  

7,219,523  

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

3,095,473  

2,959,422  

UTILITY PLANT - NET

4,030,017  

4,260,101  

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

117,322  

157,789  

 Other regulatory assets

832,449  

539,309  

 Deferred fuel costs

67,998  

67,998  

Long-term receivables

2,982  

5,986  

Other

23,539  

20,062  

TOTAL

1,044,290  

791,144  

TOTAL ASSETS

$5,723,121  

$5,654,842  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

290

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

$65,930  

$160,555  

 Other

148,651  

203,076  

Customer deposits

79,013  

72,579  

Taxes accrued

7,756  

6,237  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

-  

32,026  

Interest accrued

29,739  

30,489  

Deferred fuel costs

48,784  

-  

Obligations under capital leases

42,714  

39,067  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

8,772  

8,276  

System agreement cost equalization

46,000  

-  

Other

18,961  

30,425  

TOTAL

496,320  

582,730  

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

1,803,430  

1,827,900  

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

86,045  

89,242  

Obligations under capital leases

1,818  

43,397  

Other regulatory liabilities

127,836  

50,210  

Decommissioning

257,066  

238,536  

Accumulated provisions

18,405  

23,798  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

145,786  

146,646  

Long-term debt

1,147,660  

1,147,647  

Other 

85,214  

86,428  

TOTAL

3,673,260  

3,653,804  

Commitments and Contingencies

MEMBERS' EQUITY

Preferred membership interests without sinking fund

100,000  

100,000  

Members' equity

1,481,509  

1,344,003  

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(27,968)

(25,695)

TOTAL

1,553,541  

1,418,308  

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY

$5,723,121  

$5,654,842  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

291

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

STATEMENTS OF MEMBERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

MEMBERS' EQUITY

Members' Equity, January 1

$1,344,003  

$1,105,172  

$1,032,703 

 Add:

 Net income

143,337  

$143,337  

137,618  

$137,618  

128,082 

$128,082 

 Additional equity from parent

1,119  

108,327  

- 

 Total

144,456  

245,945  

128,082 

 Deduct:

 Dividends/distribution declared:

 Common equity

-  

-  

51,600 

 Preferred membership interests

6,950  

6,950  

6,950  

6,950  

- 

- 

 Other

-  

164  

4,013 

 Total 

6,950  

7,114  

55,613 

Members' Equity, December 31

$1,481,509  

$1,344,003  

$1,105,172 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 

INCOME (Net of Taxes):

Balance at beginning of period:

 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

($25,695)

 $ -  

 $ - 

Pension and other postretirement liabilities (net of tax (expense) benefit of ($6,703) and $30,137)

(2,273)

(2,273)

(25,695)

- 

Balance at end of period:

 Pension and other postretirement liabilities 

($27,968)

($25,695)

 $ - 

Comprehensive Income

$134,114  

$130,668  

$128,082 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

292

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$2,737,552 

$2,451,258 

$2,650,181 

$2,226,986 

$2,165,570 

Net Income

$143,337 

$137,618 

$128,082 

$127,495 

$146,154 

Total assets 

$5,723,121 

$5,654,842 

$5,855,053 

$4,845,597 

$4,641,142 

Long-term obligations (1)

$1,149,478 

$1,191,044 

$1,208,140 

$939,598 

$917,247 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt) and noncurrent capital lease obligations.

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$854 

$797 

$828 

$770 

$739 

 Commercial

 578 

 533 

 539 

 501 

 473 

 Industrial

 872 

 809 

 834 

 779 

 723 

 Governmental

 43 

 40 

 41 

 38 

 41 

 Total retail

 2,347 

 2,179 

 2,242 

 2,088 

 1,976 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 310 

 215 

 339 

 96 

 102 

 Non-associated companies

 8 

 12 

 14 

 13 

 12 

 Other

 73 

 45 

 55 

 30 

 76 

 Total

$2,738 

$2,451 

$2,650 

$2,227 

$2,166 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 8,646 

 8,558 

 8,559 

 8,842 

 8,795 

 Commercial

 5,848 

 5,714 

 5,554 

 5,762 

 5,622 

 Industrial

 13,209 

 12,770 

 12,348 

 13,140 

 12,870 

 Governmental

 446 

 441 

 428 

 439 

 491 

 Total retail (2)

 28,149 

 27,483 

 26,889 

 28,183 

 27,778 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 2,299 

 2,369 

 2,451 

 1,129 

 1,344 

 Non-associated companies

 112 

 101 

 109 

 122 

 132 

 Total

 30,560 

 29,953 

 29,449 

 29,434 

 29,254 

(2) 2006 billed electric energy sales includes 96 GWh of billings related to 2005 deliveries that were billed in 2006 because of billing delays following Hurricane Katrina, which results in an increase of 402 GWh in 2006, or 1.5% and an increase of 762 in 2007, or 2.8%.

293

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Hurricane Katrina and Storm Costs Recovery Filing

 In August 2005, Hurricane Katrina hit Entergy Mississippi's service territory causing power outages and significant infrastructure damage to Entergy Mississippi's distribution and transmission systems. Entergy has pursued a broad range of initiatives to recover storm restoration and business continuity costs and incremental losses. Initiatives included obtaining assistance through federal legislation for damage caused by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by the FERC and local regulatory bodies, in combination with securitization.

 In March 2006, the Governor of Mississippi signed a law that established a mechanism by which the MPSC could authorize and certify an electric utility financing order and the state could issue bonds to finance the costs of repairing damage caused by Hurricane Katrina to the systems of investor-owned electric utilities.  Because of the passage of this law and the possibility of Entergy Mississippi obtaining CDBG funds for Hurricane Katrina storm restoration costs, in March 2006, the MPSC issued an order approving a Joint Stipulation between Entergy Mississippi and the Mississippi Public Utilities Staff that provided for a review of Entergy Mississippi's total storm restoration costs in an Application for an Accounting Order proceeding.  In June 2006, the MPSC issued an order certifying Entergy Mississippi's Hurricane Katrina restoration costs incurred through March 31, 2006 of $89 million, net of estimated insurance proceeds. Two days later, Entergy Mississippi filed a request with the Mississippi Development Authority for $89 million of CDBG funding for reimbursement of its Hurricane Katrina infrastructure restoration costs. Entergy Mississippi also filed a Petition for Financing Order with the MPSC for authorization of state bond financing of $169 million for Hurricane Katrina restoration costs and future storm costs. The $169 million amount included the $89 million of Hurricane Katrina restoration costs plus $80 million to build Entergy Mississippi's storm damage reserve for the future. Entergy Mississippi's filing stated that the amount actually financed through the state bonds would be net of any CDBG funds that Entergy Mississippi received.

 In October 2006, the Mississippi Development Authority approved for payment and Entergy Mississippi received $81 million in CDBG funding for Hurricane Katrina costs. The MPSC then issued a financing order authorizing the issuance of state bonds to finance $8 million of Entergy Mississippi's certified Hurricane Katrina restoration costs and $40 million for an increase in Entergy Mississippi's storm damage reserve. $30 million of the storm damage reserve was set aside in a restricted account. A Mississippi state entity issued the bonds in May 2007, and Entergy Mississippi received proceeds of $48 million. Entergy Mississippi will not report the bonds on its balance sheet because the bonds are the obligation of the state entity, and there is no recourse against Entergy Mississippi in the event of a bond default. To service the bonds, Entergy Mississippi is collecting a system restoration charge on behalf of the state, and remitting the collections to the state. By analogy to and in accordance with Entergy's accounting policy for collection of sales taxes, Entergy Mississippi will not report the collections as revenue because it is merely acting as the billing and collection agent for the state.

Results of Operations

Net Income

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income increased $19.8 million primarily due to higher net revenue, lower other operation and maintenance expenses, higher other income, and lower interest expense, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net income decreased $9.8 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher interest and other charges, and higher taxes other than income taxes, partially offset by higher net revenue.

294

Net Revenue

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$466.1 

Base revenue

7.9 

Volume/weather

4.5 

Transmission revenue

4.1 

Transmission equalization

4.0 

Reserve equalization

3.8 

Attala costs

(10.2)

Other

6.7 

2007 net revenue

$486.9 

 The base revenue variance is primarily due to a formula rate plan increase effective July 2007. The formula rate plan filing is discussed further in "Significant Factors and Known Trends
" below and in Note 2 to the financial statements.

 The volume/weather variance is primarily due to increased electricity usage primarily in the residential and commercial sectors, including the effect of more favorable weather on billed electric sales in 2007 compared to 2006. Billed electricity usage increased 214 GWh. The increase in usage was partially offset by decreased usage in the industrial sector. 

 The transmission revenue variance is due to higher rates and the addition of new transmission customers in late 2006.

 The transmission equalization variance is primarily due to a revision made in 2006 of transmission equalization receipts among Entergy companies. 

 The reserve equalization variance is primarily due to a revision in 2006 of reserve equalization payments among Entergy companies due to a FERC ruling regarding the inclusion of interruptible loads in reserve equalization calculations and lower reserve equalization expenses related to changes in the Entergy System generation mix compared to the same period in 2006.

 The Attala costs variance is primarily due to a decline in the Attala costs that are recovered through the power management rider. The net income effect of this cost deferral is partially offset by Attala costs in other operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation expense, and taxes other than income taxes. The recovery of Attala costs is discussed further in "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Uses of Capital
" below.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges (credits)

 Gross operating revenues decreased primarily due to a decrease of $255.1 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to lower fuel rates, partially offset by higher power management rider revenue of $70.8 million and an increase of $91.3 million in gross wholesale revenue as a result of increased sales to affiliated systems.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses decreased primarily due to decreased recovery of deferred fuel costs from customers and an increase in demand, partially offset by an increase in the market price of natural gas.

295

 Other regulatory charges increased primarily due to the refunding in 2006, through the power management recovery rider, of gains recorded on gas hedging contracts, in addition to higher Attala costs recovered through the power management recovery rider. There is no material effect on net income due to quarterly adjustments to the power management recovery rider.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2006 to 2005.

Amount

(In Millions)

2005 net revenue

$439.5 

Attala costs

25.6 

Fuel Recovery

3.6 

Reserve Equalization

(6.4)

Other

3.8 

2006 net revenue

$466.1 

 The Attala costs variance is primarily due to the recovery of Attala power plant costs through the power management rider. The net income effect of this cost deferral is partially offset by Attala costs in other operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation expense, and taxes other than income taxes. The recovery of Attala costs is discussed further in "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Uses of Capital
" below.

 The fuel recovery variance is primarily due to increased fuel recovery from retail customers resulting from quarterly changes to the energy cost recovery rider.

 The reserve equalization variance is primarily due to changes in the Entergy System generation mix compared to the same period in 2005 and a revision of reserve equalization payments among Entergy companies due to a FERC ruling regarding the inclusion of interruptible loads in reserve equalization calculations.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges (credits)

 Gross operating revenue increased primarily due to an increase of $160.5 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to higher fuel rates and increased usage.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses increased primarily due to increased recovery of fuel and purchased power costs due to an increase in fuel rates. In addition, gas costs increased as a result of the purchase of Attala. The increase was partially offset by decreases in the average market prices of natural gas and purchased power.

 Other regulatory credits increased primarily due to over-recoveries in 2005 as a result of gains recorded on gas hedging contracts and the refunding of those over-recoveries through the power management recovery rider in 2006. The increase is also due to the under-recovery of Attala costs, discussed above. There is no material effect on net income due to quarterly adjustments to the power management recovery rider.

296

Other Income Statement Variances

2007 Compared to 2006

 Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:

a decrease of $6.2 million in loss reserves for storm damage in 2007

;
a decrease of $4.0 million in due to the reclassification in 2006 of storm charges from a regulatory asset in accordance with a Joint Stipulation with the MPSC; and 

a decrease of $2.9 million in customer service costs, including a decrease in customer write-offs.

The decrease was partially offset by the following:

an increase of $3.4 million in insurance costs as a result of amending coverage in mid-2006, higher premiums, and timing differences in premium payments in 2007 compared to 2006; 

an increase of $3.3 million in transmission spending, including additional costs related to the Independent Coordinator of Transmission and additional costs related to substation maintenance; and

an increase of $3.0 million in vegetation maintenance expenses.

 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to an increase in plant in service.

 Other income increased primarily due to the gain recorded on the sale of non-utility property.

 Interest expense decreased primarily due to a decrease in long-term debt outstanding as a result of the redemption of the $100 million 4.35% Series First Mortgage Bonds in January 2007.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Other operation and maintenance expense increased primarily due to:

an increase of $12.9 million in costs associated with the purchase of the Attala plant which was in January 2006;

an increase of $4.5 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefit costs;

an increase of $4.5 million in customer service costs, including an increase in customer write-offs; and

an increase of $4.0 million due to the reclassification of storm charges from a regulatory asset in accordance with a Joint Stipulation with the MPSC.

 Taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to higher assessed values for ad valorem tax purposes as a result of the Attala plant purchase and higher franchise taxes in 2006 due to higher revenue.

 Other income increased primarily as a result of higher interest earned on money pool investments.

 Interest charges increased primarily due to additional long-term debt issued to finance the Attala power plant purchase.

Income Taxes 

 The effective income tax rates for 2007, 2006, and 2005 were 33.2%, 35.3%, and 35.3%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35.0% to the effective income tax rate. 

297

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow 

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005 were as follows:

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$73,417 

$4,523 

$80,396 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

169,194 

439,145 

4,935 

Investing activities

(68,901)

(377,524)

(138,510)

Financing activities

(133,128)

7,273 

57,702 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(32,835)

68,894 

(75,873)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$40,582 

$73,417 

$4,523 

Operating Activities

 Cash flow from operating activities decreased $270 million in 2007 primarily due to:

decreased recovery of deferred fuel and purchased power costs;
net income tax refunds received in 2006 compared to income tax payments in 2007; and
the receipt of $81 million of CDBG funds in 2006.

The decrease was partially offset by securitization proceeds of $48 million received in 2007 and a decrease of $15.6 million in pension contributions.

 Cash flow from operating activities increased $405.8 million in 2006 primarily due to:

increased recovery of deferred fuel and purchased power costs;

the receipt of $81 million of CDBG funds in October 2006; and

net income tax refunds of $49 million in 2006.

 In the first quarter 2006, Entergy Corporation received an income tax refund as a result of net operating loss carryback provisions contained in the Gulf Opportunity Zone Act of 2005. In accordance with Entergy's intercompany tax allocation agreement, in April 2006 Entergy Corporation distributed $66 million of the refund to Entergy Mississippi.

Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities decreased $308.6 million in 2007 primarily due to:

the receipt of proceeds in 2007 from funds held in trust in 2006 that were used for the redemption in January 2007, prior to maturity, of the $100 million 4.35% Series First Mortgage Bonds;

the purchase of the Attala plant for $88 million in January 2006; and

money pool activity.

The decrease was partially offset by the transfer of $30 million to a storm damage reserve escrow account.

Net cash used in investing activities increased $210.6 million in 2006 primarily due to funds held in trust for the redemption, prior to maturity, of Entergy Mississippi's $100 million 4.35% Series First Mortgage Bonds in January 2007. The increase is also due to the purchase of the 480 MW Attala power plant for $88 million in January 2006 and money pool activity.

298

Financing Activities

Entergy Mississippi's financing activities used $133.1 million of cash in 2007 compared to providing $7.3 million in 2006 primarily due to:

the redemption, prior to maturity, of $100 million of First Mortgage Bonds in January 2007;

the issuance of $100 million of long-term debt in 2006; 

an increase of $25.3 million in common stock dividends paid in 2007; and

money pool activity.

Net cash provided by financing activities decreased $50.4 million in 2006 primarily due to money pool activity, partially offset by the issuance of $100 million of First Mortgage Bonds during 2006 and a decrease of $16.9 million in common stock dividends paid.

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.

Capital Structure

Entergy Mississippi's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. The decrease in the debt to capital percentage as of December 31, 2007 is primarily due to the redemption of $100 million of First Mortgage Bonds in January 2007.

December 31,
 2007

December 31,
2006

Net debt to net capital 

48.4%

51.9%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

1.5%

2.4%

Debt to capital 

49.9%

54.3%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of capital lease obligations and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and shareholders' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy Mississippi uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Mississippi's financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 Entergy Mississippi requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt and preferred stock maturities;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and 

dividend and interest payments.

299

 Following are the amounts of Entergy Mississippi's planned construction and other capital investments, and existing debt obligations and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments):

2008

2009-2010

2011-2012

After 2012

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1)

$173

$293

N/A

N/A

$466

Long-term debt 

$141

$79

$153

$1,048

$1,421

Capital lease payments

$2

$4

$3

$2

$11

Operating leases

$9

$15

$9

$19

$52

Purchase obligations (2)

$176

$349

$341

$1,920

$2,786

(1)

Includes approximately $131 to $134 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems, and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy Mississippi, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the Unit Power Sales Agreement, which is discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above, Entergy Mississippi expects to contribute $10.9 million to its pension plans and $5.2 million to other postretirement plans in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Mississippi's pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy Mississippi has $64.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

 The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy Mississippi reflects capital required to support existing business and customer growth. Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental compliance, market volatility, economic trends, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

In January 2006, Entergy Mississippi purchased for $88 million the Attala power plant, a 480 MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle generating facility owned by Central Mississippi Generating Company. In November 2005, the MPSC issued an order approving the acquisition of the Attala plant. In December 2005, the MPSC issued an order approving the investment cost recovery through the power management rider and limited the recovery to a period that begins with the closing date of the purchase and ends the earlier of the date costs are incorporated into base rates or December 31, 2006. As a consequence of the events surrounding Entergy Mississippi's ongoing efforts to recover storm restoration costs associated with Hurricane Katrina, in October 2006, the MPSC approved a revision to Entergy Mississippi's power management rider. The revision has the effect of allowing Entergy Mississippi to recover the annual ownership costs of the Attala plant until such time as there has been a resolution of Entergy Mississippi's recovery of its storm restoration costs and a general rate case can be filed. 

 As a wholly-owned subsidiary, Entergy Mississippi dividends its earnings to Entergy Corporation at a percentage determined monthly. Entergy Mississippi's long-term debt indentures restrict the amount of retained earnings available for the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred stock. As of December 31, 2007, Entergy Mississippi had restricted retained earnings unavailable for distribution to Entergy Corporation of $121.6 million. 

300

Sources of Capital

 Entergy Mississippi's sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt or preferred stock issuances; and

bank financing under new or existing facilities.

 Entergy Mississippi may refinance or redeem debt and preferred stock prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.

 All debt and common and preferred stock issuances by Entergy Mississippi require prior regulatory approval. Preferred stock and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its corporate charter, bond indenture, and other agreements. Entergy Mississippi has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.

 Entergy Mississippi has two separate credit facilities in the aggregate amount of $50 million. In May 2007, Entergy Mississippi renewed its credit facilities through May 2008. Borrowings under the credit facilities may be secured by a security interest in Entergy Mississippi's accounts receivable. No borrowings were outstanding under either facility as of December 31, 2007.

 In January 2007, Entergy Mississippi redeemed, prior to maturity, $100 million of 4.35% Series First Mortgage Bonds due April 2008.

 Entergy Mississippi has obtained short-term borrowing authorization from the FERC under which it may borrow through March 31, 2008, up to the aggregate amount, at any one time outstanding, of $175 million. In January 2008, Entergy Mississippi filed an application with the FERC to extend the authorization period for its current short-term borrowing limits until March 2010. See Note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of Entergy Mississippi's short-term borrowing limits. Entergy Mississippi has also obtained an order from the FERC authorizing long-term securities issuances. The long-term authority extends through June 30, 2009. 

 Entergy Mississippi's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

$20,997

$39,573

($84,066)

$21,584

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. 

Significant Factors and Known Trends

State and Local Rate Regulation

 The rates that Entergy Mississippi charges for electricity significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy Mississippi is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. A governmental agency, the MPSC, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.

 In March 2007, Entergy Mississippi made its annual scheduled formula rate plan filing for the 2006 test year with the MPSC.  The filing showed that an increase of $12.9 million in annual electric revenues is warranted.  In June 2007 the MPSC approved a joint stipulation between Entergy Mississippi and the Mississippi Public Utilities staff that provides for a $10.5 million rate increase, which was effective beginning with July 2007 billings.

301

 In March 2006, Entergy Mississippi made its annual scheduled formula rate plan filing with the MPSC.  The filing was amended by an April 2006 filing.  The amended filing showed that an increase of $3.1 million in electric revenues is warranted.  The MPSC approved a settlement providing for a $1.8 million rate increase, which was implemented in August 2006.

 Entergy Mississippi's fuel and purchased power costs recovered from customers are also subject to regulatory scrutiny.

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings 

 See "System Agreement Proceedings" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Interconnection Orders

 See "Interconnection Orders" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding

 See "Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Energy Policy Act of 2005

 See "Energy Policy Act of 2005" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion, including a discussion of the implications of repeal of PUHCA 1935 and ongoing FERC regulation under the Federal Power Act. 

Utility Restructuring

The MPSC has recommended not pursuing open access at this time.

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of Entergy Mississippi's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of Entergy Mississippi's financial position or results of operations.

302

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy Mississippi records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Projected
Qualified Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$666

$6,339

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$452

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$293

$1,352

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands):

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated 
Postretirement Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$276

$1,531

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$164

$1,910

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy Mississippi in 2007 was $5.9 million. Entergy anticipates 2008 qualified pension cost to be $4.8 million. Entergy Mississippi contributed $0.8 million to its qualified pension plans in 2007 and anticipates that it will contribute $10.9 million in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Mississippi's pension contributions in the future.

303

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy Mississippi in 2007 were $5.4 million, including $1.8 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Mississippi expects 2008 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $5.2 million, including $1.6 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Mississippi expects to contribute $5.2 million to its other postretirement plans in 2008.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

304

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Entergy Mississippi, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy Mississippi, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related statements of income, of retained earnings, and of cash flows (pages
306 through 310 and applicable items in pages 59 through 172) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy Mississippi, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 28, 2008

305

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

 Electric

 $1,372,802  

 $1,450,008  

 $1,306,543  

OPERATING EXPENSES

 Operation and Maintenance:

   Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

    gas purchased for resale

 456,346  

 586,625  

 136,870  

   Purchased power

 414,763  

 463,015  

 688,800  

 Other operation and maintenance

 202,952  

 206,031  

 176,202  

 Taxes other than income taxes

 62,516  

 63,126  

 58,540  

 Depreciation and amortization

 79,470  

 75,561  

 72,028  

 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

 14,810  

 (65,714)

 41,414  

TOTAL

 1,230,857  

 1,328,644  

 1,173,854  

OPERATING INCOME

 141,945  

 121,364  

 132,689  

OTHER INCOME

 Allowance for equity funds used during construction

 3,900  

 3,942  

 3,490  

 Interest and dividend income

 5,572  

 6,435  

 2,560  

 Miscellaneous - net

 1,011  

 (2,348)

 (1,613)

TOTAL

 10,483  

 8,029  

 4,437  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

 Interest on long-term debt

 41,699  

 45,555  

 39,406  

 Other interest - net

 5,321  

 5,661  

 4,301  

 Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

 (2,548)

 (2,675)

 (2,636)

TOTAL

 44,472  

 48,541  

 41,071  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

 107,956  

 80,852  

 96,055  

 Income taxes

 35,850  

 28,567  

 33,952  

NET INCOME

 72,106  

 52,285  

 62,103  

 Preferred dividend requirements and other

 2,768  

 2,828  

 3,316  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON STOCK

 $69,338  

 $49,457  

 $58,787  

 See Notes to Financial Statements.

306

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$72,106  

$52,285  

$62,103  

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

 14,810  

 (65,714)

 41,414  

 Depreciation and amortization

 79,470  

 75,561  

 72,028  

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

 (17,123)

 63,964  

 95,612  

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

 898  

 41,108  

 (33,549)

 Fuel inventory

 (2,721)

 (4,558)

 1,050  

 Accounts payable

 (13,379)

 (32,643)

 37,204  

 Taxes accrued

 (9,649)

 12,566  

 (6,985)

 Interest accrued

 2,131  

 (588)

 1,164  

 Deferred fuel costs

 (18,654)

 209,192  

 (136,749)

 Other working capital accounts

 (12,432)

 18,241  

 4,487  

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

 40,228  

 600  

 (3,283)

 Changes in other regulatory assets

 37,381  

 7,581  

 (63,618)

 Other

 (3,872)

 61,550  

(65,943)

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

 169,194  

 439,145  

4,935  

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

 (156,643)

 (152,193)

 (163,584)

Payment for purchase of plant

 -  

 (88,199)

 -  

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

 3,900  

 3,942  

 3,490  

Proceeds from sale of assets

 2,616  

 -  

 -  

Change in money pool receivable - net

11,974  

(39,573)

21,584  

Changes in other temporary investments - net

 100,000  

 (101,501)

 -  

Payment to storm reserve escrow account

 (30,748)

 -  

 -  

Net cash flow used in investing activities

 (68,901)

 (377,524)

(138,510)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of:

 Long-term debt

 -  

 99,167  

 -  

 Preferred stock

 -  

 -  

 29,151  

Retirement of long-term debt

 (100,000)

 -  

 -  

Redemption of preferred stock

 -  

 -  

 (30,269)

Change in money pool payable - net

-  

(84,066)

84,066  

Dividends paid:

 Common stock

 (30,300)

 (5,000)

 (21,900)

 Preferred stock

 (2,828)

 (2,828)

 (3,346)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities

 (133,128)

 7,273  

57,702  

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 (32,835)

 68,894  

(75,873)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

 73,417  

 4,523  

80,396  

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$40,582  

$73,417  

$4,523  

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$42,479  

$49,693  

$40,445  

 Income taxes

$48,914  

($49,158)

$4,446  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

307

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash

$117  

$2,128  

 Temporary cash investment - at cost,

 which approximates market

40,465  

71,289  

 Total cash and cash equivalents

40,582  

73,417  

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

62,052  

61,216  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(615)

(616)

 Associated companies

23,534  

45,040  

 Other

8,234  

9,032  

 Accrued unbilled revenues

33,535  

32,550  

 Total accounts receivable

126,740  

147,222  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

7,686  

-  

Fuel inventory - at average cost

10,366  

7,645  

Materials and supplies - at average cost

30,167  

28,607  

Other special deposits

-  

100,000  

Prepayments and other

13,701  

7,398  

TOTAL

229,242  

364,289  

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Investment in affiliates - at equity

5,531  

5,531  

Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

5,140  

6,061  

Storm reserve escrow account

30,748  

-  

Note receivable - Entergy New Orleans

7,610  

-  

TOTAL

49,029  

11,592  

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

2,829,065  

2,692,971  

Property under capital lease

9,116  

17  

Construction work in progress

72,753  

79,950  

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

2,910,934  

2,772,938  

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

995,902  

945,548  

UTILITY PLANT - NET

1,915,032  

1,827,390  

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

29,868  

26,378  

 Other regulatory assets

141,717  

186,986  

Long-term receivables

819  

2,288  

Other

20,562  

21,968  

TOTAL

192,966  

237,620  

TOTAL ASSETS

$2,386,269  

$2,440,891  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

308

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

$46,424  

$59,696  

 Other

36,104  

38,097  

Customer deposits

55,719  

51,568  

Taxes accrued

36,038  

45,687  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

-  

3,963  

Interest accrued

15,194  

13,063  

Deferred fuel costs

76,582  

95,236  

Other

8,905  

17,624  

TOTAL

274,966  

324,934  

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

535,469  

516,558  

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

9,748  

11,047  

Obligations under capital lease

7,806  

-  

Asset retirement cost liabilities

4,505  

4,254  

Accumulated provisions

50,264  

10,036  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

56,946  

64,604  

Long-term debt

695,266  

795,187  

Other 

44,243  

46,253  

TOTAL

1,404,247  

1,447,939  

Commitments and Contingencies

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Preferred stock without sinking fund

50,381  

50,381  

Common stock, no par value, authorized 15,000,000

  shares; issued and outstanding 8,666,357 shares in 2007 and 2006

199,326  

199,326  

Capital stock expense and other

(690)

(690)

Retained earnings

458,039  

419,001  

TOTAL

707,056  

668,018  

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

$2,386,269  

$2,440,891  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

309

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

STATEMENTS OF RETAINED EARNINGS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

Retained Earnings, January 1

$419,001 

$374,544 

$338,164 

 Add:

 Net income

72,106 

52,285 

62,103 

 Deduct:

 Preferred dividend requirements and other

2,768 

2,828 

3,316 

 Dividends declared on common stock

30,300 

5,000 

21,900 

 Capital stock and other expenses

- 

- 

507 

 Total 

33,068 

7,828 

25,723 

Retained Earnings, December 31

$458,039 

$419,001 

$374,544 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

310

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$1,372,802 

$1,450,008 

$1,306,543 

$1,213,629 

$1,035,360 

Net Income

$72,106 

$52,285 

$62,103 

$73,497 

$67,058 

Total assets

$2,386,269 

$2,440,891 

$2,311,043 

$2,036,186 

$1,952,352 

Long-term obligations (1)

$703,072 

$795,187 

$695,157 

$695,125 

$655,051 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt) and noncurrent capital lease obligations.

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$500 

$568 

$503 

$467 

$410 

 Commercial

 428 

 484 

 421 

 397 

 342 

 Industrial

 185 

 236 

 209 

 204 

 174 

 Governmental

 40 

 45 

 41 

 38 

 32 

 Total retail

 1,153 

 1,333 

 1,174 

 1,106 

 958 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 139 

 43 

 62 

 39 

 21 

 Non-associated companies

 33 

 37 

 37 

 30 

 21 

 Other

 48 

 37 

 34 

 39 

 35 

 Total

$1,373 

$1,450 

$1,307 

$1,214 

$1,035 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 5,474 

 5,387 

 5,333 

 5,085 

 5,092 

 Commercial

 4,872 

 4,746 

 4,630 

 4,518 

 4,476 

 Industrial

 2,771 

 2,927 

 2,967 

 2,977 

 2,939 

 Governmental

 421 

 417 

 411 

 398 

 384 

 Total retail

 13,538 

 13,477 

 13,341 

 12,978 

 12,891 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 1,025 

 469 

 516 

 305 

 112 

 Non-associated companies

 468 

 431 

 420 

 393 

 331 

 Total

 15,031 

 14,377 

 14,277 

 13,676 

 13,334 

311

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Hurricane Katrina

 In August 2005, Hurricane Katrina caused catastrophic damage to Entergy New Orleans' service territory, including the effect of extensive flooding that resulted from levee breaks in and around the New Orleans area. The storms and flooding resulted in power outages; significant damage to electric distribution, transmission, and generation and gas infrastructure; and the loss of sales and customers due to mandatory evacuations and the destruction of homes and businesses. Entergy has pursued a broad range of initiatives to recover storm restoration and business continuity costs. Initiatives include obtaining reimbursement of certain costs covered by insurance, obtaining assistance through federal legislation for damage caused by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by the FERC and local regulatory bodies.

Community Development Block Grants (CDBG)

 In December 2005, the U.S. Congress passed the Katrina Relief Bill, a hurricane aid package that includes $11.5 billion in CDBG funding (for the states affected by Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, and Wilma) that allows state and local leaders to fund individual recovery priorities. The bill includes language that permits funding to be provided for infrastructure restoration. In March 2006, Entergy New Orleans provided a justification statement to state and local officials in connection with its pursuit of CDBG funds to mitigate Hurricane Katrina restoration costs that otherwise would be borne by customers. The statement included all the estimated costs of Hurricane Katrina damage, as well as a lost customer base component intended to help offset the need for storm-related rate increases. In October 2006, the Louisiana Recovery Authority Board endorsed a resolution proposing to allocate $200 million in CDBG funds to Entergy New Orleans to defray gas and electric utility system repair costs in an effort to provide rate relief for Entergy New Orleans customers. The proposal was developed as an action plan amendment and published for public comment. State lawmakers approved the action plan in December 2006, and the U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development approved it in February 2007. Entergy New Orleans filed applications seeking City Council certification of its storm-related costs incurred through December 2006. Entergy New Orleans supplemented this request to include the estimated future cost of the gas system rebuild.

 In March 2007, the City Council certified that Entergy New Orleans incurred $205 million in storm-related costs through December 2006 that are eligible for CDBG funding under the state action plan, and certified Entergy New Orleans' estimated costs of $465 million for its gas system rebuild (which is discussed below). In April 2007, Entergy New Orleans executed an agreement with the Louisiana Office of Community Development (OCD) under which $200 million of CDBG funds will be made available to Entergy New Orleans. Entergy New Orleans submitted the agreement to the bankruptcy court, which approved it on April 25, 2007. Entergy New Orleans has received $180.8 million of the funds as of December 31, 2007, and under the agreement with the OCD, Entergy New Orleans expects to receive the remainder as it incurs and submits additional eligible costs.

Insurance Claims

 See Note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of Entergy's conventional property insurance program. Entergy has received a total of $134.5 million as of December 31, 2007 on its Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita insurance claims, including $69.5 million that Entergy received in the second quarter 2007 in settlement of its Hurricane Katrina claim with one of its two excess insurers. Of the $134.5 million received, $70.7 million has been allocated to Entergy New Orleans. In the third quarter 2007, Entergy filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana against its other excess insurer on the Hurricane Katrina claim. At issue in the lawsuit is whether any policy exclusions limit the extent of coverage provided by that insurer.

 There was an aggregation limit of $1
billion for all parties insured by the primary insurer for any one occurrence at
the time of the Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita losses, and the primary
insurer notified Entergy that it expects claims for Hurricane Katrina and
Hurricane Rita to materially exceed this limit. Entergy currently estimates that
its remaining net insurance recoveries for the losses caused by the hurricanes,
including the effects of the primary insurance aggregation limit being exceeded
and the litigation against the excess insurer, will be approximately

312

  $151 million for Entergy New Orleans. Entergy New
Orleans currently expects to receive payment for the majority of its estimated
insurance recovery related to Hurricane Katrina through 2009.

Rate and Storm-related Riders Filings

 See "Formula Rate Plans and Storm-related Riders" below for a discussion of Entergy New Orleans' June 2006 formula rate plan filings and request to implement two storm-related riders filed with the City Council.

Gas System Rebuild 

 In addition to the Hurricane Katrina storm restoration costs that Entergy New Orleans incurred, Entergy New Orleans expects that over a longer term accelerated rebuilding of the gas system in New Orleans will be necessary due to the massive salt water intrusion into the system caused by the flooding in New Orleans. The salt water intrusion is expected to shorten the life of the gas system, making it necessary to rebuild that system over time, earlier than otherwise would be expected. Entergy New Orleans currently expects the cost to rebuild the gas system to be $465 million, with the project extending many years into the future. To the extent that Entergy New Orleans receives insurance proceeds for future construction expenditures associated with rebuilding its gas system, the October 2006 City Council resolution approving the settlement of Entergy New Orleans' rate and storm-cost recovery filings requires Entergy New Orleans to record those proceeds in a designated sub-account of other deferred credits. This other deferred credit is shown as "Gas system rebuild insurance proceeds" on Entergy New Orleans' balance sheet.

Bankruptcy Proceedings

 As a result of the effects of Hurricane Katrina and the effect of extensive flooding that resulted from levee breaks in and around the New Orleans area, on September 23, 2005, Entergy New Orleans filed a voluntary petition in bankruptcy court seeking reorganization relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. On May 7, 2007, the bankruptcy judge entered an order confirming Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization. With the receipt of CDBG funds, and the agreement on insurance recovery with one of its excess insurers, Entergy New Orleans waived the conditions precedent in its plan of reorganization, and the plan became effective on May 8, 2007. Following are significant terms in Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization:

Entergy New Orleans paid in full, in cash, the allowed third-party prepetition accounts payable (approximately $29 million, including interest). Entergy New Orleans paid interest from September 23, 2005 at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest for 2005 (6%) and 2006 (8%), and at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest plus 1% for 2007 through the date of payment. The Louisiana judicial rate of interest for 2007 is 9.5%.

Entergy New Orleans issued notes due in three years in satisfaction of its affiliate prepetition accounts payable (approximately $74 million, including interest), including its indebtedness to the Entergy System money pool. Entergy New Orleans included in the principal amount of the notes accrued interest from September 23, 2005 at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest for 2005 (6%) and 2006 (8%), and at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest plus 1% for 2007 through the date of issuance of the notes. Entergy New Orleans will pay interest on the notes from their date of issuance at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest plus 1%. The Louisiana judicial rate of interest is 9.5% for 2007 and 8.5% for 2008.

Entergy New Orleans repaid in full, in cash, the outstanding borrowings under the debtor-in-possession credit agreement between Entergy New Orleans and Entergy Corporation (approximately $67 million).

Entergy New Orleans' first mortgage bonds will remain outstanding with their current maturity dates and interest terms. Pursuant to an agreement with its first mortgage bondholders, Entergy New Orleans paid the first mortgage bondholders an amount equal to the one year of interest from the bankruptcy petition date that the bondholders had waived previously in the bankruptcy proceeding (approximately $12 million).

Entergy New Orleans' preferred stock will remain outstanding on its current dividend terms, and Entergy New Orleans paid its unpaid preferred dividends in arrears (approximately $1 million).

Litigation claims will generally be unaltered, and will generally proceed as if Entergy New Orleans had not filed for bankruptcy protection, with exceptions for certain claims.

313

Municipalization

Municipalization is one potential outcome of Entergy New Orleans' recovery effort that may be pursued by a stakeholder or stakeholders. In June 2006, the Louisiana Legislature passed a law that establishes a governance structure for a public power authority, if municipalization of Entergy New Orleans' utility business is pursued. Entergy New Orleans' October 2006 settlement approved by the City Council allowing phased-in rate increases through 2008, discussed in "Formula Rate Plans and Storm-related Riders" below, provides that Entergy New Orleans will work with the City Council to seek an exception to the Stafford Act that will afford Stafford Act protections to Entergy New Orleans if another catastrophic event affects Entergy New Orleans. The Stafford Act provides for restoration funding from the federal government for municipal and cooperative utilities, but does not allow such funding for investor-owned utilities like Entergy New Orleans.

Results of Operations

Net Income

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income increased $19.2 million primarily due to higher net revenue, higher other income, and lower reorganization item expenses, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher taxes other than income taxes, and higher interest and other charges.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net income increased $4.1 million primarily due to higher net revenue, lower other operation and maintenance expenses, lower taxes other than income taxes, and higher other income, partially offset by higher interest and other charges. 

Net Revenue

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$192.2 

Fuel recovery

42.6 

Volume/weather

25.6 

Rider revenue

8.5 

Net wholesale revenue

(41.2)

Other

3.3 

2007 net revenue

$231.0 

 The fuel recovery variance is due to the inclusion of Grand Gulf costs in fuel recoveries effective July 1, 2006. In June 2006, the City Council approved the recovery of Grand Gulf costs through the fuel adjustment clause, without a corresponding change in base rates (a significant portion of Grand Gulf costs was previously recovered through base rates).

 The volume/weather variance is due to an increase in electricity usage in the service territory in 2007 compared to the same period in 2006. The first quarter 2006 was affected by customer losses following Hurricane Katrina. Entergy New Orleans estimates that approximately 132,000 electric customers and 86,000 gas customers have returned and are taking service as of December 31, 2007, compared to approximately

314

  95,000 electric customers and 65,000 gas customers as of December 31, 2006. Billed retail electricity usage increased a total of 540 GWh compared to the same period in 2006, an increase of 14%.

 The rider revenue variance is due primarily to a storm reserve rider effective March 2007 as a result of the City Council's approval of a settlement agreement in October 2006. The approved storm reserve will be created over a ten-year period through the rider and the funds will be held in a restricted escrow account. The settlement agreement is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

 The net wholesale revenue variance is due to more energy available for resale in 2006 due to the decrease in retail usage caused by customer losses following Hurricane Katrina. In addition, 2006 revenue includes the sales into the wholesale market of Entergy New Orleans' share of the output of Grand Gulf, pursuant to City Council approval of measures proposed by Entergy New Orleans to address the reduction in Entergy New Orleans' retail customer usage caused by Hurricane Katrina and to provide revenue support for the costs of Entergy New Orleans' share of Grand Gulf.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2006 to 2005.

Amount

(In Millions)

2005 net revenue

$179.2 

Fuel recovery

48.1 

Net wholesale revenue

22.4 

Volume/weather

(44.3)

Price applied to unbilled electric sales

(11.3)

Other

(1.9)

2006 net revenue

$192.2 

 The fuel recovery variance is due to the inclusion of Grand Gulf costs in fuel recoveries effective July 1, 2006. In June 2006, the City Council approved the recovery of all Grand Gulf costs through Entergy New Orleans' fuel adjustment clause, without a corresponding change in base rates (a significant portion of Grand Gulf costs was previously recovered through base rates).

 The net wholesale revenue variance is due to an increase in energy available for sales for resale due to the decrease in retail usage caused by customer losses following Hurricane Katrina. The increased revenue includes the sales into the wholesale market of Entergy New Orleans' share of the output of Grand Gulf, pursuant to City Council approval of measures proposed by Entergy New Orleans to address the reduction in Entergy New Orleans' retail customer demand caused by Hurricane Katrina and provide revenue support for the costs of Entergy New Orleans' share of Grand Gulf. In June 2006, the City Council approved the return of Grand Gulf output to serve Entergy New Orleans' retail load effective July 1, 2006.

 The volume/weather variance is due to a decrease in electricity usage in the service territory caused by customer losses following Hurricane Katrina, partially offset increased usage during the unbilled sales period. Billed retail electricity usage decreased a total of 953 GWh, a decline of 20%. Entergy New Orleans estimated that approximately 95,000 electric customers and 65,000 gas customers had returned and were taking service as of December 31, 2006. Prior to Hurricane Katrina, Entergy New Orleans had approximately 190,000 electric customers and 144,000 gas customers.

 The price applied to unbilled electric sales variance is primarily due to a decrease in the fuel cost component of the price applied to unbilled sales. The decrease in the fuel cost component is due to a decrease in the average cost of generation due to a change in the generation mix from

315

  natural gas to solid fuel resources. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

Other Income Statement Variances

2007 Compared to 2006

Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $13.3 million as a result of the return to normal operations work in 2007 versus storm restoration activities in 2006 as a result of Hurricane Katrina; 

an increase of $11 million due to a provision for storm-related bad debts; and

an increase of $5.6 million in loss reserves due to the implementation of the storm reserve rider in March 2007. The storm reserve rider is discussed above under "Net Revenue".

Taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to lower franchise taxes in 2006 as a result of lower revenues and a reduction in ad valorem tax assessments in 2006.

Reorganization items in 2006 consist primarily of professional fees associated with the bankruptcy case and, pursuant to an agreement with the first mortgage bondholders, the accrual in the fourth quarter 2006 for the plan of reorganization provision that paid the first mortgage bondholders an amount, $12.2 million, equal to the one year of interest from the bankruptcy petition date that the bondholders had waived previously in the bankruptcy proceeding.

Other income increased due to carrying costs related to the Hurricane Katrina storm costs regulatory asset.

Interest and other charges increased primarily due to interest accruals on first mortgage bonds. On September 23, 2006, when the one-year interest moratorium agreed to by the bondholders expired, Entergy New Orleans resumed interest accruals on its outstanding first mortgage bonds. In addition, beginning May 8, 2007, Entergy New Orleans began accruing interest on third-party and affiliate accounts payable as a result of its plan of reorganization filed with the bankruptcy court, as discussed above. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in other interest due to interest recorded on the DIP credit facility in 2006.

2006 Compared to 2005

Taxes other than income taxes decreased primarily due to lower franchise taxes in 2006 due to lower revenues and a reduction in ad valorem tax assessments in 2006.

Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased due to limited operations since Hurricane Katrina and storm restoration efforts in 2006.

Reorganization items primarily consist of professional fees associated with the bankruptcy case and, pursuant to an agreement with the first mortgage bondholders, the accrual in the fourth quarter 2006 for the plan of reorganization provision that paid the first mortgage bondholders an amount, $12.2 million, equal to the one year of interest from the bankruptcy petition date that the bondholders had waived previously in the bankruptcy proceeding.

Other income increased primarily due to:

a decrease in 2005 in the investment in the customer service system in accordance with a formula rate plan settlement; and

carrying costs of $1.1 million related to Hurricane Katrina.

316

 Interest and other charges increased primarily due to interest accrued on prepetition accounts payable pursuant to the terms of Entergy New Orleans' proposed reorganization plan (described above) and on the DIP credit facility. On September 23, 2006, when the interest moratorium agreed to by the bondholders expired, Entergy New Orleans also resumed interest accrual on its outstanding first mortgage bonds.

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates for 2007, 2006, and 2005 were 35.5%, 48.6%, and 58.9%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rate.

Preferred Dividends

 No preferred dividends were declared during the third and fourth quarters of 2005 and the first quarter 2006. Due to its bankruptcy, Entergy New Orleans did not pay the preferred stock dividends due October 1, 2005; January 1, 2006; or April 1, 2006.  

Refer to Note 18 to the financial statements for Entergy New Orleans' bankruptcy proceeding and plan or reorganization, which was approved by the bankruptcy judge in May 2007. Because its plan of reorganization included a proposal to pay the accumulated, unpaid dividends on all three series of its preferred stock, Entergy New Orleans resumed accruing for those dividends in the fourth quarter 2006. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Debtor-in-Possession Credit Facility

On September 26, 2005, Entergy New Orleans, as borrower, and Entergy Corporation, as lender, entered into a debtor-in-possession credit facility to provide funding to Entergy New Orleans during its business restoration efforts. The credit facility provided for up to $200 million in loans. The interest rate on borrowings under the credit facility was the average interest rate of borrowings outstanding under Entergy Corporation's revolving credit facility. With the confirmation of Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization in May 2007, Entergy New Orleans repaid to Entergy Corporation, in full, in cash, the $67 million of outstanding borrowings under the debtor-in-possession credit facility.

Cash Flow

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005 were as follows:

2007

2006

2005

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$17,093 

$48,056 

$7,954 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

207,394 

95,430 

(41,152)

Investing activities

(78,441)

(73,050)

(52,998)

Financing activities

(54,036)

(53,343)

134,252 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

74,917 

(30,963)

40,102 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$92,010 

$17,093 

$48,056 

317

Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities increased $112.0 million in 2007 primarily due to:

the receipt of CDBG funds of $180.8 million; and

an increase in net income.

These increases were partially offset by the following:

a net tax refund of $57.2 million in 2006 compared to a net tax refund of $3.6 million in 2007;

pension contributions of $44 million in 2007;

Entergy New Orleans' use of cash for the payment of prepetition accounts payable (approximately $29 million, including interest); and

the resumption of interest payments on its first mortgage bonds, and the payment of other bankruptcy-related items.

In the first quarter 2006, Entergy Corporation received an income tax refund as a result of net operating loss carryback provisions contained in the Gulf Opportunity Zone Act of 2005. In accordance with Entergy's intercompany tax allocation agreement, in April 2006, Entergy Corporation distributed $71 million of the refund to Entergy New Orleans. Entergy New Orleans used the income tax refund to repay a portion of the borrowings outstanding under the DIP credit facility.

Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities increased $5.4 million in 2007 primarily due to money pool activity and additional capital expenditures, partially offset by the receipt in the second quarter 2007 of insurance proceeds related to Hurricane Katrina and proceeds of $10 million received related to the sale in the first quarter 2007 of a power plant that had been out of service since 1984.

 Net cash used in investing activities increased $20.1 million in 2006 primarily due to capital expenditure activity related to Hurricane Katrina. Capital expenditures made during 2006 as a result of Hurricane Katrina were approximately $59 million.

Financing Activities

 Net cash used in financing activities increased slightly by $0.7 million in 2007. In 2007, Entergy New Orleans repaid, in full, its borrowings under the debtor in possession credit facility. In 2006, Entergy New Orleans had net payments on borrowings under the DIP credit facility of $38.1 million and the repayment by setoff in 2006 of its $15 million credit facility.

 Entergy New Orleans used $53.3 million in financing activities in 2006 compared to providing $134.3 million in 2005 primarily due to:

$90 million of borrowings under the DIP credit facility in 2005 which provided cash and a net repayment of $38.1 million in 2006; 

$15 million of borrowings under the 364-day credit facility in 2005 which provided cash and the repayment by setoff of the $15 million in 2006; and

money pool activity in 2005.

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.

318

Capital Structure

Entergy New Orleans' capitalization is shown in the following table. The decrease in the net debt to net capital ratio is primarily due to the increase in cash as a result of the receipt of CDBG funding and insurance proceeds.

December 31,
 2007

December 31,
2006

Net debt to net capital 

52.0%

60.4%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

8.9%

1.5%

Debt to capital 

60.9%

61.9%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of notes payable and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and shareholders' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy New Orleans uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy New Orleans' financial condition.

Uses of Capital 

Entergy New Orleans requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and

dividend payments.

Following are the amounts of Entergy New Orleans' planned construction and other capital investments and existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments): 

2008

2009-2010

2011-2012

After 2012

Total 

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1)

$32

$70

N/A

N/A

$102

Long-term debt

$42

$52

$19

$241

$354

Operating leases

$1

$1.5

$0.5

$1

$4

Purchase obligations (2)

$160

$290

$209

$1,235

$1,894

(1)

Includes approximately $29 to $33 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy New Orleans, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the Unit Power Sales Agreement, which is discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above,
Entergy New Orleans expects to make payments of approximately $112 million for
the years 2008-2010 related to Hurricane Katrina restoration work and its gas
rebuild project, of which $45 million is expected to be incurred in 2008. Also,
Entergy New Orleans expects to contribute $5.2 million to other postretirement
plans in 2008. Entergy New Orleans does not expect to make a pension
contribution in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006
rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of
Entergy New Orleans' pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to
the contractual obligations, Entergy New Orleans has $45.3 million of
unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond
12 months cannot be

319

 reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing
of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements
for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

 The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy New Orleans reflects capital required to support existing business. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental compliance, market volatility, economic trends, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in Notes 5 and 6 and to the financial statements.

Sources of Capital 

 Entergy New Orleans' sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds; 

cash on hand; and

debt and preferred stock issuances.

Entergy New Orleans' receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

$47,705

($37,166)

($37,166)

$1,413

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. As discussed above in "Bankruptcy Proceedings", Entergy New Orleans issued notes due in three years in satisfaction of its affiliate prepetition accounts payable, including its indebtedness to the Entergy System money pool of $37.2 million. 

In addition, Entergy New Orleans had a 364-day credit facility in the amount of $15 million which expired in May 2006. As authorized by the bankruptcy judge, in July 2006, Entergy New Orleans set off $15 million of its cash held by the lender against the outstanding debt on the credit facility.

Entergy New Orleans has obtained short-term borrowing authorization from the FERC under which it may borrow through May 4, 2009, up to the aggregate amount, at any one time outstanding, of $100 million. In January 2008, Entergy New Orleans filed an application with the FERC to extend the authorization period for its current short-term borrowing limits until March 2010. See Note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of Entergy New Orleans' short-term borrowing limits. The long-term securities issuances of Entergy New Orleans are limited to amounts authorized by the City Council, and it intends to file a request during 2008 for renewal of its authority.

Significant Factors and Known Trends 

State and Local Rate Regulation

 The rates that Entergy New Orleans charges for electricity and natural gas significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy New Orleans is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. A governmental agency, the City Council, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers. 

Formula Rate Plans and Storm-related Riders

 In June 2006, Entergy New Orleans made its annual formula rate plan filings with the City Council.  The filings presented various alternatives to reflect the effect of Entergy New Orleans' lost customers and decreased revenue following Hurricane Katrina. The alternative that Entergy New Orleans recommended adjusts for lost customers and assumes that the City Council's June 2006 decision to allow recovery of all Grand Gulf costs through the fuel adjustment clause stays in place during the rate-effective period (a significant portion of Grand Gulf costs was previously recovered through base rates). 

320

 At the same time as it made its formula rate plan filings, Entergy New Orleans also filed with the City Council a request to implement two storm-related riders. With the first rider, Entergy New Orleans sought to recover the electric and gas restoration costs that it had actually spent through March 31, 2006. Entergy New Orleans also proposed semiannual filings to update the rider for additional restoration spending and also to consider the receipt of CDBG funds or insurance proceeds that it may receive. With the second rider, Entergy New Orleans sought to establish a storm reserve to provide for the risk of another storm.

 In October 2006, the City Council approved a settlement agreement that resolves Entergy New Orleans' rate and storm-related rider filings by providing for phased-in rate increases, while taking into account with respect to storm restoration costs the anticipated receipt of CDBG funding as recommended by the Louisiana Recovery Authority. The settlement provides for a 0% increase in electric base rates through December 2007, with a $3.9 million increase implemented in January 2008. Recovery of all Grand Gulf costs through the fuel adjustment clause will continue. Gas base rates increased by $4.75 million in November 2006 and increased by additional $1.5 million in March 2007 and an additional $4.75 million in November 2007. The settlement calls for Entergy New Orleans to file a base rate case by July 31, 2008. The settlement agreement discontinues the formula rate plan and the generation performance-based plan but permits Entergy New Orleans to file an application to seek authority to implement formula rate plan mechanisms no sooner than six months following the effective date of the implementation of the base rates resulting from the July 31, 2008 base rate case. Any storm costs in excess of CDBG funding and insurance proceeds will be addressed in that base rate case. The settlement also authorizes a $75 million storm reserve for damage from future storms, which will be created over a ten-year period through a storm reserve rider beginning in March 2007. These storm reserve funds will be held in a restricted escrow account.

 In January 2008, Entergy New Orleans voluntarily implemented a 6.15% base rate credit for electric customers, which Entergy New Orleans estimates will return $10.6 million to electric customers in 2008. Entergy New Orleans was able to implement this credit because the recovery of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina has been occurring faster than expected. 

 In addition to rate proceedings, Entergy New Orleans' fuel costs recovered from customers are subject to regulatory scrutiny.

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings

 See "System Agreement Proceedings" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding

See "Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Energy Policy Act of 2005

 See "Energy Policy Act of 2005" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion, including a discussion of the implications of repeal of PUHCA 1935 and ongoing FERC regulation under the Federal Power Act.

321

Environmental Risks

Entergy New Orleans' facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that Entergy New Orleans is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of Entergy New Orleans' financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of Entergy New Orleans' financial position or results of operations.

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy New Orleans records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

322

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007 

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Projected
Qualified Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$275

$2,696

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$170

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$120

$627

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated
Postretirement Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$191

$1,138

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$88

$1,421

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy New Orleans in 2007 was $2.8 million. Entergy New Orleans anticipates 2008 qualified pension cost to decrease to $1.6 million. Entergy New Orleans contributed $43.6 million to its qualified pension plan in 2007. There is no required qualified pension plan funding anticipated for Entergy New Orleans in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy New Orleans' pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy New Orleans in 2007 were $4.9 million, including $1.2 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy New Orleans expects 2008 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $5 million, including $1.1 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy New Orleans expects to contribute $5.2 million to its other postretirement plans in 2008.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

323

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Entergy New Orleans, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy New Orleans, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related statements of income, of retained earnings, and of cash flows (pages
325 through 330 and applicable items in pages 59 through 172) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy New Orleans, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

As discussed in Note 18 to the respective financial statements, on May 7, 2007, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order confirming the plan of reorganization which became effective after the close of the business on May 8, 2007. Under the plan of reorganization, the Company is required to comply with certain terms and conditions as more fully described in Note 18 to the financial statements.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 28, 2008

324

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$557,458  

$471,066  

$536,016  

Natural gas

119,469  

100,088  

137,310  

TOTAL

676,927  

571,154  

673,326  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

243,470  

157,535  

217,365  

 Purchased power

198,329  

217,212  

273,576  

 Other operation and maintenance

114,254

78,856

89,130

Taxes other than income taxes

38,439  

34,953  

41,538  

Depreciation and amortization

32,287  

31,634  

33,975  

Reorganization items

-  

26,455  

1,489  

Other regulatory charges - net

4,127  

4,160  

3,181  

TOTAL

630,906  

550,805  

660,254  

OPERATING INCOME 

46,021  

20,349  

13,072  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

1,736  

3,078  

3,229  

Interest and dividend income

11,583  

4,363  

1,795  

Miscellaneous - net

(1,057)

(543)

(4,110)

TOTAL

12,262  

6,898  

914  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

12,978  

4,069  

10,153  

Other interest - net

8,519  

15,260  

3,402  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(1,302)

(2,477)

(2,609)

TOTAL

20,195  

16,852  

10,946  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

38,088  

10,395  

3,040  

Income taxes

13,506

5,051

1,790

NET INCOME

24,582  

5,344  

1,250  

Preferred dividend requirements and other

1,126  

1,286  

482  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON STOCK

$23,456  

$4,058  

$768  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

325

(Page left blank intentionally)

326

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$24,582  

$5,344  

$1,250  

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities: 

 Other regulatory charges - net

4,127

4,160

3,181

 Depreciation and amortization

32,288

31,634

33,975

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

30,642

54,395

87,051

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

11,563

6,334

(17,902)

 Fuel inventory

541

3,007

(3,867)

 Accounts payable

(26,746)

4,313

36,897

 Taxes accrued

2,895

2,086

(2,592)

 Interest accrued

(12,787)

15,336

(2,089)

 Deferred fuel costs

1,715

11,597

(28,034)

 Other working capital accounts

9,473

(1,069)

(6,946)

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

5,944

496

(1,632)

 Changes in pension liability

(44,549)

33,984

2,662

 Changes in other regulatory assets

181,061

(55,607)

(59,707)

 Other

(13,355)

(20,580)

(83,399)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities

207,394

95,430

(41,152)

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

(93,676)

(76,128)

(57,640)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

1,736

3,078

3,229

Insurance proceeds

56,430

-

-

Proceeds from the sale of assets

10,046

-

-

Change in money pool receivable - net

(47,705)

-

1,413

Changes in other investments - net

(5,272)

-

-

Net cash flow used in investing activities

(78,441)

(73,050)

(52,998)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Borrowings on DIP credit facility

-

-

90,000

Repayment on DIP credit facility

(51,934)

(38,066)

-

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt

-

-

29,783

Retirement of long-term debt

(208)

-

(30,065)

Change in money pool payable - net

-

-

35,558

Changes in short-term borrowings

-

(15,000)

15,000

Dividends paid:

 Common stock

-

-

(5,300)

 Preferred stock

(1,894)

(277)

(724)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities

(54,036)

(53,343)

134,252

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

74,917

(30,963)

40,102

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

17,093

48,056

7,954

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$92,010  

$17,093  

$48,056  

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$24,450  

$3,255  

$20,066  

 Income taxes

($3,571)

($57,193)

($18,000)

See Notes to Financial Statements.

327

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

 Cash 

$119  

$3,886  

 Temporary cash investments - at cost

 which approximates market

91,891  

13,207  

 Total cash and cash equivalents

92,010  

17,093  

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

45,478  

58,999  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(4,639)

(10,563)

 Associated companies

58,952  

17,797  

 Other

9,928  

8,428  

 Accrued unbilled revenues

24,842  

23,758  

 Total accounts receivable

134,561  

98,419  

Deferred fuel costs

17,281  

18,996  

Fuel inventory - at average cost

4,500  

5,041  

Materials and supplies - at average cost

9,007  

7,825  

Prepayments and other

2,539  

5,641  

TOTAL

259,898  

153,015  

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Investment in affiliates - at equity

3,259  

3,259  

Non-utility property at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

1,016  

1,107  

Other property and investments

5,272  

-

TOTAL

9,547  

4,366  

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

745,426  

698,081  

Natural gas

201,870  

186,932  

Construction work in progress

14,144  

21,824  

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

961,440  

906,837  

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

507,537  

446,673  

UTILITY PLANT - NET

453,903  

460,164  

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 Other regulatory assets

143,726  

295,440  

Long term receivables

126  

936  

Other

8,995  

7,230  

TOTAL

152,847  

303,606  

TOTAL ASSETS

$876,195

$921,151

See Notes to Financial Statements.

328

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Currently maturing long-term debt

$30,000  

 $ -  

DIP credit facility

-

51,934

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

27,138

94,686

 Other

23,366

76,831

Customer deposits

17,803

14,808

Taxes accrued

4,981

2,086

Accumulated deferred income taxes

1,754

2,924

Interest accrued

5,217

18,004

Other

9,944

6,154

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES

120,203

267,427

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

114,729

98,884

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

2,809

3,157

SFAS 109 regulatory liability - net

73,613

71,870

Other regulatory liabilities

9,522

-

Retirement cost liability

2,772

2,591

Accumulated provisions

14,329

8,385

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

15,484

60,033

Long-term debt

273,912

229,875

Gas system rebuild insurance proceeds

36,958

-

Other 

14,640

5,161

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

558,768

479,956

Commitments and Contingencies

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Preferred stock without sinking fund

19,780

19,780

Common stock, $4 par value, authorized 10,000,000

  shares; issued and outstanding 8,435,900 shares in 2007

  and 2006

33,744

33,744

Paid-in capital

36,294

36,294

Retained earnings

107,406

83,950

TOTAL

197,224

173,768

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

$876,195

$921,151

See Notes to Financial Statements.

329

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

STATEMENTS OF RETAINED EARNINGS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

Retained Earnings, January 1

$83,950 

$79,892 

$84,424 

 Add:

 Net income

24,582 

5,344 

1,250 

 Deduct:

 Dividends declared:

 Preferred stock

1,126 

1,286 

482 

 Common stock

 - 

 - 

5,300 

 Total

1,126 

1,286 

5,782 

Retained Earnings, December 31

$107,406 

$83,950 

$79,892 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

330

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$676,927 

$571,154 

$673,326 

$735,868 

$654,016 

Net Income

$24,582 

$5,344 

$1,250 

$28,072 

$7,859 

Total assets

$876,195 

$921,151 

$1,120,121 

$662,774 

$629,627 

Long-term obligations (1)

$273,912 

$229,875 

$229,859 

$199,902 

$229,217 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt). 

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$142 

$106 

$150 

$184 

$178 

 Commercial

 181 

 165 

 145 

 171 

 162 

 Industrial

 47 

 45 

 32 

 34 

 27 

 Governmental

 72 

 59 

 59 

 70 

 68 

 Total retail

 442 

 375 

 386 

 459 

 435 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 103 

 46 

 117 

 118 

 85 

 Non-associated companies

 1 

 45 

 21 

 2 

 2 

 Other

 11 

 5 

 12 

 9 

 6 

 Total

$557 

$471 

$536 

$588 

$528 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 1,221 

 914 

 1,616 

 2,139 

 2,133 

 Commercial

 1,763 

 1,666 

 1,798 

 2,316 

 2,262 

 Industrial

 568 

 547 

 498 

 575 

 413 

 Governmental

 747 

 632 

 800 

 1,025 

 1,036 

 Total retail

 4,299 

 3,759 

 4,712 

 6,055 

 5,844 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 995 

 519 

 1,705 

 1,514 

 1,312 

 Non-associated companies

 15 

 779 

 336 

 25 

 28 

 Total

 5,309 

 5,057 

 6,753 

 7,594 

 7,184 

331

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

System Energy's principal asset consists of a 90% ownership and leasehold interest in Grand Gulf. The capacity and energy from its 90% interest is sold under the Unit Power Sales Agreement to its only four customers, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans. System Energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% interest in Grand Gulf pursuant to the Unit Power Sales Agreement. Payments under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are System Energy's only source of operating revenues.

Results of Operations

Net Income

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income decreased $4.2 million primarily due to a decrease in rate base in 2007 resulting in lower operating income partially offset by higher interest income. The higher interest income resulted from $2.5 million in interest income recorded on an IRS audit settlement and higher interest income earned on decommissioning trust funds.

2006 Compared to 2005

 Net income increased $28.6 million primarily due to the income tax benefit of Entergy Corporation expenses in accordance with Entergy's intercompany tax allocation agreement. Also contributing to the increase was an increase in rate base in 2006 resulting in higher operating income and higher interest income earned on money pool investments. 

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates for 2007, 2006, and 2005 were 25.0%, 28.0%, and 38.3%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35.0% to the effective income tax rate.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow 

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006, and 2005 were as follows:

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$135,012 

$75,704 

$216,355 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

221,901 

128,059 

274,239 

Investing activities

(96,955)

130,738 

(273,500)

Financing activities

(154,953)

(199,489)

(141,390)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(30,007)

59,308 

(140,651)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$105,005 

$135,012 

$75,704 

332

Operating Activities

 Cash flow from operations increased by $93.8 million in 2007 primarily due to a decrease of $107.7 million in income tax payments. 

 Cash flow from operations decreased by $146.2 million in 2006 primarily due to an increase of $162.9 million in income tax payments. 

Investing Activities

Investing activities used $97 million in cash flow in 2007 compared to providing $130.7 million in 2006 primarily due to money pool activity as well as initial development spending on potential new nuclear development at the Grand Gulf and River Bend sites, as discussed below. 

 Investing activities provided $130.7 million in cash flow in 2006 compared to using $273.5 million in 2005 primarily due to money pool activity. 

Financing Activities 

 Net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $44.5 million in 2007 primarily due to a decrease of $45.4 million in common stock dividends paid. 

 Net cash flow used in financing activities increased $58.1 million in 2006 primarily due to an increase of $63.9 million in common stock dividends paid, partially offset by a decrease of $5.8 million in the January 2006 principal payment made on the Grand Gulf sale-leaseback compared to the January 2005 principal payment. 

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.

Capital Structure

System Energy's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. 

December 31,
 2007

December 31,
2006

Net debt to net capital 

47.4%

46.4%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

3.2%

4.2%

Debt to capital 

50.6%

50.6%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of capital lease obligations and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and common shareholder's equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. System Energy uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating System Energy's financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 System Energy requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt maturities;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel costs; and

dividend and interest payments.

333

Following are the amounts of System Energy's planned construction and other capital investments, existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments), and other purchase obligations: 

2008

2009-2010

2011-2012

After 2012

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment

$87

$69

N/A

N/A

$156

Long-term debt 

$76

$153

$226

$813

$1,268

Nuclear fuel lease obligations (1)

$30

$52

N/A

N/A

$82

Purchase obligations (2)

$12

$14

$18

$38

$82

(1)

It is expected that additional financing under the lease will be arranged as needed to acquire additional fuel, to pay interest, and to pay maturing debt. If such additional financing cannot be arranged, however, System Energy must repurchase sufficient nuclear fuel to allow the lessor to meet its obligations.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For System Energy, it includes nuclear fuel purchase obligations.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above, System Energy expects to contribute $1.7 million to other postretirement plans in 2008. System Energy does not expect to make a pension contribution in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of System Energy's pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, System Energy has $135.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

 The planned capital investment estimate for System Energy reflects capital required to support the existing business of System Energy. The planned construction and capital investment amounts given above also include initial development costs for potential new nuclear development at the Grand Gulf and River Bend sites, including licensing and design activities. This project is in the early stages, and several issues remain to be addressed over time before significant capital would be committed to this project. Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above.

 As a wholly-owned subsidiary, System Energy dividends its earnings to Entergy Corporation at a percentage determined monthly. Currently, all of System Energy's retained earnings are available for distribution.

Sources of Capital 

 System Energy's sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt issuances; and

bank financing under new or existing facilities.

 System Energy had three-year letters of credit in place that were scheduled to expire in March 2003 securing certain of its obligations related to the sale-leaseback of a portion of Grand Gulf. System Energy replaced the letters of credit before their expiration with new three-year letters of credit totaling approximately $198 million that were backed by cash collateral. In December 2003, System Energy replaced the cash-backed letters of credit with syndicated bank letters of credit. In December 2004, System Energy amended these letters of credit and they now expire in May 2009. 

 System Energy may refinance or redeem debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.

334

 All debt and common stock issuances by System Energy require prior regulatory approval. Debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements. System Energy has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.

System Energy has obtained a short-term borrowing authorization from the FERC under which it may borrow, through March 31, 2008, up to the aggregate amount, at any one time outstanding, of $200 million. In January 2008, System Energy filed an application with the FERC to extend the authorization period for its current short-term borrowing limits and money pool borrowing arrangement until March 2010. See Note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of System Energy's short-term borrowing limits. System Energy has also obtained an order from the FERC authorizing long-term securities issuances. The long-term authority extends through June 2009. 

 System Energy's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years

:

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

$53,620

$88,231

$277,287

$61,592

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.

Significant Factors and Known Trends

Energy Policy Act of 2005

 See "Energy Policy Act of 2005" in the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion, including a discussion of the implications of repeal of PUHCA 1935 and ongoing FERC regulation under the Federal Power Act.

Nuclear Matters

System Energy owns and operates Grand Gulf. System Energy is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. These include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. In the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of Grand Gulf, System Energy may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.

Environmental Risks

 System Energy's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that System Energy is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

335

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of System Energy's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of System Energy's financial position or results of operations.

Nuclear Decommissioning Costs 

See "Nuclear Decommissioning Costs" in the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Projected 
Qualified Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$501

$4,431

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$251

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$225

$1,306

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2007 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated
Postretirement Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$186

$926

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$140

$1,074

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

336

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for System Energy in 2007 was $3.2 million. System Energy anticipates 2008 qualified pension cost to decrease to $2.1 million. System Energy contributed $5.7 million to its qualified pension plans in 2007, with no required contribution in 2008. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of System Energy's pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for System Energy in 2007 were $1.2 million, including $1 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. System Energy expects 2008 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $1.7 million, including $0.9 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. System Energy anticipates contributions for postretirement health care and life insurance benefits costs to be $1.7 million in 2008.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

337

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholder
System Energy Resources, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of System Energy Resources, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related statements of income, of retained earnings, and of cash flows (pages
339 through 344 and applicable items in pages 59 through 172) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of System Energy Resources, Inc. as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 28, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 28, 2008

338

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$553,193 

$555,459  

$533,929  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

42,798 

44,062  

37,660  

 Nuclear refueling outage expenses

16,699 

16,642  

12,571  

 Other operation and maintenance

118,304 

108,022

106,377

Decommissioning

25,713 

23,919  

24,437  

Taxes other than income taxes

26,242 

23,963  

25,239  

Depreciation and amortization

122,765 

118,623  

119,572  

Other regulatory credits - net

(8,854)

(10,366)

(15,337)

TOTAL

343,667 

324,865  

310,519  

OPERATING INCOME

209,526 

230,594  

223,410  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

3,178 

2,285  

1,625  

Interest and dividend income

24,515 

21,511  

16,279  

Miscellaneous - net

382 

(392)

(417)

TOTAL

28,075 

23,404  

17,487  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

56,966 

59,829  

60,404  

Other interest - net

151 

102  

20  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(1,044)

(720)

(514)

TOTAL

56,073 

59,211  

59,910  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

181,528 

194,787  

180,987  

Income taxes

45,447 

54,529

69,343

NET INCOME

$136,081 

$140,258  

$111,644  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

339

(Page left blank intentionally)

340

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$136,081

$140,258

$111,644

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Other regulatory credits - net

(8,854)

(10,366)

(15,337)

 Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning

148,478

142,542

144,009

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

(37,827)

40,801  

(141,128)

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

(8,741)

(3,739)

277

 Accounts payable

9,814

5,500

(2,161)

 Taxes accrued

(47,988)

(180,180)

181,701

 Interest accrued

1,268

1,026

2,111

 Other working capital accounts

(23,841)

5,466

(10,159)

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

47

23

21

 Changes in other regulatory assets

15,250

9,315

10,566

 Other

38,214

 (22,587)

 (7,305)

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

221,901

128,059

274,239

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

(84,108)

(34,142)

(37,476)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

3,178

2,285

1,625

Nuclear fuel purchases

(56,264)

(370)

(48,391)

Proceeds from sale/leaseback of nuclear fuel

56,580

370

48,662

Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales

105,751

88,193

91,137

Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds

(134,176)

(114,654)

(113,362)

Change in money pool receivable - net

12,084

189,056

(215,695)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) investing activities

(96,955)

130,738

(273,500)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt

69,482

-

-

Retirement of long-term debt

(93,335)

(22,989)

(28,790)

Dividends paid:

 Common stock

(131,100)

(176,500)

(112,600)

Net cash flow used in financing activities

(154,953)

(199,489)

(141,390)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(30,007)

59,308

(140,651)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

135,012

75,704

216,355

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$105,005

$135,012

$75,704

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$50,437

$53,095

$52,508

 Income taxes

$85,105

$192,829

$29,914

See Notes to Financial Statements.

341

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2007

2006

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash

$406 

$56 

 Temporary cash investments - at cost,

 which approximates market

104,599 

134,956 

 Total cash and cash equivalents

105,005 

135,012 

Accounts receivable:

 Associated companies

112,598 

142,121 

 Other

3,921 

3,301 

 Total accounts receivable

116,519 

145,422 

Materials and supplies - at average cost

68,613 

61,097 

Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs

13,640 

5,060 

Prepayments and other

9,225 

1,480 

TOTAL

313,002 

348,071 

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Decommissioning trust funds

315,654 

281,430 

Note receivable - Entergy New Orleans

25,560 

 - 

TOTAL

341,214 

281,430 

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

3,273,390 

3,248,582 

Property under capital lease

475,157 

471,933 

Construction work in progress

88,296 

38,088 

Nuclear fuel under capital lease

81,616 

55,280 

Nuclear fuel

7,656 

10,222 

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

3,926,115 

3,824,105 

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

2,101,484 

2,000,320 

UTILITY PLANT - NET

1,824,631 

1,823,785 

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

93,083 

92,600 

 Other regulatory assets

274,202 

293,292 

Other

12,628 

14,062 

TOTAL

379,913 

399,954 

TOTAL ASSETS

$2,858,760 

$2,853,240 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

342

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

December 31,

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Currently maturing long-term debt

$26,701 

$93,335 

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

 8,902 

 1,634 

 Other

29,182 

26,636 

Taxes accrued

 - 

 47,988 

Accumulated deferred income taxes

4,494 

1,828 

Interest accrued

47,403 

46,135 

Obligations under capital leases

30,058 

33,142 

TOTAL

146,740 

250,698 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

314,991 

304,691 

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

65,184 

68,660 

Obligations under capital leases

51,558 

22,138 

Other regulatory liabilities

243,450 

242,029 

Decommissioning

368,559 

342,846 

Accumulated provisions

2,469 

2,422 

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

30,031 

32,060 

Long-term debt

773,266 

729,914 

Other 

145 

396 

TOTAL

1,849,653 

1,745,156 

Commitments and Contingencies

SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

Common stock, no par value, authorized 1,000,000 shares;

  issued and outstanding 789,350 shares in 2007 and 2006

789,350 

789,350 

Retained earnings

73,017 

68,036 

TOTAL

862,367 

857,386 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

$2,858,760 

$2,853,240 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

343

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

STATEMENTS OF RETAINED EARNINGS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

Retained Earnings, January 1

$68,036 

$104,278 

$105,234 

 Add:

 Net income

136,081 

140,258 

111,644 

 Deduct:

 Dividends declared

131,100 

176,500 

112,600 

Retained Earnings, December 31

$73,017 

$68,036 

$104,278 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

344

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

(Dollars In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$553,193 

$555,459 

$533,929 

$545,381 

$583,820 

Net Income

$136,081 

$140,258 

$111,644 

$105,948 

$106,003 

Total assets

$2,858,760 

$2,853,240 

$3,046,039 

$3,028,805 

$2,880,724 

Long-term obligations (1)

$824,824 

$752,052 

$882,949 

$887,448 

$898,377 

Electric energy sales (GWh)

8,440 

9,727 

9,070 

9,212 

9,812 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt) and noncurrent capital lease obligations.

345