Entergy and its subsidiaries operate in a market environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond their control. The following risk factors, as well as the risks discussed in "FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION" and in each of the registrant's Part II. Item 7. - Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis, may adversely affect Entergy's and the Registrant Subsidiaries' results of operations and cash flows, as well as the market prices of their publicly traded securities. While Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans and System Energy each believes it has identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting its business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect its performance or financial condition. 

Utility

Entergy's Utility business segment faces the risks described under this heading as well as the risks described under "General Business" below. 

Regulatory Risks

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans and System Energy)

The terms and conditions of service, including electric and gas rates, of the Utility operating companies and System Energy are determined through regulatory approval proceedings that are lengthy and subject to appeal that could result in delays in effecting rate changes as well as uncertainty as to ultimate results. 

The rates that the Utility operating companies and System Energy charge to provide service reflect their capital expenditures, operations and maintenance charges, allowed rates of return, financing costs, and related costs of service. The rates they charge significantly influence the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of both Entergy and that individual company. These rates are determined in regulatory proceedings and are subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. From time to time, regulators have initiated and, in the future, may initiate, proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs included in the Utility operating companies' base rates.  These proceedings may examine, among other things, the prudence of the companies' operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures, allowed rates of return, and previously incurred capital expenditures.  The regulatory bodies have the authority to disallow costs found not to have been prudently incurred, creating some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs.  These regulatory proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups, and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or reducing rates. The proceedings generally have long timelines, which may or may not be limited by statute. Decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with these approval proceedings. For information regarding rate case proceedings, reference is made to Note 2 to the financial statements and the "Utility
- Retail Rate Regulation
" section of Part 1 Item 1.

The Utility operating companies recover fuel and purchased power costs through rate mechanisms that are subject to risks of delay or disallowance in regulatory proceedings.

The Utility operating companies recover their fuel and purchased power costs from their customers through rate mechanisms subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. Because the regulatory bodies have authority to disallow incurred costs found not to have been prudently incurred, there exists some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. From time to time, regulators have initiated and, in the future, may initiate proceedings to investigate the adequacy and operation of the fuel recovery clauses of the Utility operating companies as well as their fuel and purchased power procurement practices. These proceedings may examine procurement practices as well as the operation of the Utility operating companies' generation facilities. The Utility operating companies' cash flows can be impacted by the time delays between when gas or power is purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers in rates. On occasion, when the level of incurred costs for fuel and purchased power rises very dramatically, some of the

 205

 Utility operating companies may agree to defer recovery of a portion of that month's fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital and borrowing requirements of those companies. For further information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power recovery, reference is made to the "Significant Factors and Known Trends 

- 
State and Local Rate Regulation and 
Fuel-Cost Recovery" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy and each of its Registrant Subsidiaries and Note 2 to the financial statements. 

As a result of a challenge by two retail regulatory bodies, the manner in which the Utility operating companies have traditionally shared the costs associated with coordinated planning, construction and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities has been changed by the FERC, which will require adjustment of retail rates in the jurisdictions where the Utility operating companies provide service and will introduce some uncertainty in the ratemaking process pending those adjustments.

The Utility operating companies have historically engaged in the coordinated planning, construction, and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities and shared the associated costs under the terms of a FERC rate schedule called the System Agreement. A December 2005 FERC decision requires changes to the cost allocation methodology used in that rate schedule, with the first potential reallocation payments, expected to be required of Entergy Arkansas, to be made in 2007 based on calendar year 2006 production costs. The payments made and the receipts by other Utility operating companies will need to be reflected in retail rates through regulatory proceedings. Accordingly, the affected Utility operating companies will submit the changes resulting from the FERC's decision to their retail regulators as part of their retail ratemaking processes. Entergy's management believes that any changes in the allocation of production costs resulting from the FERC's decision and related retail proceedings should result in similar rate changes for retail customers. The timing of recovery of these costs in rates could be the subject of additional proceedings before Entergy's retail regulators, and the retail regulators could initiate other proceedings as a result of the FERC decision on the System Agreement. 

For instance, the LPSC, APSC, MPSC and AEEC have appealed the FERC decision to the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. In June 2006, the APSC also filed a complaint with the FERC requesting an investigation into the prudence of Entergy's practices affecting the wholesale rates that flow through the System Agreement, and the LPSC initiated a proceeding at the FERC to investigate the effect of, and on what terms, Entergy Arkansas may withdraw from the System Agreement. In addition, in December 2005, Entergy Arkansas provided notice of its intent to terminate its participation in the System Agreement in ninety-six (96) months or such earlier time as authorized by the FERC.

Although the outcome and timing of the FERC and other proceedings cannot be predicted at this time, Entergy does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will have a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations. For information relating to the System Agreement proceedings, reference is made to the "Significant Factors and Known Trends
- Federal Regulation - 

System Agreement Proceedings" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy Corporation and each of its Registrant Subsidiaries
.

Changing Market Structure Risks

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi and Entergy New Orleans)

Entergy and its Utility operating companies face uncertainty with respect to the implementation of the various provisions of the Utility operating companies' independent coordinator of transmission proposal approved by the FERC and the outcome of related FERC, state, and local regulatory proceedings relating to transmission.

The Utility operating companies face uncertainties with respect to the implementation of various provisions of the Utility operating companies' independent coordinator of transmission proposal, including the establishment of the weekly procurement process and the implementation of the approved pricing policy. Additionally, the Utility operating companies face uncertainty as to the outcome of the Available Flowgate Capacity (AFC) proceedings at the FERC. To the extent the AFC hearing is not terminated in accordance with previous FERC orders, an adverse outcome in these

 206

 matters could negatively affect the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of Entergy Corporation and the Utility operating companies. Reference is made to the "
Significant Factors and Known Trends - Federal Regulation -

Independent Coordinator of Transmission and 
Available Flowgate Capacity Proceeding" sections of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy and each of its Registrant Subsidiaries for information regarding the ICT and the FERC's AFC proceedings.

(Entergy Corporation and Entergy Gulf States) 

Delays and uncertainty relating to the start of retail open access in Texas for Entergy Gulf States could have a material adverse effect on Entergy Gulf States' and Entergy Corporation's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

The PUCT has delayed implementation of retail open access in Entergy Gulf States' Texas service territory. In addition, the PUCT has not approved a base rate increase for Entergy Gulf States since 1991, although, pursuant to a statute enacted in June 2005, the PUCT approved rate riders allowing Entergy Gulf States to collect reasonable and necessary costs of incremental resources to meet load requirements and to recover reasonable and necessary transition to competition costs previously incurred by Entergy Gulf States. The statute also provides (i) for Entergy Gulf States to file a transition to competition plan, which Entergy Gulf States filed on December 29, 2006, and (ii) for Entergy Gulf States' Texas retail rates to be subject to cost-of-service regulation until retail customer choice is implemented in its service territory. The statute also extended the existing base rate freeze until mid-2008.

Under the transition to competition plan filed by Entergy Gulf States with the PUCT, Entergy Gulf States proposed joining the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, or ERCOT, since ERCOT already has all of the prerequisites for retail choice. Entergy Gulf States' filing includes an estimate that construction costs for facilities to interconnect Entergy Gulf States' Texas operations with ERCOT and implement retail open access could be approximately $1 billion. The plan contains several conditions, including cost recovery mechanisms, that must be met before Entergy Gulf States could proceed with the plan, and proposes several legislative requirements needed to accomplish the required infrastructure improvements. Assuming PUCT approval of the plan and the satisfaction of these conditions, retail open access could commence, at the earliest, in 2013.

Further extended delays and uncertainty with respect to the start of retail open access in Texas, particularly with respect to the PUCT's ultimate decision on the transition to competition plan filed on December 29, 2006, and the recovery of capital costs that may be incurred in connection with the implementation of the transition to competition plan, as well as the possibility of adverse decisions in proceedings currently pending, or which will be commenced in the future, at the PUCT (in each case whether related to the statute or otherwise), could have a material adverse effect on Entergy Gulf States' and Entergy Corporation's financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. For additional information regarding Entergy Gulf States' transition to competition plan, reference is made to the "Retail Rate Proceedings - Filings with the PUCT and Texas Cities (Entergy Gulf States)
" section of Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

The proposed jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States into two separate vertically integrated utilities could be delayed or not consummated at all. 

In June 2005, the Texas legislature enacted legislation authorizing Entergy Gulf States to proceed with a jurisdictional separation into two vertically integrated utilities, a Louisiana utility subject solely to the retail jurisdiction of the LPSC and a Texas utility subject solely to the retail jurisdiction of the PUCT. In January 2007, the LPSC approved Entergy Gulf States' plan for jurisdictional separation that specifies how the assets, obligations and liabilities of Entergy Gulf States will be divided between the resulting Louisiana utility and the resulting Texas utility. Pending the receipt of further regulatory approvals by the FERC and the NRC and the satisfaction of the other conditions set forth in the LPSC order, Entergy Gulf States has identified December 31, 2007 as the target date for completing the jurisdictional separation. 

The LPSC order specifically provides, as a condition to completing the proposed jurisdictional separation, that Entergy Gulf States must obtain reasonable assurances from the credit rating agencies that the jurisdictional separation will not cause the credit ratings of the resulting Louisiana utility

 207

 and Texas utility to be lower than Entergy Gulf States' credit ratings prior to separation. The LPSC order also provides that if Entergy Gulf States' credit ratings are downgraded at any time before the implementation of the jurisdictional separation, Entergy Gulf States will not proceed with the jurisdictional separation until its credit ratings improve to an acceptable level. In addition, the LPSC order expires, unless extended with the consent of the LPSC, on January 1, 2009 if the separation is not actually implemented on or before December 31, 2008. Factors that the credit rating agencies will consider in assessing the ratings to be issued for the separate Louisiana and Texas utilities will be the potential range of reasonable outcomes for Entergy Gulf States-Texas' planned base rate case to be filed in the third quarter of 2007 and other rate and regulatory proceedings before the PUCT and the LPSC. The PUCT has 185 days to act on a rate case filing after it is filed by the applicant. 

Pending receipt of the necessary regulatory approvals, assurances from the credit rating agencies as required under the LPSC order and the satisfaction of other conditions in the LPSC order, there is risk that the proposed jurisdictional separation could be delayed or not consummated at all, which could further delay or complicate the transition to competition plan in Texas filed by Entergy Gulf States with the PUCT. Reference is made to the "Significant Factors and Known Trends - Transition to Retail Competition 
- 
Jurisdictional Separation Plan," section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy Gulf States for information relating to the proposed jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States.

Operating Risks

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi and Entergy New Orleans)

A delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred, or revenue lost, as a result of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita could have material, adverse effects on Entergy and those Utility operating companies affected by these storms. 

As a result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi and Entergy Gulf States have incurred a total of approximately $1.48 billion through December 31, 2006 in storm restoration costs for the repair or replacement of their electric and gas facilities damaged by the hurricanes as well as for business continuity costs. These costs do not include other incremental losses, such as the inability to recover fixed costs scheduled for recovery through base rates due to reduced sales volumes resulting from the storms. Entergy and the Utility operating companies are pursuing a broad range of initiatives to recover storm restoration costs, including:

obtaining reimbursement of certain costs covered by insurance,

obtaining assistance through federal legislation for Hurricane Katrina as well as Hurricane Rita, and

pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by FERC, state and local regulatory bodies, in combination with the issuance of bonds securitized by the storm recovery rates.

The non-capital portion of the incurred and future restoration costs are being accumulated as regulatory assets and not charged against current income based upon expectation of cost recovery. Because some of the Utility operating companies have not completed the regulatory process for recovery of these storm costs, however, there is an element of risk regarding recovery. For further information regarding the effects of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, including the effect on revenues for those Utility operating companies where customers are unable to accept electric and gas service, reference is made to the "Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita
" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy and each of the Utility Operating Companies (except Entergy Arkansas).
 For further information with respect to storm cost recovery regulatory filings, reference is made to Note 2 to the financial statements.

 208

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi and Entergy New Orleans)

The effects of weather and the related impact on electricity and gas usage may adversely affect the Utility operating companies' results of operations.

Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below moderate levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. As a corollary, moderate temperatures tend to decrease usage of energy and resulting revenues. Seasonal pricing differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, typically cause the Utility operating companies to report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year than in the other quarters. Extreme weather conditions or storms, however, may stress the Utility operating companies' generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs, limits on their ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. These extreme conditions may have material adverse effects on the Utility operating companies' results of operations. 

(Entergy Gulf States and Entergy New Orleans)

The effect of higher purchased gas cost charges to customers may adversely affect Entergy Gulf States' and Entergy New Orleans'
 results of operations and cash flows.

Gas rates charged to customers are comprised primarily of purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to Entergy Gulf States or Entergy New Orleans, and distribution charges, which provide a return or profit to the utility. Distribution charges are affected by the amount of gas sold to customers. Purchased gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer's bill and may be adjusted quarterly, represent gas commodity costs that Entergy Gulf States or Entergy New Orleans recovers from its customers. Entergy Gulf States' or Entergy New Orleans' cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when gas is purchased and the time when ultimate recovery from customers is received. When purchased gas cost charges increase substantially reflecting higher gas procurement costs incurred by Entergy Gulf States or Entergy New Orleans customer usage may decrease, resulting in lower distribution charges for Entergy Gulf States or Entergy New Orleans. 

(System Energy)

System Energy owns and operates a single nuclear generating facility, and it is dependent on affiliated companies for all of its revenues.

System Energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% ownership/leasehold interest in Grand Gulf. Charges under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are paid by the Utility operating companies as consideration for their respective entitlements to receive capacity and energy and are payable on a full cost-of-service basis only so long as Grand Gulf remains in commercial operation. The useful economic life of Grand Gulf is finite and is limited by the terms of its operating license, which is currently due to expire on November 1, 2024. Payments under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are System Energy's only source of operating revenues. System Energy's financial condition depends both on the receipt of payments from the Utility operating companies under the Unit Power Sales Agreement and on the continued commercial operation of Grand Gulf. 

Nuclear Operating Risk

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana and System Energy)

Ownership and operation of nuclear facilities creates business, financial and waste disposal risks.

Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries own and operate ten nuclear power generating units and the shutdown Indian Point 1 nuclear reactor. These companies, therefore, are subject to the risks arising from owning and operating nuclear generating facilities. The factors and risks affecting these nuclear operations include:

 209

Nuclear capacity factor
s. Nuclear capacity factors significantly affect the Utility operating companies', System Energy's and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' results of operations. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently, to be successful, a plant owner must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase the Utility operating companies' operating costs by requiring them to generate additional energy, sometimes at higher costs, from their fossil or hydroelectric facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy their supply needs. 

Although most of the Non-Utility Nuclear forward sales are on a unit-contingent basis, some of the unit contingent contracts guarantee a capacity factor. Additionally, a small portion of the power the Non-Utility Nuclear plants produce is sold on a firm liquidated damages basis. In the event these plants were operating below the guaranteed capacity factors, these volumes would subject Entergy to price risk should the other regional generation plants not be able to produce adequate volumes.

Refueling outages
. Outages at nuclear stations to replenish fuel require the station to be "turned off." Refueling outages generally are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and currently average approximately 30 days in duration. When refueling outages last longer than anticipated or a plant owner experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease. As a result, the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries may face lower margins due to lower energy sales for unit contingent power supply contracts or potentially higher energy replacement costs for firm liquidated damages power supply contracts and for unit contingent contracts with capacity guarantees that are not met due to extended outages.

Cost and supply of nuclear fuel
. Entergy's nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that will provide substantially adequate nuclear fuel materials and services at reasonably predictable prices over the next several years. However, it will be necessary for Entergy to enter into additional arrangements to acquire nuclear fuel in the future. The uranium market supply became extremely limited in 2006 and remains so in early 2007, and predictable pricing is not currently available at reasonable cost for new commitments. For example, market prices for uranium concentrates have risen since December 2000 from about $7 per pound to a December 2006 value of over $70 per pound and upward price pressure has continued into 2007. The costs of obtaining supplies have therefore increased greatly for nuclear fuel users. While Entergy's nuclear fuel contract portfolio provides substantial price hedging against these market risks for several years, the increased costs for nuclear fuel operations in the future cannot be predicted with certainty due to market trends, and will affect the Utility operating companies and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' liquidity and costs of operations.

Regulatory risk

. Under the Atomic Energy Act and Energy Reorganization Act, the NRC heavily regulates the operation of nuclear power plants. The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. A change in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect the results of operations or financial position of Entergy (through its ownership of the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries), its Utility operating companies, or System Energy. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by one of these companies, may cause the NRC to initiate such actions. If an incident did occur at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by Entergy's subsidiaries, it could materially and adversely affect the business, financial position, results of operations and liquidity of Entergy, its Utility operating companies or System Energy. 

Operational risk

. Operations at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by Entergy's subsidiaries could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. A decision may be made to close a unit rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the unit to full capacity. For the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries, this could result in lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. 

Spent nuclear fuel storage

. The Utility operating companies,
System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries incur costs on an annual
basis for the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. The approval of a national
repository for the storage of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for
Yucca Mountain, Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will
significantly affect the costs associated with storage of spent nuclear fuel. In
addition, the availability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel may affect the
ability to fully decommission the nuclear units. 

210

Nuclear accident risk

. Although the safety record of nuclear reactors, including those reactors owned and operated by Entergy's subsidiaries, generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the U.S. and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. As an owner of nuclear power plants, Entergy participates in mandatory industry self-insurance programs and could be liable to fund claims should a plant owned by a different company experience a major event. Any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed any of the Utility operating companies' or the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' primary insurance coverage, and require contribution of additional funds through the industry-wide program that could significantly affect the results of operations or financial position of Entergy, a Utility operating company or System Energy. 

Nuclear insurance

. The Price-Anderson Act limits the liability of nuclear reactor owners for claims that could arise from a single incident. The limit as of December 31, 2006 is $10.76 billion and is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation, a change in the primary limit of insurance coverage, and changes in the number of licensed reactors. As required by the Price-Anderson Act, the Utility operating companies and Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries carry the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance (currently $300 million for each operating site). Claims for any incident exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool comprised of other nuclear reactors. In the event of a nuclear plant disaster that causes damages in excess of the $300 million in primary insurance coverage, each owner of a nuclear plant reactor, including Entergy's Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Non-Utility Nuclear plant owners, will be required to pay a retrospective premium, equal to its proportionate share of the loss in excess of the $300 million primary level, up to a maximum of $100.6 million per reactor per incident. The retrospective premium payment is currently set at $15 million per year per reactor. 

Decommissioning

. Owners of nuclear generating plants have an obligation to decommission those plants. The Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries maintain decommissioning trust funds for this purpose. The Utility operating companies collect funds from their customers, which are deposited into the trusts covering the units operated for or on behalf of those companies. Those rate collections are based upon operating license lives as well as estimated trust fund earnings and decommissioning costs. In connection with the acquisition of the nuclear plants, the Entergy Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries also acquired decommissioning trust funds that are funded in accordance with NRC regulations. An early plant shutdown, poor investment results or higher than anticipated decommissioning costs could cause trust fund assets to be insufficient to meet the decommissioning obligations, with the result that the Non-Utility Nuclear companies may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. For further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, reference is made to the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
- Nuclear Decommissioning Costs
" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy and each of its Registrant Subsidiaries (except Entergy Mississippi and Entergy New Orleans).

Non-Utility Nuclear

Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business segment faces the risks described under this heading, the risks associated with operating nuclear generating units discussed above under "Utility
- Nuclear Operating Risk" and the risks described under "General Business" below. The following risk factors apply only to Entergy Corporation, which operates this business segment through subsidiaries that are separate from the Utility operating companies and System Energy. 

(Entergy Corporation)

The nuclear power generation plants owned by Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business will be exposed to price risk to the extent they must compete for the sale of energy and capacity.

Entergy and its subsidiaries are not guaranteed any rate of
return on its capital investments in their unregulated businesses. In
particular, the sale of capacity and energy from the power generation plants
owned by its Non-Utility Nuclear business, unless otherwise contracted, is
subject to the fluctuation of market power prices. Market prices may fluctuate
substantially sometimes over relatively short periods of time and at other times

 211

 experience sustained increases or decreases. Demand for
electricity and its fuel stock can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of
substantial under- or over-supply. During periods of over-supply, prices might
be depressed. Also, at times there may be political pressure, or pressure from
regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy
commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, bidding rules
and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets. 

Among the factors that could affect market prices for electricity and fuel, all of which are beyond Entergy's control to a significant degree, are:

prevailing market prices for natural gas, uranium (and its conversion), coal, oil, and other fuels used in electric generation plants, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities;

seasonality;

availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources;

changes in production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal and crude oil and refined products;

liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market;

the actions of external parties, such as the FERC and local independent system operators, that may impose price limitations and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility in the energy markets;

transmission or transportation constraints, inoperability or inefficiencies;

weather conditions impacting demand for electricity or availability of hydroelectric power or fuel supplies;

the rate of growth in demand for electricity as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions and the implementation of conservation programs;

union and labor relations;

changes in federal and state energy and environmental laws and regulations including but not limited to the price impacts of proposed emission controls such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI); and

natural disasters, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events.

Concerns have been expressed regarding the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel, which could lead to restrictions upon the operation of the Non-Utility Nuclear generating units.

Concerns are being expressed in public forums about the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel, in particular in the northeastern United States, which is where the current fleet of Non-Utility Nuclear generating units is located. These concerns have led to, and are expected to continue to lead to, various proposals to federal regulators as well as governing bodies in some localities where Entergy's subsidiaries own nuclear generating units for legislative and regulatory changes that could lead to the shut-down of nuclear units, denial of license extension applications, municipalization of nuclear units, restrictions on nuclear units as a result of unavailability of sites for spent nuclear fuel storage and disposal, or other adverse effects on owning and operating nuclear generating units. Entergy vigorously responds to these concerns and proposals. However, if any of the proposals relating to legislative and regulatory changes becomes effective, it could have a material adverse effect on Entergy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

General Business

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans)

Entergy and the Utility operating companies face potential liquidity constraints to handle future contingencies such as future natural disasters or substantial increases in gas and fuel prices. 

Under normal circumstances, Entergy's business is capital
intensive and dependent upon its ability to access capital at reasonable rates
and other terms. The effects of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita on Entergy's
business created greater liquidity needs emphasizing the importance of Entergy's
and its subsidiaries' access to the capital markets. At times there are also
spikes in the price for natural gas and other commodities that increase the
liquidity requirements of the Utility operating companies. Specifically, after
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in the third and fourth quarters of 2005, there

 212

 was a rapid increase in natural gas and other commodity
prices. As a result, the Utility operating companies had increased working
capital and borrowing requirements to cover the higher than expected gas and
fuel prices and to finance the storm restoration costs. The Utility operating
companies then had to carry the higher incurred costs pending recovery through
existing regulatory fuel and purchased power recovery mechanisms, as well as
several different mechanisms for storm restoration cost recovery. 

The occurrence of one or more contingencies, including lower than expected insurance recovery with respect to storm restoration costs, or a delay in such recovery, a delay in regulatory recovery of storm restoration costs not covered by insurance, a greater than expected increase in natural gas prices and other commodity prices, an acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines in respect of fuel or power supply to the Utility operating companies, less cash flow from operations than expected, or other unknown events, such as future storms, could cause the financing needs of Entergy and its subsidiaries to increase.

In addition, accessing the capital markets more frequently in these situations may result in an increase in leverage. Material leverage increases could negatively affect the credit ratings of Entergy and the Utility operating companies, which in turn can negatively affect access to the capital markets. 

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans and System Energy)

A downgrade in Entergy Corporation's or its subsidiaries'
 credit ratings could negatively affect Entergy Corporation'
s and its subsidiaries'
 ability to access capital and/or could require Entergy Corporation or its subsidiaries to post collateral, accelerate certain payments or repay certain indebtedness. 

There are a number of factors that the rating agencies are currently evaluating in order to arrive at the credit ratings for Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries, including certainty as to recovery of storm costs through insurance, retail rates, securitization financings, and/or CDBG funds, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, the availability of committed external credit support, and Entergy Corporation's share repurchase program, dividend policy and other commitments for capital. If Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or Fitch Ratings were to downgrade Entergy Corporation's, any of the Utility operating companies' and/or System Entergy's ratings, particularly below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and cash collateral demands may be triggered by the terms of a number of commodity contracts, leases and other agreements. Most of Entergy Corporation's and its subsidiaries' large customers, suppliers and counterparties require sufficient creditworthiness to enter into transactions. If Entergy Corporation's or its subsidiaries' ratings were to decline, particularly below investment grade, or if certain counterparties determine Entergy Corporation or the Utility operating companies are losing creditworthiness and demand adequate assurance under fuel, gas and purchased power contracts, the counterparties may then require the posting of collateral in the form of cash or letters of credit, the prepayment before delivery of any fuel, gas or purchase power or the accelerated payment after such delivery, or the counterparties may decline to do business with Entergy Corporation or its subsidiaries. In addition, in the event of a decrease in Entergy Corporation's credit rating to below investment grade, Entergy Corporation may be required to replace in a short period of time the Entergy Corporation guarantees relating to some of the Non-Utility Nuclear business' agreements to sell power with approximately $1 billion in cash or letters of credit. 

The consequences of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita on the financial condition of Entergy Corporation and the Utility operating companies, and the related uncertainty associated with storm restoration cost recovery, together with other factors, such as the bankruptcy filing of Entergy New Orleans, negatively affected Entergy Corporation's credit profile and the credit profile of the Utility operating companies. Following Hurricane Katrina, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services placed Entergy Corporation and the Utility operating companies on credit watch with negative implications. Fitch Ratings also changed the credit ratings of the Utility operating companies to outlook negative and Moody's Investors Service, Inc. placed the debt ratings of Entergy Gulf States on review for possible downgrade. After the Entergy New Orleans bankruptcy filing, Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch downgraded the senior secured debt ratings of Entergy New Orleans to Caa1, D and CCC, respectively, and since December 2005, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. 
has withdrawn any rating of Entergy New Orleans. Currently, Standard & Poor's
has issued a negative outlook for Entergy Corporation and the Utility operating
companies (other than Entergy New Orleans), Moody's Investors Service, Inc. has
issued a stable outlook for

 213

 Entergy Corporation and the Utility operating
companies, thereby removing the review for possible downgrade for Entergy Gulf
States, and Fitch has placed the Utility operating companies on outlook stable.

The timing and outcome of Entergy New Orleans' emergence from bankruptcy is subject to certain risks. Until a plan of reorganization is confirmed and implemented, Entergy New Orleans' bankruptcy poses financial risks to Entergy Corporation and the other Utility operating companies. 

Entergy New Orleans cannot emerge from bankruptcy until a plan of reorganization has been confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court and the confirmed plan of reorganization becomes effective and is implemented. Entergy New Orleans filed a plan of reorganization that requires receipt, in cash, of $200 million in CDBG funds and $50 million in insurance proceeds as a condition to Entergy New Orleans' exit from bankruptcy. The Unsecured Creditors' Committee also filed a competing plan of reorganization that requires a $150 million credit facility for Entergy New Orleans to exit from bankruptcy. The Bankruptcy Court will conduct hearings on May 3 and 4, 2007 to determine whether to confirm the Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization, the Unsecured Creditors' Committee plan of reorganization, or neither plan of reorganization. If Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization is confirmed, there is a risk of delay in implementing the plan and emerging from bankruptcy pending Entergy New Orleans' receipt of $200 million in CDBG funds and $50 million in insurance proceeds. Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization sets an effective date of June 30, 2007 by which all conditions must be satisfied; however, in its plan, Entergy New Orleans reserves the right to seek Bankruptcy Court approval to postpone the effective date subject to certain conditions. If on or before June 30, 2007, or such later date as approved by the Bankruptcy Court, the conditions set forth in Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization have not occurred, then the confirmation order can be vacated by the Bankruptcy Court, in which event Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization cannot become effective.

Pending confirmation of a plan of reorganization and implementation of such plan, Entergy Corporation and the Utility operating companies are at risk for recovering investments in or funds advanced to Entergy New Orleans, including:

the recovery of Entergy Corporation's investment in Entergy New Orleans;

the recovery of amounts advanced by Entergy Corporation as general and administrative services and through debtor-in-possession financing; and

the payment of approximately $69 million of pre-petition payables owed by Entergy New Orleans to the other Utility operating companies.

For further information regarding Entergy New Orleans' bankruptcy, Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization, the Unsecured Creditors' Committee plan of reorganization and the DIP credit agreement, reference is made to the "
Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita - Entergy New Orleans Bankruptcy
"
 and
 "
Liquidity and Capital Resources
- Capital Expenditure Plans and Other Uses of Capital - 

Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement" sections of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy.

The Utility operating companies, System Energy and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters.

The businesses in which the Utility operating companies,
System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business operate are subject to
extensive environmental regulation by local, state and Federal authorities.
These laws and regulations affect the manner in which the Utility operating
companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business conduct their
operations and make capital expenditures. These regulations also affect how the
Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business
manage air emissions, discharges to water, solid and hazardous waste storage and
disposal, cooling and service water intake, the protection of threatened and
endangered species, hazardous materials transportation, and similar matters.
Federal, state, and local authorities continually revise these statutes and
regulations, and the statutes and regulations are subject to judicial
interpretation and to the permitting and enforcement discretion vested in the
implementing agencies. Developing and implementing plans for facility compliance
with these requirements can lead to capital, personnel, and operation and
maintenance expenditures. Violations of these requirements can subject the
Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business
to enforcement

 214

 actions, capital expenditures to bring existing
facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions
to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties, and
exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages. In
addition, the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility
Nuclear business are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of
remediation of environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by
the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear
business and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. The
Utility operating companies are currently involved in a number of proceedings
relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and may be
subject to additional proceedings in the future. The Utility operating
companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business have incurred and
expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance. 

Entergy and its subsidiaries may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, or if Entergy and its subsidiaries fail to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, the operation of its facilities could be stopped or become subject to additional costs. For further information regarding environmental regulation and environmental matters, reference is made to the "Regulation of Entergy
'
s Business
- Environmental Regulation
" section of Part I Item 1.

Entergy and its subsidiaries face exposure to changes in commodity prices, which can affect the value of assets and operating costs and which may not be adequately hedged against adverse changes. 

To manage their near-term financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, Entergy and its subsidiaries enter into contracts to hedge portions of their purchase and sale commitments, weather positions, fuel requirements and inventories of natural gas, uranium (and its conversion), lignite, coal, refined products, and other commodities, within established risk management guidelines. As part of this strategy, Entergy and its subsidiaries utilize fixed-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. However, Entergy and its subsidiaries can normally cover only a small portion of the exposure of their assets and positions to market price volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. In addition, Entergy also elects to leave certain volumes during certain years unhedged. To the extent Entergy and its subsidiaries have unhedged positions, fluctuating commodity prices can materially affect Entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations and financial position, either favorably or unfavorably. 

Although Entergy and its subsidiaries devote a considerable amount of management time and effort to these risk management strategies, they cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities. As a result of these and other factors, Entergy and its subsidiaries cannot predict with precision the impact that risk management decisions may have on their business, results of operations or financial position. 

Entergy has guaranteed or indemnified the performance of a portion of the obligations relating to hedging and risk management activities. Reductions in Entergy's credit quality or changes in the market prices of energy commodities could increase the cash collateral required to be posted in connection with hedging and risk management activities, which could materially affect Entergy's liquidity and financial position. For instance, after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in the third and fourth quarters of 2005, there was a rapid increase in natural gas and other commodity prices that resulted in increased collateral requirements for Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business.

The Utility operating companies and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business are exposed to the risk that counterparties may not meet their obligations. 

Entergy's Utility operating companies' and its Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' hedging and risk management activities are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe Entergy and its subsidiaries money, energy, or other commodities will not perform their obligations. Certain counterparties may fail to perform their obligations due to financial difficulties, brought on by various factors. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Entergy or its subsidiaries might be forced to acquire alternative hedging arrangements or honor the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. In such event, Entergy and its subsidiaries might incur losses in addition to amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties.

 215

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding.

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust under Entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans. Entergy's Utility operating companies and Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below the Utility operating companies' and Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the assets, as was experienced from 2000 to 2002, may increase the funding requirements of these obligations. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under Entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, or changes in federal regulations may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans. For further information regarding Entergy's pension and other postretirement benefit plans, reference is made to the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
- Qualified Pension and Other Benefits
" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy and each of its Registrant Subsidiaries and Note 11 to the financial statements.

The litigation environment in the states in which certain Entergy subsidiaries operate poses a significant risk to those businesses.

Entergy and its subsidiaries are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving employment, commercial, asbestos, hazardous material, ratepayer, and injuries and damages issues, among other matters. States in which the Utility operating companies operate, in particular Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas, have proven to be unusually litigious environments. Judges and juries in these states have demonstrated a willingness to grant large verdicts, including punitive damages, to plaintiffs in personal injury, property damage, and business tort cases. Entergy and its subsidiaries use legal and appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against them, but the litigation environment in these states poses a significant business risk.

Changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact Entergy's, the Utility operating companies' and System Energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Entergy and its subsidiaries are required to make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various financial transactions and results of operations in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, franchise, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes. These judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. Entergy and its subsidiaries also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. Changes in federal, state and/or local tax laws, adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by Entergy and its subsidiaries could negatively impact Entergy's, the Utility operating companies' and System Energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. For further information regarding Entergy's accounting for tax obligations, reference is made to Note 3 to the financial statements.

(Entergy Louisiana)

Entergy Louisiana will not join in filing the Entergy consolidated federal income tax return. Because it will file as a separate taxpayer, Entergy Louisiana's financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Entergy Louisiana will not join in the filing of Entergy's consolidated federal income tax return, although it is consolidated for financial reporting purposes. Entergy Louisiana will file a separate federal income tax return, will pay federal income taxes on a stand-alone basis, and will not be a party to Entergy's intercompany tax allocation agreement. Entergy Louisiana may make elections for tax purposes that may differ from those made by the Entergy consolidated tax group, which may result in Entergy Louisiana having more exposure to tax liability than it would have had, if included in the Entergy consolidated tax return, thereby adversely affecting Entergy Louisiana's financial condition. 

 216

(Entergy Corporation)

Entergy Corporation's holding company structure could limit its ability to pay dividends.

Entergy Corporation is a holding company with no material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. Accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. Entergy Corporation's ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends by its subsidiaries. The payments of dividends to Entergy Corporation by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. Provisions in the articles of incorporation, indentures for debt issuances and other agreements of certain of Entergy Corporation's subsidiaries restrict the payment of cash dividends to Entergy Corporation. For further information regarding dividend restrictions to Entergy Corporation, reference is made to the "COMMON
EQUITY - Retained Earnings and Dividend Restrictions
" section of Note 7 to the financial statements.