Investors should review carefully the following risk factors and the other information in this Form 10-K. The risks that Entergy faces are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect Entergy's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. See "FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION." 

Utility Regulatory Risks

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas and System Energy)

The terms and conditions of service, including electric and gas rates, of the Utility operating companies and System Energy are determined through regulatory approval proceedings that are lengthy and subject to appeal that could result in delays in effecting rate changes and uncertainty as to ultimate results. 

The rates that the Utility operating companies and System Energy charge reflect their capital expenditures, operations and maintenance charges, allowed rates of return, financing costs, and related costs of service. These rates significantly influence the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of Entergy and each of the Utility operating companies and System Energy. These rates are determined in regulatory proceedings and are subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. 

In addition, regulators can initiate proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs in the Utility operating companies' base rates and examine, among other things, the prudence of the companies' operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures (including storm costs), allowed rates of return and appropriate rate base, proposed resource acquisitions and previously incurred capital expenditures.  The regulators can disallow costs found not to have been prudently incurred, creating some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. Regulatory proceedings relating to rates and other matters typically involve multiple parties seeking to limit or reduce rates. The proceedings generally have long timelines, are primarily based on historical costs, and may or may not be limited by statute, which could cause the Utility operating companies and System Energy to experience regulatory lag in recovering such costs through rates. Decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with rate case proceedings. The Utility operating companies and System Energy, and the energy industry as a whole, have experienced a period of rising costs and investments, which could result in more frequent rate cases and requests for, and the continuation of, cost recovery mechanisms. For information regarding rate case proceedings, see Note 2 to the financial statements.

The Utility operating companies recover fuel and purchased power costs through rate mechanisms that are subject to risks of delay or disallowance in regulatory proceedings.

The Utility operating companies recover their fuel and purchased power costs from their customers through rate mechanisms subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. Because the regulatory bodies have authority to disallow incurred costs found not to have been prudently incurred, there exists some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. Regulators can initiate proceedings to investigate the continued usage or the adequacy and operation of the fuel and purchased power recovery clauses of the Utility operating companies and their fuel and purchased power procurement practices.

The Utility operating companies' cash flows can be negatively affected by the time delays between when gas, power or other commodities are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers in rates. On occasion, when the level of incurred costs for fuel and purchased power rises very dramatically, some of the Utility operating companies may agree to defer recovery of a portion of that period's fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital and borrowing requirements of those companies. For a description of fuel and purchased power recovery mechanisms and information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power recovery, see Note 2 to the financial statements.

234

As a result of a challenge by two retail regulatory bodies, the manner in which the Utility operating companies have traditionally shared the costs associated with coordinated planning, construction and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities has been changed by the FERC, which will require adjustment of retail rates in the jurisdictions where the Utility operating companies provide service and has introduced additional uncertainty in the ratemaking process.

The Utility operating companies historically have engaged in the coordinated planning, construction, and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities under the terms of the System Agreement, which is a rate schedule that has been approved by the FERC. In 2005, the FERC issued a decision requiring changes to the cost allocation methodology used in that rate schedule. In 2007 and 2008, payments (based on calendar year 2006 and 2007 production costs, respectively) were made by Entergy Arkansas to certain of the Utility operating companies. Although actual payments/receipts for 2009, based on calendar year 2008 production costs, will not be calculated until the Utility operating companies have filed their FERC Form 1s, preliminary estimates indicate that Entergy Arkansas will be required to make payments of $394 million in 2009 (as compared to $252 million in each of 2007 and 2008). Entergy's management believes that any changes in the allocation of production costs resulting from the FERC's decision and related retail proceedings should result in similar rate changes for retail customers. The timing of recovery of these costs in rates, however, could be the subject of additional regulatory and other proceedings. 

In December 2005, Entergy Arkansas provided notice of its intent to terminate its participation in the System Agreement. In November 2007, Entergy Mississippi provided its notice to terminate its participation in the System Agreement. Each notice of termination is effective ninety-six (96) months from the date of notice or such earlier date as authorized by the FERC. Entergy cannot predict the timing or the form of any successor arrangement to the System Agreement, to the extent one is implemented, or the effect such a successor arrangement (or the absence thereof) will have on Entergy or the Utility operating companies.

The LPSC, APSC, MPSC and the AEEC have appealed the 2005 FERC decision to the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. Entergy and the City of New Orleans intervened in the various appeals. The D.C. Circuit issued its decision in April 2008. The D.C. Circuit affirmed the FERC's decision in most respects, but remanded the case to the FERC for further proceedings and reconsideration of its conclusion that it was prohibited from ordering refunds and its determination to implement the bandwidth remedy commencing with calendar year 2006 production costs (with the first payments/receipts commencing in June 2007), rather than commencing the remedy on June 1, 2005. The D.C. Circuit concluded the FERC had failed to offer a reasoned explanation regarding these issues. On July 17, 2008, the Utility operating companies filed with FERC a motion proposing additional procedures on the remanded issues. The proceeding is pending at the FERC. For information regarding these and other proceedings associated with the System Agreement, as well as additional information regarding the System Agreement itself, see "Rate, Cost-recovery, and Other Regulation
- Federal Regulation - 
System Agreement Proceedings" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy Corporation and each of the Registrant Subsidiaries
. See "
Fuel and purchased power cost recovery, 
Entergy Texas," in Note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of a PUCT decision that Entergy Texas is currently challenging regarding its rough production cost equalization receipts that could result in $18.6 million of trapped costs between Entergy's Texas and Louisiana jurisdictions.
 Although the outcome and timing of the FERC and these other proceedings and appeals cannot be predicted at this time, Entergy Corporation and the Utility operating subsidiaries do not believe that the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on their liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas)

A delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred, as a result of severe weather could have material adverse effects on Entergy and those Utility operating companies affected by severe weather. 

 Entergy's and its Utility operating companies' results of operations, liquidity and financial condition can be materially adversely affected by the destructive effects of severe weather. Severe weather can also result in significant outages for the customers of the Utility operating companies and, therefore, reduced revenues for the Utility operating companies during the period of the outages.

A delay or failure in recovering amounts

235

 for storm restoration costs incurred or revenues lost as a result of severe weather could have a material adverse effect on Entergy and those Utility operating companies affected by severe weather. For example, as a result of Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans and Entergy Texas expect to incur a total of approximately $1.295 billion to $1.360 billion in storm restoration costs for the repair or replacement of their electric facilities damaged by the hurricanes. In addition, as a result of ice storms in Entergy Arkansas' service territory in January 2009, Entergy Arkansas expects to incur a total of approximately $165 million to $200 million in storm restoration costs for the repair or replacement of the electric facilities damaged by the storms. Entergy and certain of the Utility operating companies are considering all reasonable avenues to recover storm-related costs, including, but not limited to, accessing funded storm reserves; federal and local cost recovery mechanisms, including requests for Community Development Block Grant funding; securitization; and insurance, to the extent deductibles are met.

 The non-capital portion of the restoration costs are being accumulated as regulatory assets (except for Entergy Arkansas) and not charged against current income based upon expectation of cost recovery. Because the Utility operating companies have not completed the regulatory process for recovery of these storm costs, however, there is an element of risk regarding recovery. For example, Entergy Arkansas requested the deferral of $26 million in a regulatory asset that represents extraordinary storm restoration costs for the year 2008 that are in excess of the $14.4 million included in base rates. The regulatory asset would be recovered through a surcharge over a 12-month period beginning in January 2009. On December 19, 2008, the APSC approved Entergy Arkansas' request to defer 2008 extraordinary storm restoration costs for recovery via a storm damage rider in 2009. The APSC reduced Entergy Arkansas' request by $4 million to allow for standard variation in storm costs from the normalized level in base rates. Entergy Arkansas is permitted to recover the retail portion of $22.3 million, subject to adjustments arising from storm cost audit, earnings review, and other items consistent with past regulatory practice. For further information regarding the effects of Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike, see "Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis - Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike" for Entergy and each of the Utility operating companies (other than Entergy Mississippi). For further information with respect to storm cost recovery regulatory filings, see Note 2 to the financial statements.

A failure to obtain renewed licenses for the continued operation of the Non-Utility Nuclear nuclear power plants could negatively affect Entergy's operations and lead to an increase in decommissioning costs and depreciation rates.

The pending license renewal applications for four of Non-Utility Nuclear's nuclear power plants and the potential license renewal applications of the Utility operating company nuclear plants are the subject of significant public and local political debate as well as state permitting requirements. Various parties have expressed opposition to the pending license renewal applications. In addition, a group of environmental and civic organizations has filed a petition with the NRC seeking a suspension of the currently pending license renewal proceedings for Indian Point, Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee. In addition to the NRC license renewal process with respect to Vermont Yankee, the Vermont Public Service Board will need to amend the certificate of public good held by Entergy Vermont Yankee, LLC and Entergy Nuclear Operations, which also requires Vermont legislative approval, and the Vermont Public Service Board and the Vermont legislature must approve the continued operation of Vermont Yankee and the storing of generated spent fuel in Vermont after March 21, 2012. If the NRC or the states in which Entergy's nuclear power plants are located, to the extent applicable, do not renew the operating licenses for one or more of these plants, or otherwise do not take the necessary actions for the continued operation of these plants, Entergy's results of operations could be adversely affected by loss of revenue associated with the plant or plants, increased depreciation rates and accelerated and increased decommissioning costs. In addition, Entergy may incur increased operating costs depending on any conditions that may be imposed in connection with license renewal.

236

Changing Market Structure Risk

(Entergy Corporation and Entergy Texas) 

Delays and uncertainty relating to the start of retail open access in Texas for Entergy Texas could have a material adverse effect on Entergy Texas' and Entergy Corporation's financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

The PUCT has delayed implementation of retail open access in Entergy Texas' service territory. Pursuant to a statute enacted in June 2005, in 2006, the PUCT approved a rate rider allowing Entergy Texas to recover reasonable and necessary transition to competition costs previously incurred by Entergy Texas. The statute also provides (i) for Entergy Texas to file a transition to competition plan, which Entergy Texas filed on December 29, 2006, and (ii) for Entergy Texas' retail rates to be subject to cost-of-service regulation until retail customer choice is implemented in its service territory. 

Under the transition to competition plan filed by Entergy Texas with the PUCT, Entergy Texas proposed joining the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, or ERCOT, because ERCOT already has all of the prerequisites for retail choice. Entergy Texas' filing included an estimate that construction costs for facilities to interconnect Entergy Texas' operations with ERCOT and implement retail open access could be approximately $1 billion. Under Entergy Texas' plan, retail open access could commence as early as 2013, although that is unlikely given recent PUCT decisions. For additional information regarding joining ERCOT, see the "Electric Industry Restructuring (Entergy Texas)
"
 section of Note 2 to the financial statements.

Further extended delays and uncertainty with respect to whether retail open access will be implemented in Texas, particularly with respect to the PUCT's ultimate decision on the power region proposed in the transition to competition plan filed in 2006, and the recovery of capital costs that may be incurred in connection with the implementation of that aspect of the transition to competition plan, as well as the possibility of adverse decisions in proceedings currently pending, or which will be commenced in the future, at the PUCT (in each case whether related to the statute or otherwise), could have a material adverse effect on Entergy Texas' and Entergy Corporation's financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. For additional information regarding Entergy Texas' transition to competition plan, see the "Retail Rate Proceedings - Filings with the PUCT and Texas Cities (Entergy Texas)
" section of Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

Nuclear Operating and Regulatory Risks 

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy) 

Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries must consistently operate their nuclear power plants at high capacity factors in order to be successful, and lower capacity factors could materially adversely affect Entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

 Nuclear capacity factors significantly affect certain Utility operating companies', System Energy's and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' results of operations. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs, as well as non-fixed costs associated with plant operating conditions and issues. Consequently, to be successful, a plant owner must consistently operate its nuclear power plants at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase operating costs by requiring the affected companies to generate additional energy, sometimes at higher costs, from their fossil or hydroelectric facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy their supply needs. Although most of the Non-Utility Nuclear forward sales are on a pure unit-contingent basis, which depends on the availability of the asset, some of the unit-contingent contracts guarantee a specific capacity factor. Non-Utility Nuclear forward sales can also be on a Firm LD basis. In the event these plants were operating below the guaranteed capacity factors, the unit-contingent contracts carrying damage provisions would subject the Entergy System to price risk for the undelivered power should the other regional generation plants not be able to produce adequate volumes at or below the contract price.

237

Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries periodically shutdown their nuclear power plants to replenish fuel. Plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such fuel outages. If refueling outages last longer than anticipated or if unplanned outages arise, Entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected.

Outages at nuclear power plants to replenish fuel require the plant to be "shutdown." Refueling outages generally are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and have historically averaged approximately 30 days in duration. Plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such planned outages. When planned outages last longer than anticipated or a plant experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and maintenance costs increase. The Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries may face lower margins due to higher costs and lower energy sales for unit-contingent power supply contracts or potentially higher energy replacement costs for unit-contingent contracts with capacity guarantees that are not met due to extended or unplanned outages.

Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries face risks related to the purchase of uranium fuel (and its conversion, enrichment and fabrication), and their inability to effectively manage these risks by purchasing from a diversified mix of sellers located in a diversified mix of countries could materially adversely affect Entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Based upon currently planned fuel cycles, Entergy's nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that provides substantially adequate nuclear fuel materials and conversion and enrichment services at what Entergy believes are reasonably predictable through most of 2010. Entergy's ability to purchase nuclear fuel at reasonably predictable prices, however, depends upon the creditworthiness and performance reliability of uranium miners, as well as upon the structure of Entergy's contracts for the purchase of nuclear fuel. For example, some of the supply under Entergy's contracts for nuclear fuel is effectively on a "mine-contingent" basis, which means that if applicable mines are unable to supply sufficient uranium, Entergy may be required to purchase some nuclear fuel from another supplier. There are a number of possible alternate suppliers that may be accessed to mitigate such an event, including potentially drawing upon Entergy's own inventory intended for later generation periods depending upon its risk management strategy at that time, although the pricing of any such alternate uranium supply from the market will be dependent upon the market for uranium supply at that time. The market for uranium supply became extremely limited and volatile in 2006 and 2007, but settled down substantially in 2008. Market prices for uranium concentrates rose from about $7 per pound in December 2000 to a 2007 range of $70 to $135 per pound, but in 2008 traded in a range of about $45 to $90 per pound and ended the year around $50 per pound. Although some level of uranium price volatility is possible, the high 2007 level of volatility is not expected to continue (Entergy anticipates more like the 2008 degree of price volatility, or less, barring major supply events), and the effects of market price changes may be reduced and deferred by risk management strategies (such as opportunistic buying for inventory or entering into forward physical contracts at fixed prices when Entergy believes it is appropriate and useful). Entergy buys uranium from a diversified mix of sellers located in a diversified mix of countries, and from time to time purchases from nearly all qualified reliable major market participants worldwide that sell into the U.S. The recent higher nuclear fuel market prices of 2006-2009 compared to the 2000-2005 period affect the U.S. nuclear utility industry, including Entergy, first in cash flow requirements for fuel acquisition, and then, some time later, in nuclear fuel expenses. For example, for a nuclear fleet the size of Entergy's, the current market value of annual enriched uranium requirements has increased by several hundred million dollars compared to about five years ago. As nuclear fuel installed in the core in nuclear power plants is replaced fractionally over an approximate five-year period, nuclear fuel expense is beginning to, and will eventually with a time lag, reflect current market prices and can be expected to increase from the previously reported industry levels of about 0.5 cents per kWh to closer to 1.0 cent per kWh. Entergy's nuclear fuel contract portfolio has provided a degree of price hedging against the full extent of market prices through 2010, but market trends will eventually affect the costs of all nuclear plant operators. Although Entergy's nuclear fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against these market risks for several years, the increased costs for nuclear fuel in the future cannot be predicted with certainty due to market trends, and could materially adversely affect certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.

238

Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries face the risk that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission will change or modify its regulations or suspend or revoke their licenses, which could materially adversely affect Entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

 Under the Atomic Energy Act and Energy Reorganization Act, the NRC regulates the operation of nuclear power plants. The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. A change in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect the results of operations, liquidity or financial condition of Entergy (through its ownership of the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries), its Utility operating companies, System Energy or the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by one of these companies, may cause the NRC to initiate such actions. As a result, if an incident were to occur at any nuclear generating unit
-whether an Entergy nuclear generating unit or not - it could materially adversely affect the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of Entergy, certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy or the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries.

A failure to obtain renewed licenses for the continued operation of the Non-Utility Nuclear nuclear power plants could negatively affect Entergy's operations and lead to an increase in decommissioning costs and depreciation rates.

The pending license renewal applications for four of Non-Utility Nuclear's nuclear power plants and the potential license renewal applications of the Utility operating company nuclear plants are the subject of significant public and local political debate as well as state permitting requirements. Various parties have expressed opposition to the pending license renewal applications. In addition, a group of environmental and civic organizations has filed a petition with the NRC seeking a suspension of the currently pending license renewal proceedings for Indian Point, Pilgrim and Vermont Yankee. In addition to the NRC license renewal process with respect to Vermont Yankee, the Vermont Public Service Board will need to amend the certificate of public good held by Entergy Vermont Yankee, LLC and Entergy Nuclear Operations, which also requires Vermont legislative approval, and the Vermont Public Service Board and the Vermont legislature must approve the continued operation of Vermont Yankee and the storing of generated spent fuel in Vermont after March 21, 2012. If the NRC or the states in which Entergy's nuclear power plants are located, to the extent applicable, do not renew the operating licenses for one or more of these plants, or otherwise do not take the necessary actions for the continued operation of these plants, Entergy's results of operations could be adversely affected by loss of revenue associated with the plant or plants, increased depreciation rates and accelerated and increased decommissioning costs. In addition, Entergy may incur increased operating costs depending on any conditions that may be imposed in connection with license renewal.

Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries are exposed to risks and costs related to operating and maintaining their aging nuclear power plants, and their failure to maintain operational efficiency at their nuclear power plants could materially adversely affect Entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

 The nuclear generating units owned by certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, 

and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business began commercial operations in the
1970s-1980s. Older equipment may require significant capital expenditures to
keep each of these nuclear power plants operating efficiently. This equipment is
also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. Any unexpected
failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any
unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in reduced profitability.
Operations at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by
Entergy's subsidiaries could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs
to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. If this were to happen,
identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense.
A decision may be made to close a unit rather than incur the expense of
restarting it or returning the unit to full

239

 capacity. For the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries, this
could result in lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to
meet supply commitments and penalties for failure to perform under its contracts
with customers. Moreover, Entergy is becoming more dependent on fewer suppliers
for key parts of Entergy's nuclear power plants that may need to be replaced or
refurbished. This dependence on a reduced number of suppliers could result in
replacement delays in obtaining qualified parts and, therefore, greater expense
for Entergy.

The costs associated with the storage of the spent nuclear fuel of certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries, as well as the costs of and their ability to fully decommission their nuclear power plants, could be significantly affected by the timing of the opening of a spent nuclear fuel storage facility such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain, Nevada, as well as interim storage and transportation requirements. 

 Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries incur costs on an annual basis for the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. The approval of a national repository for the storage of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain, Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of spent nuclear fuel. The costs of on-site storage will also be subject to regulatory requirements for such storage as well as transportation to a permanent storage facility. In addition, the availability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel may affect the ability to fully decommission the nuclear units and the costs relating to decommissioning.

Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries may be required to pay substantial retrospective premiums imposed under the Price-Anderson Act in the event of a nuclear incident, and losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on Entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

 Accidents and other unforeseen problems at nuclear power plants have occurred both in the United States and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. The Price-Anderson Act limits each reactor owner's public liability for a single nuclear incident to the payment of retrospective premiums into a secondary insurance pool of up to approximately $117.5 million per reactor. With 104 reactors currently participating, this translates to a total public liability cap of approximately $12.2 billion per incident. The limit is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation, a change in the primary limit of insurance coverage, and changes in the number of licensed reactors. As required by the Price-Anderson Act, the Utility operating companies, System Energy, and Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries carry the maximum available amount of primary nuclear liability insurance (currently $300 million for each operating site). Claims for any nuclear incident exceeding that amount are covered under the retrospective premiums paid into the secondary insurance pool. As a result, in the event of a nuclear incident that causes damages in excess of the $300 million in primary insurance coverage, each owner of a nuclear plant reactor, including Entergy's Utility operating companies, System Energy, and the Non-Utility Nuclear plant owners, will be required to pay a retrospective premium, equal to its proportionate share of the loss in excess of the $300 million primary level, up to a maximum of $117.5 million per reactor per incident (Entergy's maximum total contingent obligation per incident is $1.3 billion). The retrospective premium payment is currently limited to $17.5 million per year per reactor until the aggregate public liability for each licensee is paid up to the $117.5 million cap. As an owner of nuclear power plants, Entergy participates in these mandatory industry self-insurance programs and could be liable to fund claims should a plant owned by a different company experience a major event. Any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed any of the Utility operating companies', System Energy's, or the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' primary insurance coverage, and require contribution of additional funds through the industry-wide program that could significantly affect the results of operations, financial condition or liquidity of Entergy, certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy or the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries.

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of assets in the decommissioning trusts, which then could require significant additional funding.

 9;
Owners of nuclear generating plants have an obligation to decommission those plants. Certain of the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries maintain decommissioning trust funds for this purpose. Certain of the Utility operating companies collect funds from their customers, which are deposited into the trusts covering the units operated for or on behalf of those companies. Those rate collections are based upon operating license lives as well as estimated trust fund earnings and decommissioning costs. In connection with the acquisition of certain nuclear plants, the Entergy Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries also acquired decommissioning trust funds that are funded in accordance with NRC regulations. Assets in these trust funds are subject to market fluctuations, will yield uncertain returns that may fall below projected return rates, and may result in losses resulting from the recognition of impairments of the value of certain

240

 securities held in these trust funds. An early plant shutdown, poor investment results (depending on the performance of and volatility in the capital markets) or higher than anticipated decommissioning costs could cause trust fund assets to be insufficient to meet the decommissioning obligations, with the result that the Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. For further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, see the "Critical Accounting Estimates
- Nuclear Decommissioning Costs
" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, and System Energy.

(Entergy Corporation)

The decommissioning trust fund assets for the nuclear power plants owned by Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries may not be adequate to meet decommissioning obligations if one or more of their nuclear power plants is retired earlier than the anticipated shutdown date or if current regulatory requirements change which then could require additional funding. 

Under Nuclear Regulatory Commission regulations, Entergy is permitted to project the Nuclear Regulatory Commission-required decommissioning amount based on a Nuclear Regulatory Commission formula and the amount in each of its Non-Utility Nuclear nuclear power plant's decommissioning trusts. The projections are made based on the scheduled shutdown date and the mid-point of the subsequent decommissioning process for each of these nuclear power plants, with the earliest scheduled shutdown being Vermont Yankee in 2012. As a result, if the projected amount of our decommissioning trusts exceeds the projected Nuclear Regulatory Commission-required decommissioning amount, then its decommissioning obligations are considered to be funded in accordance with Nuclear Regulatory Commission regulations. In the event the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's formula does not sufficiently reflect the actual costs Entergy would be required to incur to decommission these nuclear power plants, additional resources would be required. Furthermore, depending upon the level of funding available in the trust funds, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may not permit the trust funds to be used to pay for related costs such as the management of spent nuclear fuel that are not included in the formula. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may also require that separate financial assurances be provided as part of a plan for the funding of spent fuel management costs. In addition to Nuclear Regulatory Commission requirements, certain of the states in which Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear nuclear power plants are located have imposed other decommissioning related obligations, which Entergy believes it will be able to satisfy. With respect to the decommissioning trusts for Vermont Yankee, Indian Point 2 and Palisades, the total amount in each of those trusts as of December 31, 2008 would not have been sufficient to initiate and complete the immediate near-term decommissioning of the respective unit as of such date, but rather the funds would have been sufficient to place the unit in a condition of safe storage status pending future completion of decommissioning. For example, if Entergy had decided to shutdown and immediately begin decommissioning one of those nuclear power plants on December 31, 2008, its trust funds for the plant would have been insufficient and Entergy would have been required to rely on other capital resources to fund the entire decommissioning obligations unless the completion of decommissioning could be deferred during many years of safe storage status. Thus, if Entergy decides to shutdown one of these nuclear power plants earlier than the scheduled shutdown date, Entergy may be unable to rely upon only the decommissioning trust to fund the entire decommissioning obligations, which would require it to obtain funding from other sources. Further, federal or state regulatory changes, including mandated increases in decommissioning funding, may also increase the funding requirements of, or accelerate the timing for funding of, the obligations related to the decommissioning of its Non-Utility Nuclear nuclear power plants. As a result, under any of these circumstances, Entergy's results of operations, liquidity and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

241

(Entergy Corporation)

The nuclear power plants owned by Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business will be exposed to price risk to the extent they must compete for the advance sale of energy and capacity or accept spot prices in the day-ahead markets.

Entergy and its subsidiaries are not guaranteed any rate of return on their capital investments in non-utility regulated businesses. In particular, the sale of capacity and energy from the nuclear power plants owned by Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business, unless otherwise contracted, is subject to the fluctuation of market power prices. As of December 31, 2008, the nuclear power generation plants owned by Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business had sold forward 86%, 66%, 46%, 25% and 18% of its generation portfolio's planned energy output for 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. The obligations under most of these agreements are contingent on a unit being available to generate power. For some unit-contingent obligations, however, there is also a guarantee of availability that provides for the payment to the power purchaser of contract damages, if incurred, in the event the unit owners fails to deliver power as a result of the failure of the specified generation unit to generate power at or above a specified availability threshold. In addition, for those obligations that are not unit-contingent, the unit owner will be required to pay the purchaser the difference between the market price at the delivery point and the contract price, and the amount of such payments could be substantial. 

Market prices may fluctuate substantially sometimes over relatively short periods of time and at other times experience sustained increases or decreases. Demand for electricity and its fuel stock can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. During periods of over-supply, prices might be depressed. Also, at times there may be political pressure, or pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets. 

When sold in advance, contract prices are influenced both by market conditions as well as the contract terms such as damage provisions, credit support requirements and the number of available counterparties interested in contracting for the desired forward period. Depending on differences between market factors at the time of contracting versus current conditions, Non-Utility Nuclear's contract portfolio may have average contract prices greater or below current market prices, including at the expiration of the contracts, which could significantly affect Non-Utility Nuclear's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Among the factors that could affect market prices for electricity and fuel, all of which are beyond Entergy's control to a significant degree, are:

prevailing market prices for natural gas, uranium (and its conversion, enrichment and fabrication), coal, oil, and other fuels used in electric generation plants, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities;

seasonality;

availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources and the requirements of a renewable portfolio standard;

changes in production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal and crude oil and refined products;

liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market;

the actions of external parties, such as the FERC and local independent system operators, that may impose price limitations and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility in the energy markets;

transmission or fuel transportation constraints, inoperability or inefficiencies;

the general demand for electricity;

weather conditions affecting demand for electricity or availability of hydroelectric power or fuel supplies;

the rate of growth in demand for electricity as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions and the implementation of conservation programs;

regulatory policies of state agencies that affect the willingness of Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear customers to enter into long-term contracts generally, and contracts for energy in particular;

242

increases in supplies due to actions of current Entergy Non-Utility Nuclear competitors or new market entrants, including the development of new generation facilities, expansion of existing generation facilities, the disaggregation of vertically integrated utilities and improvements in transmission that allow additional supply to reach Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear markets;

union and labor relations;

changes in Federal and state energy and environmental laws and regulations and other initiatives, including but not limited to, the price impacts of proposed emission controls such as the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative (RGGI); and

natural disasters, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events.

New or existing safety concerns regarding operating nuclear power plants and nuclear fuel could lead to restrictions upon the operation of the Non-Utility Nuclear power plants.

Concerns are being expressed in public forums about the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel, in particular in the northeastern United States, which is where five of the six units in the current fleet of Non-Utility Nuclear generating units are located. These concerns have led to, and are expected to continue to lead to, various proposals to Federal regulators as well as governing bodies in some localities where Entergy's subsidiaries own nuclear generating units for legislative and regulatory changes that could lead to the shut-down of nuclear units, denial of license renewal applications, municipalization of nuclear units, restrictions on nuclear units as a result of unavailability of sites for spent nuclear fuel storage and disposal, or other adverse effects on owning and operating nuclear generating units. Entergy vigorously responds to these concerns and proposals. If any of the existing proposals, or any proposals that arise in the future, relating to legislative and regulatory changes become effective, they could have a material adverse effect on Entergy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

General Business Risks

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas)

Entergy and the Utility operating companies depend on access to the capital markets and, at times, may face potential liquidity constraints, which could make it more difficult to handle future contingencies such as natural disasters or substantial increases in gas and fuel prices. If the national and world-wide financial crisis continues or intensifies, potential disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect Entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to meet liquidity needs, access capital and operate and grow their businesses, and the cost of capital. 

Entergy's business is capital intensive and dependent upon its ability to access capital at reasonable rates and other terms. At times there are also spikes in the price for natural gas and other commodities that increase the liquidity requirements of the Utility operating companies. In addition, Entergy's and the Utility operating companies' liquidity needs could significantly increase in the event of a hurricane or other weather-related or unforeseen disaster similar to that experienced in Entergy's service territory with Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita in 2005 and Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike in 2008. The occurrence of one or more contingencies, including a delay in regulatory recovery of fuel or purchased power costs or storm restoration costs, an acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines, less cash flow from operations than expected or other unknown events, such as future storms, could cause the financing needs of Entergy and its subsidiaries to increase. In addition, accessing the capital markets more frequently in these situations may result in an increase in leverage. Material leverage increases could negatively affect the credit ratings of Entergy and the Utility operating companies, which in turn could negatively affect access to the capital markets. 

The global capital and credit markets experienced volatility
and disruption in 2008, particularly since early September, and continue to
experience volatility and disruption in 2009. The inability to raise capital on
favorable terms, particularly during times of uncertainty in the capital
markets, could negatively affect Entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to
maintain and to expand their businesses. Events beyond Entergy's control, such
as the extreme volatility and disruption in global capital and credit markets in
2008, may create uncertainty that could increase its cost of capital or impair
its ability to access the capital markets, including the ability to draw on its
bank credit facilities. Long-term debt

243

maturities in 2009 occur in the fourth quarter and include
$219 million at the Utility, $30 million at Non-Utility Nuclear, and $267
million at Entergy Corporation, most of which Entergy plans to refinance in the
capital markets subject to access and market conditions.  In addition, the
Entergy Arkansas and Entergy Mississippi revolving credit facilities of $100
million and $50 million expire in April and May 2009, respectively. 
Although Entergy is actively developing plans and strategies to renew these
facilities, Entergy is unable to predict the degree of success it will have in
renewing or replacing either of these facilities. Moreover, the size, terms, and
covenants of any new credit facilities may not be comparable to, and may be more
restrictive than, the existing facilities. If Entergy and its subsidiaries are
unable to access the credit and capital markets on terms that are reasonable,
they may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and/or
bear an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could impact their ability
to grow their businesses, decrease earnings, significantly reduce financial
flexibility and/or limit Entergy's ability to sustain its current common stock
dividend level.

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, Entergy Texas, and System Energy)

A downgrade in Entergy Corporation's or its subsidiaries'
 credit ratings could negatively affect Entergy Corporation'
s and its subsidiaries'
 ability to access capital and/or could require Entergy Corporation or its subsidiaries to post collateral, accelerate certain payments or repay certain indebtedness. 

There are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for Entergy Corporation and the Registrant Subsidiaries, including the ability to cover liquidity requirements, the availability of committed external credit support, and Entergy Corporation's share repurchase program, dividend policy and other commitments for capital. If one or more rating agencies downgrade Entergy Corporation's, any of the Utility operating companies', or System Entergy's ratings, particularly below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and cash or Letter of Credit quality collateral demands may be triggered by the terms of a number of commodity contracts, leases and other agreements. 

Most of Entergy Corporation's and its subsidiaries' large customers, suppliers and counterparties require sufficient creditworthiness to enter into transactions. If Entergy Corporation's or its subsidiaries' ratings decline, particularly below investment grade, or if certain counterparties believe Entergy Corporation or the Utility operating companies are losing creditworthiness and demand adequate assurance under fuel, gas and purchased power contracts, the counterparties may require posting of collateral in cash or letters of credit, prepayment for fuel, gas or purchased power or accelerated payment, or counterparties may decline business with Entergy Corporation or its subsidiaries. At December 31, 2008, based on power prices at that time, Entergy had in place as collateral $536 million of Entergy Corporation guarantees for wholesale transactions, including $60 million of guarantees that support letters of credit and $2 million of cash collateral. In the event of a decrease in Entergy Corporation's credit rating to below investment grade, based on power prices as of December 31, 2008, Entergy would have been required to replace approximately $76 million of the Entergy Corporation guarantees with cash or letters of credit under some of the agreements. The amount of Entergy Corporation guarantees Entergy would be required to replace will fluctuate depending on changes in power prices.

The construction of, and capital improvements to, power generation facilities involve substantial risks.  Should construction or capital improvement efforts be unsuccessful, the financial conditions, results of operations or liquidity of Entergy and the Utility operating companies could be materially adversely affected.

Entergy's and the Utility operating companies' ability to complete construction of power generation facilities in a timely manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. These variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise and escalating costs for materials, labor and environmental compliance. Delays in obtaining permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, suppliers and contractors not performing as required under their contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, and other events beyond the control of the Utility operating companies may occur that may

244

materially affect the schedule, cost and performance of these projects. If these projects are significantly delayed or become subject to cost overruns or cancellation, Entergy and the Utility operating companies could incur additional costs and termination payments, or face increased risk of potential write-off of the investment in the project. For further information regarding capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital in connection with the potential construction of additional generation supply sources within the Utility operating companies' service territory, see the "Capital Expenditure Plans and Other Uses of Capital
" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy and each of the Registrant Subsidiaries.

The Utility operating companies, System Energy and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to reliability standards, environmental, and other matters.

The businesses in which the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state and Federal authorities.  These laws and regulations affect the manner in which the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business conduct their operations and make capital expenditures.  These laws and regulations also affect how the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business manage air emissions, discharges to water, solid and hazardous waste storage and disposal, cooling and service water intake, the protection of threatened and endangered species, hazardous materials transportation, and similar matters.  Federal, state, and local authorities continually revise these laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations are subject to judicial interpretation and to the permitting and enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. Developing and implementing plans for facility compliance with these requirements can lead to capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures.  Violations of these requirements can subject the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards.  In addition, the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediation of environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by the Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate.  The Utility operating companies are currently involved in proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future.  The Utility operating companies, System Energy and the Non-Utility Nuclear business have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance.

Emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury, particulates, and other regulated air contaminants from fossil-fueled generating plants are potentially subject to increased regulation, controls and mitigation expenses.  In addition, existing air regulations and programs promulgated by the EPA often are challenged legally, sometimes resulting in large-scale changes to anticipated regulatory regimes. Environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some agencies in the United States are focusing considerable attention on CO2 emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change.  Although several bills have been introduced in Congress that would compel CO
2 emission reductions, none have advanced through the legislature.  On April 2, 2007, the United States Supreme Court issued a decision holding that the EPA has authority to regulate emissions of CO
2 and other "greenhouse gases" under the CAA.  Future changes in environmental regulation governing these pollutants could make some of Entergy's electric generating units uneconomical to maintain or operate.  In addition, any legal obligation that would require mitigation efforts or new controls would raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities. Entergy continues to monitor regulatory and legislative developments in this area.

In addition, global climate change issues have received an increased focus on the Federal and state government levels which could potentially lead to additional rules and regulations that affect how Entergy operates its business, both in terms of the power plants it owns and operates as well as general utility operation.

Entergy's business is also subject to extensive and mandatory reliability standards. Such standards, which are established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and the SERC
Reliability Corporation, currently are being reviewed by industry participants,
and may be amended. Significant capital expenditures for the Utility operating
companies' transmission system could be required to achieve on-going compliance
with the requirements under these regimes, and failure to comply with such
requirements could result in the imposition of fines

245

or penalties. The changes to the reliability requirements
applicable to the electric power industry are ongoing, and Entergy cannot
predict the ultimate effect that the changing reliability requirements will have
on its business. 

Entergy and its subsidiaries may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals.  If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, or if Entergy and its subsidiaries fail to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, the operation of its facilities could be stopped or become subject to additional costs. For further information regarding environmental regulation and environmental matters, see the "Regulation of Entergy
'
s Business
- Environmental Regulation
" section of Part I Item 1.

(Entergy Corporation, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy New Orleans, and Entergy Texas)

The effects of weather and economic conditions and the related impact on electricity and gas usage, may materially adversely affect the Utility operating companies' results of operations.

Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below moderate levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. As a corollary, moderate temperatures tend to decrease usage of energy and resulting revenues. Seasonal pricing differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, typically cause the Utility operating companies to report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year than in the other quarters. Extreme weather conditions or storms, however, may stress the Utility operating companies' generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on their ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. These extreme conditions could have a material adverse effect on the Utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

In 2008, industrial sales volume was depressed in the latter part of the year in part because the overall economy declined, with lower usage across the industrial sector affecting both the large customer industrial segment as well as small and mid-sized industrial customers, especially in the latter part of the year. It  is possible that the combination of continued poor economic conditions, combined with increasing rates in certain of the Utility operating companies' service territories, could result in slower or declining sales growth and increased bad debt expense relative to recent years, which could materially adversely affect Entergy's and the Utility operating companies' results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

(Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans)

The effect of higher purchased gas cost charges to customers may adversely affect Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's and Entergy New Orleans' results of operations and liquidity.

Gas rates charged to customers are comprised primarily of purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana or Entergy New Orleans, and distribution charges, which provide a return or profit to the utility. Distribution charges are affected by the amount of gas sold to customers. Purchased gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer's bill and may be adjusted quarterly, represent gas commodity costs that Entergy Gulf States Louisiana or Entergy New Orleans recovers from its customers. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's or Entergy New Orleans' cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when gas is purchased and the time when ultimate recovery from customers occurs. When purchased gas cost charges increase substantially reflecting higher gas procurement costs incurred by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana or Entergy New Orleans, customer usage may decrease, especially in weaker economic times, resulting in lower distribution charges for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana or Entergy New Orleans. 

246

(System Energy)

System Energy owns and operates a single nuclear generating facility, and it is dependent on affiliated companies for all of its revenues.

System Energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% ownership/leasehold interest in Grand Gulf. Charges under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are paid by the Utility operating companies as consideration for their respective entitlements to receive capacity and energy and are payable on a full cost-of-service basis only so long as Grand Gulf remains in commercial operation. The useful economic life of Grand Gulf is finite and is limited by the terms of its operating license, which is currently due to expire on November 1, 2024. System Energy's financial condition depends both on the receipt of payments from the Utility operating companies under the Unit Power Sales Agreement and on the continued commercial operation of Grand Gulf. For information regarding the Unit Power Sales Agreement and certain other agreements relating to the Entergy System companies' support of System Energy (including the Capital Funds Agreement), see the "Grand Gulf - Related Agreements" section of Note 8 to the financial statements and the "Utility - System Energy and Related Agreements" section of Part I Item 1.

Entergy and its subsidiaries may not be adequately hedged against changes in commodity prices, which could materially adversely affect Entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

To manage their near-term financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, Entergy and its subsidiaries may enter into contracts to hedge portions of their purchase and sale commitments, weather positions, fuel requirements and inventories of natural gas, uranium (and its conversion), lignite, coal, refined products, and other commodities, within established risk management guidelines. As part of this strategy, Entergy and its subsidiaries may utilize fixed- and variable-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-the-counter markets or on exchanges. However, Entergy and its subsidiaries normally cover only a portion of the exposure of their assets and positions to market price volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. In addition, Entergy also elects to leave certain volumes during certain years unhedged. To the extent Entergy and its subsidiaries have unhedged positions, fluctuating commodity prices can materially adversely affect Entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations and financial position. 

Although Entergy and its subsidiaries devote a considerable effort to these risk management strategies, they cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities. As a result of these and other factors, Entergy and its subsidiaries cannot predict with precision the impact that risk management decisions may have on their business, results of operations or financial position. 

Entergy has guaranteed or indemnified the performance of a portion of the obligations relating to hedging and risk management activities. Reductions in Entergy's or its subsidiaries' credit quality or changes in the market prices of energy commodities could increase the cash or Letter of Credit quality collateral required to be posted in connection with hedging and risk management activities, which could materially affect Entergy's or its subsidiaries' liquidity and financial position. 

 The Utility operating companies and Entergy's Non-Utility Nuclear business are exposed to the risk that counterparties may not meet their obligations, which may materially adversely affect the Utility operating companies' and Non-Utility Nuclear's business.

Entergy's Utility operating companies' and its
Non-Utility Nuclear subsidiaries' hedging and risk management activities are
exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe Entergy and its subsidiaries
money, energy, or other commodities will not perform their obligations.
Currently, some hedging agreements contain provisions that require the
counterparties to provide credit support to secure their obligations to Entergy
or its subsidiaries. If the counterparties to these arrangements fail to
perform, Entergy or its subsidiaries might be forced to act on the credit

247

support provided and acquire alternative hedging arrangements
or draw on the credit support provided by the counterparties, which credit
support may not always be adequate to cover the related obligations. In such
event, Entergy and its subsidiaries might incur losses in addition to amounts,
if any, already paid to the counterparties. In addition, the credit commitments
of Entergy's lenders under its bank facilities may not be honored for a variety
of reasons, including unexpected periods of financial distress, which could
materially adversely affect the adequacy of its liquidity sources. 

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding.

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust under Entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans. A decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements relating to Entergy's benefit plan liabilities. The recent significant volatility in the stock market has affected the market value of these assets, which may affect Entergy's planned levels of contributions in the future. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under Entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. The funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans can also increase as a result of changes in retirement rates, life expectancy assumptions, or Federal regulations. Entergy expects to contribute $140 million to its pension plans and $76 million to other postretirement plans in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, continues to evolve, be interpreted through technical corrections bills and discussed within the industry and by congressional lawmakers. Any changes to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 as a result of these discussions and efforts may affect the level of Entergy's pension contributions in the future. For further information regarding Entergy's pension and other postretirement benefit plans, reference is made to the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
- Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits
" section of Management's Financial Discussion and Analysis for Entergy and each of its Registrant Subsidiaries and Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements.

The litigation environment in the states in which certain Entergy subsidiaries operate poses a significant risk to those businesses.

Entergy and its subsidiaries are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving employment, commercial, asbestos, hazardous material and ratepayer matters, and injuries and damages issues, among other matters. States in which the Utility operating companies operate, in particular Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas, have proven to be unusually litigious environments. Judges and juries in these states have demonstrated a willingness to grant large verdicts, including punitive damages, to plaintiffs in personal injury, property damage, and business tort cases. Entergy and its subsidiaries use legal and appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against them, but the litigation environment in these states poses a significant business risk.

 Terrorist attacks, future war or risk of war may adversely affect Entergy's results of operations.

 As power generators, Entergy faces heightened risk of an act of terrorism, either as a direct act against one of Entergy's generation facilities or an ability to operate as a result of systemic damage resulting from an act against the transmission and distribution infrastructure used to transport power.  If such an attack were to occur, Entergy's business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact Entergy's, the Utility operating companies' and System Energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Entergy and its subsidiaries make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various financial transactions and results of operations to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, franchise, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes. These judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. Entergy and its subsidiaries also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards
for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements.
Changes in Federal, state, or local tax laws, adverse tax audit results or
adverse tax rulings on

248

positions taken by Entergy and its subsidiaries could
negatively affect Entergy's, the Utility operating companies' and System
Energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. For further
information regarding Entergy's accounting for tax obligations, reference is
made to Note 3 to the financial statements.

(Entergy Corporation)

Entergy Corporation's holding company structure could limit its ability to pay dividends.

Entergy Corporation is a holding company with no material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. Accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. Entergy Corporation's ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends or distributions by its subsidiaries. The payments of dividends or distributions to Entergy Corporation by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. Provisions in the organizational documents, indentures for debt issuances and other agreements of certain of Entergy Corporation's subsidiaries restrict the payment of cash dividends to Entergy Corporation. For further information regarding dividend or distribution restrictions to Entergy Corporation, reference is made to the "COMMON
EQUITY - Retained Earnings and Dividend Restrictions
" section of Note 7 to the financial statements.

Entergy Corporation's proposed separation of its Non-Utility Nuclear business is subject to risks inherent to a large-scale transaction subject to regulatory approvals and the completion of complex financings.

 The proposed separation of Entergy Corporation's Non-Utility Nuclear business is subject to multiple risks and uncertainties, including the risk that the spin-off will not be consummated, the risk that the financing transactions contemplated as part of the separation cannot be consummated on terms and conditions acceptable to Entergy Corporation or the risk that state and Federal regulatory jurisdictions may impose conditions to the transaction not acceptable to Entergy Corporation. If the separation is consummated, it is possible that Entergy Corporation or Enexus Energy Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Entergy and formerly referred to as SpinCo, may not achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that they expect will result from the transaction or that such benefits may be delayed or not occur due to unforeseen changes in market and economic conditions or other events. As a result, the aggregate market price of the common stock of Entergy Corporation and Enexus Energy Corporation as separate companies could be less than the market price of Entergy Corporation's common stock if the separation and distribution had not occurred.

249

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Results of Operations

Net Income

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net income decreased $92.0 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, and a higher effective income tax rate, partially offset by higher net revenue. The higher other operation and maintenance expenses resulted primarily from the write-off of approximately $70.8 million of costs as a result of the December 2008 Arkansas Court of Appeals decision in Entergy Arkansas' base rate case. The base rate case is discussed in more detail in Note 2 to the financial statements.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income decreased $34.0 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, and a higher effective income tax rate. The decrease was partially offset by higher net revenue.

Net Revenue

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2008 to 2007.

Amount

(In Millions)

2007 net revenue

$1,110.6

Rider revenue

13.6 

Purchased power capacity

4.8 

Volume/weather

(14.6)

Other

3.5  

2008 net revenue

$1,117.9

 The rider revenue variance is primarily due to an Energy Efficiency rider which became effective in November 2007. The establishment of the rider results in an increase in rider revenue and a corresponding increase in other operation and maintenance expense with no effect on net income. Also contributing to the variance was an increase in franchise tax rider revenue as a result of higher retail revenues. The corresponding increase is in taxes other than income taxes, resulting in no effect on net income. 

 The purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to lower reserve equalization expenses.

 The volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales during the billed and unbilled sales periods compared to 2007 and a 2.9% volume decrease in industrial sales, primarily in the wood industry and the small customer class. Billed electricity usage decreased 333 GWh in all sectors. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

250

Gross operating revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses

 Gross operating revenues increased primarily due to:

an increase of $114 million in gross wholesale revenue due to an increase in the average price of energy available for resale sales and an increase in sales to affiliated customers; 

an increase of $106.1 million in production cost allocation rider revenues which became effective in July 2007 as a result of the System Agreement proceedings. As a result of the System Agreement proceedings, Entergy Arkansas also has a corresponding increase in deferred fuel expense for payments to other Entergy system companies such that there is no effect on net income. Entergy Arkansas makes payments over a seven-month period but collections from customers occur over a twelve-month period. The production cost allocation rider is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements and the System Agreement proceedings are referenced below under "Federal Regulation
"; and

an increase of $58.9 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to changes in the energy cost recovery rider effective April 2008 and September 2008, partially offset by decreased usage. The energy cost recovery rider filings are discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $14.6 million related to volume/weather, as discussed above.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses increased primarily due to an increase of $106.1 million in deferred System Agreement payments, as discussed above and an increase in the average market price of purchased power.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$1,074.5

Net wholesale revenue

13.2 

Transmission revenue

11.8 

Deferred fuel costs revisions

8.6 

Other

2.5 

2007 net revenue

$1,110.6

 The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to lower wholesale revenues in the third quarter 2006 due to an October 2006 FERC order requiring Entergy Arkansas to make a refund to a coal plant co-owner resulting from a contract dispute, in addition to re-pricing revisions, retroactive to 2003, of $5.9 million of purchased power agreements among Entergy system companies as directed by the FERC.

 The transmission revenue variance is primarily due to higher rates and the addition of new transmission customers in late 2006.

 The deferred fuel cost revisions variance is primarily due to the 2006 energy cost recovery true-up, made in the first quarter 2007, which increased net revenue by $6.6 million.

Gross operating revenue and fuel and purchased power expenses

Gross operating revenues decreased primarily due to a decrease of $173.1 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to a decrease in the energy cost recovery rider effective April 2007. The energy cost recovery rider is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements. The decrease was partially offset by production cost allocation rider revenues of $124.1 million that became effective in July 2007 as a result of the

251

 System Agreement proceedings. As a result of the System Agreement proceedings, Entergy Arkansas also has a corresponding increase in fuel and purchased power expenses for payments to other Entergy system companies such that there is no effect on net income. The System Agreement proceedings are referenced below under "Federal Regulation
"
.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses decreased primarily due to a decrease in deferred fuel expense partially offset by the rough production cost equalization payments to affiliate companies as a result of the System Agreement litigation.

Other Income Statement Variances

2008 Compared to 2007

 Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

the write-off in the fourth quarter 2008 of $52 million of costs previously accumulated in Entergy Arkansas's storm reserve and $16 million of removal costs associated with the termination of a lease, both in connection with the December 2008 Arkansas Court of Appeals decision in Entergy Arkansas's base rate case. The base rate case is discussed in more detail in Note 2 to the financial statements;

an increase of $16.8 million in fossil plant expenses due to the Ouachita plant acquisition in 2008; and

an increase of $15 million in storm damage charges as a result of several storms hitting Entergy Arkansas' service territory in 2008, including Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike in the third quarter 2008. Entergy Arkansas discontinued regulatory storm reserve accounting beginning July 2007 as a result of the APSC order issued in Entergy Arkansas' rate case. As a result, non-capital storm expenses of $41 million were charged to other operation and maintenance expenses. In December 2008, $19.4 million of these storm expenses were deferred per an APSC order and will be recovered through revenues in 2009. See Note 2 for discussion of the APSC order.

The increase was partially offset by:

a decrease of $8.9 million in payroll-related and benefits costs;

a decrease of $8.3 million related to expenses in connection with the nuclear fleet alignment in 2007, which is discussed in more detail in Note 13 to the financial statements; and 

a reimbursement of $7 million of costs in connection with a litigation settlement. 

 Taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in local franchise taxes as a result of higher residential and commercial revenue and an increase in ad valorem taxes due to a higher millage rate and a higher 2008 assessment. 

 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to an increase in plant in service.

2007 Compared to 2006

Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $8.3 million related to expenses in connection with the nuclear operations fleet alignment, which is discussed in more detail in Note 13 to the financial statements; 

an increase of $5.9 million in legal spending due to increased litigation and legal fees;

an increase of $5.7 million in fossil spending due to outage scopes differing compared to prior year; and

an increase of $4.0 million in distribution spending due to vegetation maintenance work and increased contract labor costs

.

Partially offsetting the increase was a $10.7 million decrease in payroll, payroll-related, and benefits costs and an environmental liability credit of $2.3 million for resolution of a pollution loss provision. 

252

Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to an increase in plant in service and a revision in 2006 of estimated depreciable lives involving certain intangible assets.

 Interest and other charges increased primarily due to higher interest accrued of $4.9 million recorded on advances from independent power producers.

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates for 2008, 2007, and 2006 were 67.2%, 38.1%, and 24.7%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35.0% to the effective income tax rate.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 were as follows:

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$212 

$34,815 

$9,393 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

460,251  

366,137  

501,503 

Investing activities

(608,501)

(290,149)

(280,420)

Financing activities

187,606 

(110,591)

(195,661)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

39,356 

(34,603)

25,422 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$39,568 

$212 

$34,815 

Operating Activities

 Cash flow from operations increased $94.1 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily due to income tax refunds of $57.9 million in 2008 compared to income tax payments of $21.9 million in 2007 and an increase in recovery of fuel costs, partially offset by storm restoration spending.

 Cash flow from operations decreased $135.4 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to decreased recovery of fuel costs, income tax payments of $21.9 million in 2007 compared to income tax refunds of $27.1 million in 2006, and payments made in connection with the System Agreement proceedings. The decrease was offset by the timing of payments to vendors and collection of receivables from customers and a decrease of $107.6 million in pension contributions.

In the first quarter 2006, Entergy Corporation received an income tax refund as a result of net operating loss carryback provisions contained in the Gulf Opportunity Zone Act of 2005. In accordance with Entergy's intercompany tax allocation agreement, in April 2006 Entergy Corporation distributed $12 million of the refund to Entergy Arkansas.

Investing Activities

 Net cash flow used in investing activities increased $318.4 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily due to:

the purchase of the Ouachita plant for $210 million in September 2008. See Note 15 to the financial statements for more details on the acquisition;

253

an increase in nuclear construction expenditures resulting from various nuclear projects in 2008; 

an increase in distribution and transmission construction expenditures in 2008 due to Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike, as well as several storms hitting Entergy Arkansas' service territory in the first quarter of 2008; and

money pool activity.

 Increases in Entergy Arkansas' receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy Arkansas' receivable from the money pool increased by $16 million in 2008 compared to decreasing by $14.3 million in 2007. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.

 Net cash flow used in investing activities increased $9.7 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to an increase in construction expenditures resulting from additional spending on substations and transmission lines. The increase was partially offset by money pool activity.

 Decreases in Entergy Arkansas' receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Arkansas' receivable from the money pool decreased by $14.3 million in 2007 compared to increasing by $16.1 million in 2006. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.

Financing Activities 

 Entergy Arkansas' financing activities provided $187.6 million in cash flow in 2008 compared to using $110.6 million in 2007 primarily due to the issuance of $300 million of 5.40% Series First Mortgage Bonds in July 2008 and a decrease of $156.7 million in common stock dividends paid in 2008, partially offset by money pool activity.

 Decreases in Entergy Arkansas' payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy Arkansas' payable to the money pool decreased by $77.9 million in 2008 compared to increasing by $77.9 million in 2007. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.

 Net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $85.1 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to money pool activity, partially offset by an increase of $23.6 million in common stock dividends paid.

Increases in Entergy Arkansas' payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Arkansas' payable to the money pool increased by $77.9 million in 2007 compared to decreasing by $27.3 million in 2006. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings. 

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.

Capital Structure

Entergy Arkansas' capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. The increase in the debt to capital ratio for Entergy Arkansas is primarily due to the issuance of $300 million of 5.40% Series First Mortgage Bonds in July 2008.

December 31,
 2008

December 31,
2007

Net debt to net capital 

52.9%

49.0%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

0.6%

0.0%

Debt to capital 

53.5%

49.0%

254

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of notes payable, capital lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and shareholders' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy Arkansas uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Arkansas' financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 Entergy Arkansas requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt and preferred stock maturities;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and

dividend and interest payments.

 Following are the amounts of Entergy Arkansas' planned construction and other capital investments, existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments), and other purchase obligations:

2009

2010-2011

2012-2013

after 2013

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   Capital investment (1)

$211

$630

N/A

N/A

$841

Long-term debt

$80

$254

$445

$1,900

$2,679

Capital lease payments

$-

$-

$-

$2

$2

Operating leases

$16

$61 

$12

$6

$95

Purchase obligations (2)

$430

$782

$415

$2,162

$3,789

Nuclear fuel lease obligations (3)

$60

$66

N/A

N/A

$126

(1)

Includes approximately $179 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy Arkansas, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the Unit Power Sales Agreement, which is discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

(3)

It is expected that additional financing under the leases will be arranged as needed to acquire additional fuel, to pay interest, and to pay maturing debt. If such additional financing cannot be arranged, however, Entergy Arkansas must repurchase sufficient nuclear fuel to allow the lessor to meet its obligations.

In addition to these contractual obligations, Entergy Arkansas expects to contribute $28.6 million to its pension plans and $21.4 million to other postretirement plans in 2009. Entergy Arkansas also estimates that it will pay $165 million to $200 million for ice storm restoration costs incurred in January 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Arkansas' pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy Arkansas has $240.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy Arkansas also reflects capital required to support existing business and customer growth. The above amounts include approximately $206 million for installation of scrubbers and low NOx burners at Entergy Arkansas' White Bluff coal plant, which under current environmental regulations must be operational by September 2013. The project is still in the planning stages and has not been designed, but the latest conceptual cost estimate indicates Entergy Arkansas' share of the project could cost approximately $630 million. Entergy Arkansas continues to review potential environmental spending needs and financing alternatives for any such spending, and future spending estimates could change based on the results of this continuing analysis. 

255

Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, market volatility, economic trends, environmental compliance, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

 As a wholly-owned subsidiary, Entergy Arkansas pays dividends to Entergy Corporation from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. Entergy Arkansas' long-term debt indentures restrict the amount of retained earnings available for the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred stock. As of December 31, 2008, Entergy Arkansas had restricted retained earnings unavailable for distribution to Entergy Corporation of $461.6 million.

Sources of Capital 

 Entergy Arkansas' sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt or preferred stock issuances; and

bank financing under new or existing facilities.

 Entergy Arkansas may refinance or redeem debt and preferred stock prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.

 All debt and common and preferred stock issuances by Entergy Arkansas require prior regulatory approval. Preferred stock and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in Entergy Arkansas' corporate charters, bond indentures, and other agreements. Entergy Arkansas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.

In April 2008, Entergy Arkansas renewed its $100 million credit facility through April 2009. The credit facility requires that Entergy Arkansas maintain a debt ratio of 65% or less of it total capitalization. There were no outstanding borrowings under the Entergy Arkansas credit facility as of December 31, 2008.

In July 2008, Entergy Arkansas issued $300 million of 5.40% Series First Mortgage Bonds due August 2013. Entergy Arkansas used a portion of the net proceeds to fund the purchase of the Ouachita power plant on September 30, 2008, and the remaining net proceeds will be used to fund improvements relating to the Ouachita power plant and for general corporate purposes. 

 Entergy Arkansas' receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2008

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

$15,991

($77,882)

$16,109

($27,346)

In May 2007, $1.8 million of Entergy Arkansas' receivable from the money pool was replaced by a note receivable from Entergy New Orleans. See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.

256

State and Local Rate Regulation 

Retail Rates

 In August 2006, Entergy Arkansas filed with the APSC a request for a change in base rates. Entergy Arkansas requested a general base rate increase (using an ROE of 11.25%), which it subsequently adjusted to a request for a $106.5 million annual increase. In June 2007, after hearings on the filing, the APSC ordered Entergy Arkansas to reduce its annual rates by $5 million, and set a return on common equity of 9.9% with a hypothetical common equity level lower than Entergy Arkansas' actual capital structure. For the purpose of setting rates, the APSC disallowed a portion of costs associated with incentive compensation based on financial measures and all costs associated with Entergy's stock-based compensation plans. In addition, under the terms of the APSC's decision, the order eliminated storm reserve accounting and set an amount of $14.4 million in base rates to address storm restoration costs, regardless of the actual annual amount of future restoration costs. The APSC did state in a subsequent December 2007 order, however, that it will consider a petition for financial relief should Entergy Arkansas experience "extraordinary" storm restoration costs. The APSC's June 2007 decision left Entergy Arkansas with no mechanism to recover $52 million of costs previously accumulated in Entergy Arkansas' storm reserve and $18 million of removal costs associated with the termination of a lease.

 The APSC denied Entergy Arkansas' request for rehearing of its June 2007 decision, and the base rate change was implemented August 29, 2007, effective for bills rendered after June 15, 2007. In September 2007, Entergy Arkansas appealed the decision to the Arkansas Court of Appeals. On December 17, 2008, the Arkansas Court of Appeals upheld almost all aspects of the APSC decision. After considering the progress of the proceeding in light of the decision of the Court of Appeals, Entergy Arkansas recorded in the fourth quarter 2008 an approximately $70 million charge to earnings, on both a pre- and after-tax basis because these are primarily flow-through items, to recognize that the regulatory assets associated with the storm reserve costs, lease termination removal costs, and stock-based compensation are no longer probable of recovery.

 Management continues to believe that Entergy Arkansas is entitled to recover these prudently incurred costs, however, and on January 5, 2009, filed a petition for review before the Arkansas Supreme Court, requesting a review of the Court of Appeals decision.

Ouachita Acquisition

 Entergy Arkansas filed with the APSC in September 2007 for its approval of the Ouachita plant acquisition, including full cost recovery.  The APSC Staff and the Arkansas attorney general supported Entergy Arkansas' acquisition of the plant, but opposed the sale of one-third of the capacity and energy to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana.  The industrial group AEEC opposed Entergy Arkansas' purchase of the plant.  The Arkansas attorney general opposed recovery of the non-fuel costs of the plant through a separate rider, while the APSC Staff recommended revisions to the rider. In December 2007, the APSC issued an order approving recovery through a rider of the capacity costs associated with the interim tolling agreement, which was in effect until the APSC took action on the acquisition of the plant. A hearing before the APSC was held in April 2008 to address Entergy Arkansas' request for acquisition of the plant and concurrent cost recovery. In June 2008 the APSC approved Entergy Arkansas' acquisition of the Ouachita plant and approved recovery of the acquisition and ownership costs through a rate rider. The APSC also approved the planned sale of one-third of the capacity and energy to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. The Arkansas attorney general, the AEEC, and Entergy Arkansas requests for rehearing of the APSC order were denied. Entergy Arkansas' request for rehearing concerned the 7.61% before-tax return on rate base approved by the APSC, which reflects significant sources of zero-cost capital already reflected in base rates. Entergy Arkansas had requested a 10.87% before-tax return on rate base reflecting the cost of the debt and equity capital resources available to finance the Ouachita plant acquisition.

 On March 18, 2008 the Arkansas attorney general and the AEEC filed a notice of appeal of the December 2007 APSC order that approved recovery through a rider of the capacity costs associated with the interim tolling agreement. This order also rejected various annual earnings review proposals. The appellants' and appellees' briefs, including Entergy Arkansas', have been filed in the proceeding.

257

 In August 2008 the AEEC also filed a complaint at the FERC seeking a review by the FERC of "Entergy Corporation's efforts" to acquire the Ouachita plant, alleging that the acquisition violates the System Agreement and the Federal Power Act and that the plant should be an "[Entergy Arkansas] only resource." The AEEC complaint also states that it seeks clarity on whether Entergy Arkansas' termination of its participation in the System Agreement will affect Entergy Arkansas' rights to the Ouachita facility. The APSC, LPSC, MPSC, and City Council intervened in the proceeding. In January 2009 the FERC denied the AEEC's complaint.

 Entergy Arkansas purchased the Ouachita plant on September 30, 2008.

Production Cost Allocation Rider

 In its June 2007 decision on Entergy Arkansas' August 2006 rate filing, the APSC approved a production cost allocation rider for recovery from customers of the retail portion of the costs allocated to Entergy Arkansas as a result of the System Agreement proceedings, but set a termination date of December 31, 2008 for the rider. These costs cause an increase in Entergy Arkansas' deferred fuel cost balance, because Entergy Arkansas pays them over seven months but collects them from customers over twelve months. In December 2007, the APSC issued a subsequent order stating the production cost allocation rider will remain in effect, and any future termination of the rider will be subject to eighteen months advance notice by the APSC, which would occur following notice and hearing. On March 18, 2008, the Arkansas attorney general and the AEEC filed a notice of appeal of the December 2007 APSC order. The appellants' and appellees' briefs have been filed with the court of appeals.

 In June 2008, Entergy Arkansas filed with the APSC its annual redetermination of the production cost allocation rider. The redetermination resulted in a slight increase in the rates beginning with the first billing cycle of July 2008.

 See Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' "MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS - 
System Agreement Proceedings" for a discussion of the System Agreement proceedings.

Energy Cost Recovery Rider

 Entergy Arkansas' retail rates include an energy cost recovery rider. In December 2007, the APSC issued an order stating that Entergy Arkansas' energy cost recovery rider will remain in effect, and any future termination of the rider will be subject to eighteen months advance notice by the APSC, which would occur following notice and hearing. On March 18, 2008, the Arkansas attorney general and the AEEC filed a notice of appeal of the December 2007 APSC order. The appellants' and appellees' briefs have been filed with the court of appeals.

 In August 2008, as provided for by its energy cost recovery rider, Entergy Arkansas filed with the APSC an interim revision to its energy cost rate. The revised energy cost rate is an increase from $0.01869/kWh to $0.02456/kWh. The increase was caused by the continued increase in natural gas and purchased power prices from the levels used in setting the rate in March 2008. The interim revised energy cost rate went into effect for the first billing cycle of September 2008. In October 2008 the APSC issued an order that requires Entergy Arkansas to file for investigative purposes only monthly updates of its actual and projected over/under-recovery of fuel and purchased power costs. The APSC order also states that the interim revised energy cost rate will remain in effect pending further investigation and order of the APSC, and the APSC reserves the right after notice and hearing to prospectively modify the energy cost rate.

 In March 2008, Entergy Arkansas filed with the APSC its annual energy cost rate for the period April 2008 through March 2009. The filed energy cost rate increased from $0.01179/kWh to $0.01869/kWh. The increase was caused by the following: 1) all three of the nuclear power plants from which Entergy Arkansas obtains power, ANO 1 and 2 and Grand Gulf, were scheduled to have refueling outages in 2008, and the energy cost rate is adjusted to account for the replacement power costs expected to be incurred while these units were down; 2) Entergy Arkansas has a deferred fuel cost balance from under-recovered fuel costs at December 31, 2007; and 3) fuel and purchased power prices have increased.

258

 In March 2007, Entergy Arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate and implemented a rate of $0.01179 per kWh in April 2007, which will be effective through March 2008. This updated rate was a reduction from the prior rate of $0.02827 per kWh filed with the APSC in March 2006. The March 2006 rate was significantly higher than prior periods due to increases in the cost of purchased power primarily due to increased natural gas cost and the effect that Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita had on market conditions, increased demand for purchased power during the ANO 1 refueling and steam generator replacement outage in the fall of 2005, and coal plant generation curtailments during off-peak periods due to railroad delivery problems.

APSC Investigations

 In September 2005, Entergy Arkansas filed with the APSC an interim energy cost rate per the energy cost recovery rider, which provides for an interim adjustment should the cumulative over- or under-recovery for the energy period exceed 10 percent of the energy costs for that period. As of the end of July 2005, the cumulative under-recovery of fuel and purchased power expenses had exceeded the 10 percent threshold due to increases in purchased power expenditures resulting from higher natural gas prices. The interim cost rate of $0.01900 per kWh became effective the first billing cycle in October 2005.

 In early October 2005, the APSC initiated an investigation into Entergy Arkansas' interim energy cost rate. The investigation is focused on Entergy Arkansas' 1) gas contracting, portfolio, and hedging practices; 2) wholesale purchases during the period; 3) management of the coal inventory at its coal generation plants; and 4) response to the contractual failure of the railroads to provide coal deliveries. In March 2006, the APSC extended its investigation to cover the costs included in Entergy Arkansas' March 2006 filing that requested an energy cost rate of $0.02827 per kWh, suspended implementation of the $0.02827 per kWh energy cost rate, and ordered that the $0.01900 per kWh interim rate remain in effect pending the APSC proceedings on the energy cost recovery filings. On April 7, 2006, the APSC issued a show cause order in the investigation proceeding that ordered Entergy Arkansas to file a cost of service study by June 8, 2006. The order also directed Entergy Arkansas to file testimony to support the cost of service study, to support the $0.02827 per kWh cost rate, and to address the general topic of elimination of the energy cost recovery rider.

 In June 2006, Entergy Arkansas filed a cost of service study and testimony supporting the redetermined energy cost rate of $0.02827 per kWh and testimony addressing the prospective elimination of the energy cost recovery rider as ordered by the APSC. Entergy Arkansas also filed a motion with the APSC seeking again to implement the redetermined energy cost rate of $0.02827 per kWh. After a hearing, the APSC approved Entergy Arkansas' request and the redetermined rate was implemented in July 2006, subject to refund pending the outcome of the APSC energy cost recovery investigation. A hearing was held in the APSC energy cost recovery investigation in October 2006.

 In January 2007, the APSC issued an order in its review of Entergy Arkansas' September 2005 interim rate. The APSC found that Entergy Arkansas failed to maintain an adequate coal inventory level going into the summer of 2005 and that Entergy Arkansas should be responsible for any incremental energy costs resulting from two outages caused by employee and contractor error. The coal plant generation curtailments were caused by railroad delivery problems and Entergy has since resolved litigation with the railroad regarding the delivery problems. The APSC staff was directed to perform an analysis with Entergy Arkansas' assistance to determine the additional fuel and purchased energy costs associated with these findings and file the analysis within 60 days of the order. After a final determination of the costs is made by the APSC, Entergy Arkansas would be directed to refund that amount with interest to its customers as a credit on the energy cost recovery rider. The order also stated that the APSC would address any additional issues regarding the energy cost recovery rider in Entergy Arkansas' rate case filed in August 2006. Entergy Arkansas requested rehearing of the order. In March 2007, in order to allow further consideration by the APSC, the APSC granted Entergy Arkansas' petition for rehearing and for stay of the APSC order.

 In October 2008, Entergy Arkansas filed a motion to lift the stay and to rescind the APSC's January 2007 order in light of the arguments advanced in Entergy Arkansas' rehearing petition and because the value for the Entergy Arkansas' customers obtained through the resolved railroad litigation is significantly greater than the incremental cost of actions identified by the APSC as imprudent. The APSC staff, the AEEC, and the Arkansas attorney general support the lifting of the stay but request additional proceedings. In December 2008, the APSC denied the

259

 motion to lift the stay pending resolution of Entergy Arkansas' rehearing request and of the unresolved issues in the proceeding. The APSC also established a separate docket to consider the resolved railroad litigation, but a procedural schedule has not been established in the new docket at this time. The APSC ordered the parties to submit their unresolved issues list in the pending proceeding, which the parties have done. The unresolved issues will not be relitigated but will be decided by the APSC based upon the evidence already submitted in the proceeding.

Storm Cost Recovery

 Entergy Arkansas experienced extraordinary storm costs in 2008, requiring APSC action to address their effects, because the APSC's June 2007 order in Entergy Arkansas' base rate proceeding, which is discussed below, eliminated storm reserve accounting for Entergy Arkansas. Therefore, on October 15, 2008, Entergy Arkansas filed a petition for an accounting order authorizing a regulatory asset and storm damage rider.  In the petition, Entergy Arkansas requested the deferral of $26 million in a regulatory asset that represents extraordinary storm restoration costs for the year 2008 that are in excess of the $14.4 million included in base rates. The regulatory asset would be recovered through a surcharge over a 12-month period beginning in January 2009. 

 On December 19, 2008, the APSC approved Entergy Arkansas' request to defer 2008 extraordinary storm restoration costs for recovery via a storm damage rider in 2009. The APSC reduced Entergy Arkansas' request by $4 million to allow for standard variation in storm costs from the normalized level in base rates. Entergy Arkansas is permitted to recover the retail portion of $22.3 million, subject to adjustments arising from storm cost audit, earnings review, and other items consistent with past regulatory practice. Entergy Arkansas also plans to file an update of storm restoration expenses incurred through December 31, 2008, and true-up any accrued expenses at that time, with a revised rider to take effect July 2009 for any necessary changes.

Entergy Arkansas January 2009 Ice Storm

 In January 2009 a severe ice storm caused significant damage to Entergy Arkansas' transmission and distribution lines, equipment, poles, and other facilities. The preliminary cost estimate for the damage caused by the ice storm is approximately $165 million to $200 million, of which approximately $80 million to $100 million is estimated to be operating and maintenance type costs and the remainder is estimated to be capital investment. On January 30, 2009, the APSC issued an order inviting and encouraging electric public utilities to file specific proposals for the recovery of extraordinary storm restoration expenses associated with the ice storm. Although Entergy Arkansas has not yet filed a proposal for the recovery of its costs, on February 16, 2009, it did file a request with the APSC requesting an accounting order authorizing deferral of the operating and maintenance cost portion of Entergy Arkansas' ice storm restoration costs pending their recovery.

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings

See "System Agreement Proceedings" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Interconnection Orders

 See "Interconnection Orders" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

260

Utility Restructuring

 In April 1999, the Arkansas legislature enacted Act 1556, the Arkansas Electric Consumer Choice Act, providing for competition in the electric utility industry through retail open access. In December 2001, the APSC recommended to the Arkansas General Assembly that legislation be enacted during the 2003 legislative session to either repeal Act 1556 or further delay retail open access until at least 2010. In February 2003, the Arkansas legislature voted to repeal Act 1556 and the repeal was signed into law by the governor.

Nuclear Matters

Entergy Arkansas owns and operates, through an affiliate, the ANO 1 and ANO 2 nuclear power plants. Entergy Arkansas is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. These include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. In the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of either ANO 1 or ANO 2, Entergy Arkansas may be required to file with the APSC a rate mechanism to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.

The nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials associated with components within the reactor coolant system. The issue is applicable to ANO and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines and includes in-service examinations, replacement and mitigation strategy. Several major modifications to the ANO units have been implemented, with the most recent projects involving mitigation of large bore dissimilar metal welds using weld overlay process. In addition, the fabrication of a replacement reactor vessel head is nearing completion for ANO 2 at this time. Routine inspections of the existing ANO 2 reactor vessel head have identified no significant material degradation issues for that component. These inspections will continue at planned refueling outages.

Environmental Risks

 Entergy Arkansas' facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that Entergy Arkansas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated. See "
Uses of Capital" above for a discussion of the project to install scrubbers and low NOx burners at Entergy Arkansas' White Bluff coal plant, which under current environmental regulations must be operational by September 2013.

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of Entergy Arkansas' financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of Entergy Arkansas' financial position or results of operations.

Nuclear Decommissioning Costs 

See "Nuclear Decommissioning Costs" in the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.

261

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy Arkansas records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified, defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Qualified
Projected

Benefit Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$2,156

$22,261

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$1,384

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$1,012

$4,852

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated 
Postretirement Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$986

$5,399

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$556

$5,977

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy Arkansas in 2008 was
$23.8 million. Entergy Arkansas anticipates 2009 qualified pension cost to be
$19.8 million. Entergy Arkansas' contributions to the pension trust were $38.9
million in 2008 and are currently estimated to be $28.6 million in 2009.
Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the
2008 plan year and beyond, continues to evolve, be

262

interpreted through technical corrections bills, and
discussed within the industry and congressional lawmakers. Any changes to
Pension Protection Act as a result of these discussions and efforts may affect
the level of Entergy's pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy Arkansas in 2008 were $16.4 million, including $5.1 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Arkansas expects 2009 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $21.9 million, including $4.9 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Arkansas expects to contribute $21.4 million to other postretirement plans in 2009.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

263

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Entergy Arkansas, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy Arkansas, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related statements of income, of retained earnings, and of cash flows (pages 265 through 270 and applicable items in pages 65 through 187) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy Arkansas, Inc. as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control
- Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
February 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 27, 2009

264

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$2,328,349  

$2,032,965  

$2,092,683  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

283,547  

132,830  

429,718  

 Purchased power

953,663  

818,549  

614,246  

 Nuclear refueling outage expenses

29,611  

28,511  

29,478  

 Other operation and maintenance

524,940

458,042

437,574

Decommissioning

35,083  

32,816  

30,695  

Taxes other than income taxes

85,590  

78,449  

75,585  

Depreciation and amortization

237,168  

228,354  

216,919  

Other regulatory credits - net

(26,747)

(29,001)

(25,794)

TOTAL

2,122,855  

1,748,550  

1,808,421  

OPERATING INCOME

205,494  

284,415  

284,262  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

6,259  

11,143  

7,630  

Interest and dividend income

21,174  

19,116  

24,720  

Miscellaneous - net

(4,731)

(3,263)

(4,115)

TOTAL

22,702  

26,996  

28,235  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

79,945  

77,348  

76,932  

Other interest - net

7,787  

14,392  

8,877  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(3,311)

(5,078)

(3,290)

TOTAL

84,421  

86,662  

82,519  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

143,775  

224,749  

229,978  

Income taxes

96,623

85,638

56,824

NET INCOME

47,152  

139,111  

173,154  

Preferred dividend requirements and other

6,873  

6,873  

7,560  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON STOCK

$40,279  

$132,238  

$165,594  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

265

(Page left blank intentionally)

266

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$47,152

$139,111

$173,154

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Reserve for regulatory adjustments

(751)

(16,248)

22,310

 Other regulatory credits - net

(26,747)

(29,001)

(25,794)

 Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning

272,251

261,170

247,614

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

186,283

58,796

46,454

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

67,197

(24,958)

(49,943)

 Fuel inventory

5,282

2,468

(10,631)

 Accounts payable

67,148

327,578

(42,296)

 Taxes accrued

-

(37,161)

37,161

 Interest accrued

7,760

(2,132)

372

 Deferred fuel costs

(4,298)

(112,606)

202,025

 Other working capital accounts

(177,725)

(274,898)

(4,947)

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

1,511

(125)

1,576

 Changes in other regulatory assets

(219,091)

15,626

(141,050)

 Changes in pension and other postretirement liabilities

181,539

1,234

23,563

 Other

52,740

57,283

21,935

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

460,251

366,137

501,503

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

(373,973)

(304,901)

(259,409)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

6,259

11,143

7,630

Nuclear fuel purchases

(105,279)

(40,353)

(51,118)

Proceeds from sale/leaseback of nuclear fuel

105,062

42,444

49,027

Payment for purchase of plant

(210,029)

-

-

Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales

162,126  

96,034

105,658

Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds

(176,676)

(108,814)

(116,099)

Change in money pool receivable - net

(15,991)

14,298

(16,109)

Net cash flow used in investing activities

(608,501)

(290,149)

(280,420)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of:

 Long-term debt

297,261

-

-

 Preferred stock

-

-

73,355

Redemption of preferred stock

-

-

(75,885)

Change in money pool payable - net

(77,882)

77,882

(27,346)

Dividends paid:

 Common stock

(24,900)

(181,600)

(158,000)

 Preferred stock

(6,873)

(6,873)

(7,785)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities

187,606

(110,591)

(195,661)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

39,356

(34,603)

25,422

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

212

34,815

9,393

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$39,568

$212

$34,815

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$71,645  

$80,762  

$73,250

 Income taxes

($57,902)

$21,862  

($27,080)

See Notes to Financial Statements.

267

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2008 

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

 Cash

$3,292

$212

 Temporary cash investments - at cost,

 which approximates market

36,276

-

Total cash and cash investments

39,568

212

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

113,135

85,414

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(19,882)

(16,649)

 Associated companies

56,534

75,756

 Other

64,762

124,111

 Accrued unbilled revenues

71,118

68,240

 Total accounts receivable

285,667

336,872

Deferred fuel costs

119,061

114,763

Fuel inventory - at average cost

15,223

20,505

Materials and supplies - at average cost

121,769

106,165

Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs

42,932

17,623

System agreement cost equalization

394,000

268,000

Prepayments and other

36,530

16,511

TOTAL

1,054,750

880,651

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Investment in affiliates - at equity

11,200

11,203

Decommissioning trust funds

390,529

466,348

Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

1,439

1,442

Other

5,391

5,391

TOTAL

408,559

484,384

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

7,305,165

6,792,825

Property under capital lease

1,417

2,436

Construction work in progress

142,391

146,651

Nuclear fuel under capital lease

125,072

124,585

Nuclear fuel

12,115

19,548

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

7,586,160

7,086,045

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

3,272,280

3,112,896

UTILITY PLANT - NET

4,313,880

3,973,149

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

58,455

93,557

 Other regulatory assets

688,964  

534,937

Other

43,605  

33,128  

TOTAL

791,024

661,622

TOTAL ASSETS

$6,568,213

$5,999,806

See Notes to Financial Statements.

268

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2008 

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

$433,460

$486,201

 Other

142,974

100,246

Customer deposits

60,558

57,751

Accumulated deferred income taxes

198,902

26,964

Interest accrued

25,207  

17,447

Obligations under capital leases

60,276  

49,738

Other

17,290

10,890

TOTAL

938,667

749,237

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

1,307,596

1,330,324

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

51,881

55,854

Obligations under capital leases

66,214  

77,283

Other regulatory liabilities

27,141  

117,510

Decommissioning

540,709  

505,626

Accumulated provisions

15,925  

14,414

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

441,920  

260,381

Long-term debt

1,618,171  

1,314,525

Other 

43,780  

73,739

TOTAL

4,113,337

3,749,656

Commitments and Contingencies

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Preferred stock without sinking fund

116,350

116,350

Common stock, $0.01 par value, authorized 325,000,000

  shares; issued and outstanding 46,980,196 shares in 2008

  and 2007

470

470

Paid-in capital

588,444

588,527

Retained earnings

810,945

795,566

TOTAL

1,516,209

1,500,913

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

$6,568,213

$5,999,806

See Notes to Financial Statements.

269

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

STATEMENTS OF RETAINED EARNINGS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Retained Earnings, January 1

$795,566 

$844,928 

$838,219 

 Add:

 Net income

47,152 

139,111 

173,154 

 Deduct:

 Dividends declared on common stock

24,900 

181,600 

158,000 

 Preferred dividend requirements and other

6,873 

6,873 

8,445 

 Total 

31,773 

188,473 

166,445 

Retained Earnings, December 31

$810,945 

$795,566 

$844,928 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

270

ENTERGY ARKANSAS, INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$2,328,349 

$2,032,965 

$2,092,683 

$1,789,055 

$1,653,145 

Net Income

$47,152 

$139,111 

$173,154 

$174,635 

$142,210 

Total assets

$6,568,213 

$5,999,806 

$5,541,036 

$5,368,010 

$5,193,392 

Long-term obligations (1)

$1,684,385 

$1,391,808 

$1,380,046 

$1,353,462 

$1,253,301 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt) and noncurrent capital lease obligations.

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$756 

$690 

$706 

$620 

$539 

 Commercial

 463 

 409 

 418 

 348 

 305 

 Industrial

 461 

 407 

 436 

 362 

 318 

 Governmental

 21 

 19 

 19 

 18 

 16 

 Total retail

 1,701 

 1,525 

 1,579 

 1,348 

 1,178 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 416 

 302 

 328 

 192 

 250 

 Non-associated companies

 156 

 156 

 145 

 211 

 186 

 Other

 55 

 50 

 41 

 38 

 39 

 Total

$2,328 

$2,033 

$2,093 

$1,789 

$1,653 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 7,678 

 7,725 

 7,655 

 7,653 

 7,028 

 Commercial

 5,875 

 5,945 

 5,816 

 5,730 

 5,428 

 Industrial

 7,211 

 7,424 

 7,587 

 7,334 

 7,004 

 Governmental

 274 

 277 

 273 

 288 

 275 

 Total retail

 21,038 

 21,371 

 21,331 

 21,005 

 19,735 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 7,890 

 7,185 

 7,679 

 4,555 

 7,437 

 Non-associated companies

 2,159 

 2,651 

 2,929 

 4,103 

 4,911 

 Total

 31,087 

 31,207 

 31,939 

 29,663 

 32,083 

271

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Jurisdictional Separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas 

 Effective December 31, 2007, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. completed a jurisdictional separation into two vertically integrated utility companies, one operating under the sole retail jurisdiction of the PUCT, Entergy Texas, and the other operating under the sole retail jurisdiction of the LPSC, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Management believes that the jurisdictional separation will better align Entergy Gulf States, Inc.'s Louisiana and Texas operations to serve customers in those states and to operate consistent with state-specific regulatory requirements as the utility regulatory environments in those jurisdictions evolve. The jurisdictional separation provides for regulation of each separated company by a single retail regulator, which should reduce regulatory complexity.

 Entergy Texas now owns all Entergy Gulf States, Inc. distribution and transmission assets located in Texas, the gas-fired generating plants located in Texas, undivided 42.5% ownership shares of Entergy Gulf States, Inc.'s 70% ownership interest in Nelson 6 and 42% ownership interest in Big Cajun 2, Unit 3, which are coal-fired generating plants located in Louisiana, and other assets and contract rights to the extent related to utility operations in Texas. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana now owns all of the remaining assets that were owned by Entergy Gulf States, Inc.  On a book value basis, approximately 58.1% of the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. assets were allocated to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and approximately 41.9% were allocated to Entergy Texas. 

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana remains primarily liable for all of the long-term debt issued by Entergy Gulf States, Inc. that was outstanding on December 31, 2007. Under a debt assumption agreement with Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Texas assumed its pro rata share of this long-term debt, which was $1.079 billion, or approximately 46%. The pro rata share of the long-term debt assumed by Entergy Texas was determined by first determining the net assets for each company on a book value basis, and then calculating a debt assumption ratio that resulted in the common equity ratios for each company being approximately the same as the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. common equity ratio immediately prior to the jurisdictional separation. Entergy Texas' debt assumption does not discharge Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's liability for the long-term debt. To secure its debt assumption obligations, Entergy Texas granted to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana a first lien on Entergy Texas' assets that were previously subject to the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. mortgage. Entergy Texas has until December 31, 2010 to repay the assumed debt, of which $770 million remained outstanding at December 31, 2008. In addition, Entergy Texas, as the owner of Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding I, LLC ("EGSRF I"), will report the $329.5 million of senior secured transition bonds ("securitization bonds") issued by EGSRF I as long-term debt on its consolidated balance sheet. The securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Texas.

Entergy Texas will purchase from Entergy Gulf States Louisiana pursuant to a life-of-unit purchased power agreement (PPA) a 42.5% share of capacity and energy from the 70% of River Bend subject to retail regulation. Entergy Texas was allocated a share of River Bend's nuclear and environmental liabilities that is identical to the share of the plant's output purchased by Entergy Texas under the PPA. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana will purchase a 57.5% share of capacity and energy from the gas-fired generating plants owned by Entergy Texas, and Entergy Texas will purchase a 42.5% share of capacity and energy from the gas-fired generating plants owned by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. The PPAs associated with the gas-fired generating plants will terminate when retail open access commences in Entergy Texas' jurisdiction or when the unit(s) is no longer dispatched by the Entergy System. If Entergy Texas implements retail open access, it will terminate its participation in the System Agreement, except for the portion of the System Agreement related to transmission equalization. The dispatch and operation of the generating plants will not change as a result of the jurisdictional separation.

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is the successor for financial reporting purposes to Entergy Gulf States, Inc. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's Income Statement and Cash Flow Statement for the year ended December 31, 2008, reflect the effects of the separation of the Texas business. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's Income Statement and Cash Flow Statement for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2007, include the operations of Entergy Texas. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's balance sheets as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 reflect the effects of the separation of the Texas business.

272

Pursuant to the LPSC order approving the jurisdictional separation plan, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has made two compliance filings in 2008. On March 31, 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its jurisdictional separation plan balance sheet compliance filing with the LPSC. On June 11, 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its revenue and expense compliance filing. On December 29, 2008, the LPSC staff filed a motion with the LPSC seeking resolution of certain issues in the proceeding, and a hearing on these matters is scheduled to be held on April 21-22, 2009.

Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike

 In September 2008, Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike caused catastrophic damage to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's service territory. The storms resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage to distribution, transmission, and generation infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. Total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's electric facilities damaged by Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike are estimated to be in the range of $240 million to $255 million. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is considering all reasonable avenues to recover storm-related costs from Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike, including, but not limited to, accessing funded storm reserves; federal and local cost recovery mechanisms, including requests for Community Development Block Grant funding; securitization; and insurance, to the extent deductibles are met.

 On October 9, 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana drew all of its $85 million funded storm reserve. On October 15, 2008, the LPSC approved Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's request to defer and accrue carrying cost on unrecovered storm expenditures during the period the company seeks regulatory recovery. The approval was without prejudice to the ultimate resolution of the total amount of prudently incurred storm cost or final carrying cost rate. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expects to initiate its storm cost recovery proceeding in the spring 2009. The existing securitization legislation in Louisiana extends to Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike. Entergy is currently evaluating the amount of the losses covered by insurance for Entergy and each of the affected Utility operating companies. Because most of the Hurricane Gustav damage was to distribution and transmission facilities that are generally not covered by property insurance, Entergy does not expect to meet its deductibles for that storm. Because Hurricane Ike caused more damage by flooding and also caused more damage to generation facilities as compared to Hurricane Gustav, it is more likely that Entergy will meet its deductibles for that storm. Almost all of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's damage was caused by Hurricane Gustav.

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has recorded the estimated costs incurred, including payments already made, that were necessary to return customers to service. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has recorded approximately $117 million against its storm damage provision and approximately $118 million in construction expenditures. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana recorded the regulatory assets in accordance with its accounting policies and based on the historic treatment of such costs in its service territory, because management believes that recovery through some form of regulatory mechanism is probable. Because Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has not gone through the regulatory process regarding these storm costs, however, there is an element of risk, and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success it may have in its recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs that it may ultimately recover, or the timing of such recovery.

273

Results of Operations

Following are income statement variances for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana comparing the year ended December 31, 2008 to the year ended December 31, 2007 showing how much the line item increased or (decreased) in comparison to the prior period:

Year 

ended 

December 31, 2007

Variance 
caused 

directly by

the 

jurisdictional

separation

Variance

caused by 

other

factors

Year 

ended 

December 31, 2008

(In Thousands)

Net revenue (operating revenue less fuel expense,

purchased power, and other regulatory

  charges/credits)

$1,297,622

($442,283)

($21,545)

$833,794

Other operation and maintenance expenses

548,999

(179,119)

(32,086)

337,794

Taxes other than income taxes

132,489

(50,617)

(4,434)

77,438

Depreciation and amortization

208,648

(68,172)

(3,870)

136,606

Other expenses

23,940

(173)

14,471 

38,238

Other income

88,815

26,020 

(29,829)

85,006

Interest charges

155,881

(23,012)

(6,109)

126,760

Income taxes

123,701

(36,249)

(30,255)

57,197

Net Income (Loss)

$192,779

($58,921)

$10,909 

$144,767

Net Income

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net income decreased $48 million primarily due to the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas, effective December 31, 2007, in addition to lower other income and lower net revenue other than the effects directly caused by the jurisdictional separation, partially offset by lower other operation and maintenance expenses and a lower effective income tax rate. For the year ended December 31, 2007, Entergy Texas reported net income of $58.9 million.

2007 Compared to 2006

Net income decreased $19.2 million primarily due to a higher effective income tax rate, higher other operation and maintenance expenses, and higher interest and other charges. The decrease was partially offset by higher net revenue and higher other income.

Net Revenue

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2008 to 2007.

274

Amount

(In Millions)

2007 net revenue

$1,297.6 

Jurisdictional separation

(442.3)

Other

(21.5)

2008 net revenue

$833.8 

 Net revenue decreased primarily due to the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas, effective December 31, 2007.

 The Other variance is primarily caused by various operational effects of the jurisdictional separation on revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges (credits)

 The change in gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges was primarily caused by the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas, effective December 31, 2007.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount 

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$1,275.0 

Volume/weather

19.7 

Transmission revenue

12.2 

Texas securitization transition charge

9.9 

Net wholesale revenue

7.9 

Fuel recovery

(23.7)

Purchased power capacity

(14.2)

Other

10.8 

2007 net revenue

$1,297.6 

 The volume/weather variance is primarily due to increased electricity usage primarily in the residential and commercial sectors, including increased usage during the unbilled sales period. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

 The transmission revenue variance is due to higher rates and the addition of new transmission customers in late-2006.

 The securitization transition charge variance is due to the issuance of securitization bonds. In June 2007, Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding I, LLC, a company wholly-owned and consolidated by Entergy Gulf States, Inc., issued securitization bonds and with the proceeds purchased from Entergy Gulf States, Inc. the Texas transition property, which is the right to recover from Texas customers through a transition charge amounts sufficient to service the securitization bonds. See Note 5 to the financial statements herein for details of the securitization bond issuance.

275

The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to re-pricing revisions, retroactive to 2003, of $8.4 million of purchased power agreements among Entergy system companies as directed by the FERC.

 The fuel recovery variance resulted primarily from adjustments of fuel clause recoveries in the first quarter 2006 by Entergy Gulf States, Inc. for the Louisiana jurisdiction and a reserve for potential rate refunds in the first quarter 2007 by Entergy Gulf States, Inc. for the Texas jurisdiction as a result of a PUCT ruling related to the application of past PUCT rulings addressing transition to competition in Texas.

 The purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to ongoing purchased power capacity expense and the amortization of deferred capacity charges. A portion of the increase in purchased power capacity costs is being recovered through base rate increases implemented to recover incremental deferred and ongoing purchased power capacity charges. The base rate increases are discussed under "State and Local Rate Regulation
" below.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges 

 Gross operating revenues decreased primarily due to a decrease in fuel cost recovery revenues of $229.1 million due to lower fuel rates and refunds. The decrease was partially offset by more favorable volume/weather and higher transmission revenue as discussed above and higher wholesale revenue from the system agreement cost equalization payments from Entergy Arkansas. The receipt of such payments for the Texas jurisdiction is being refunded to customers by crediting deferred fuel costs and reducing fuel rates ultimately charged to customers. As a result, the system agreement cost equalization receipt and refund to customers have no effect on net income. 

 Fuel and purchased power expenses decreased primarily due to a decrease in deferred fuel expense as a result of a decrease in fuel cost recovery revenues, as discussed above. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in the average market prices of natural gas and purchased power. 

 Other regulatory charges increased primarily due to:

an increase of $10 million as a result of higher capacity charges and the amortization of capacity charges; and

the recovery of $9.9 million in the Texas jurisdiction, effective July 2007, of bond expenses related to the bond securitization, as discussed above. See Note 5 to the financial statements for details of the securitization bond issuance.

Other Income Statement Variances

2008 Compared to 2007

Other operation and maintenance decreased primarily due to:

a decrease of $179.1 million due to the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas, effective December 31, 2007;

a decrease of $16.3 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefit costs;

a decrease of $9.7 million in nuclear labor and contract costs due to a non-refueling plant outage in March 2007; and

a decrease of $10.1 million in plant maintenance costs.

The decrease was partially offset by an increase of $8.8 million in transmission spending due to higher transmission equalization expenses.

 Taxes other than income taxes decreased primarily due to the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas, effective December 31, 2007.

 Nuclear refueling outage expenses increased due to the amortization of higher expenses associated with the planned maintenance and refueling outage at River Bend in the first quarter 2008 as well as the delay of this outage from late 2007 to early 2008 resulting in a shorter amortization period for these costs.

276

 Depreciation and amortization decreased primarily due to the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas, effective December 31, 2007.

 Other income includes $60 million in interest and dividend income in 2008 related to the debt assumption agreement between Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas and the $1.079 billion of debt assumed by Entergy Texas as of December 31, 2007. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana remains primarily liable on this debt, of which $770 million remained outstanding at December 31, 2008. The increase in interest income is partially offset by $34 million of other income reported by Entergy Texas for the year ended December 31, 2007. The income from the debt assumption agreement offsets the interest expense on the portion of long-term debt assumed by Entergy Texas. The remaining variance is primarily due to the cessation of carrying charges on storm restoration costs as a result of the securitization and a decrease in interest earned on money pool investments, partially offset by dividends of $10.3 million earned on preferred stock purchased from Entergy Holdings Company with the proceeds received from the Act 55 Storm Cost Financings. See "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina" below for a discussion of the Act 55 storm cost financing.

Interest and other charges decreased primarily due to the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas, effective December 31, 2007 and due to a decrease in long-term debt outstanding.

2007 Compared to 2006

Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $12.8 million in nuclear expenses due to a non-refueling plant outage, a higher radwaste accrual, and increased NRC fees;

an increase of $13 million in transmission spending due to higher transmission equalization expenses, additional costs related to the Independent Coordinator of Transmission, additional loss reserve accruals related to public liability litigation, and an increase in spending due to additional labor and material costs related to substation and transmission line maintenance;

an increase of $8 million in fossil expenses primarily due to plant maintenance outages in 2007;

an increase of $5 million in expenses in the fourth quarter 2007 in connection with the nuclear operations fleet alignment, which is discussed in more detail in Note 13 to the financial statements;

an increase of $4.1 million in vegetation maintenance expenses due to a planned decrease in vegetation maintenance in 2006;

an increase of $2.2 million due to unfavorable litigation resolutions; and

an increase of $2.2 million due to an increase in insurance premium expenses as a result of amending coverage in June 2006 and higher premiums.

The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $5.6 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefit costs and a decrease of $5.6 million due to a change in the accounting treatment of a gas storage facility which is included in fuel expense in 2007.

 Taxes other than income taxes decreased primarily due to lower Louisiana local franchise taxes primarily due to lower gross revenues in 2007.

 Other income increased primarily due to interest earned on money pool investments.

 Interest and other charges increased primarily due to the increase in long-term debt outstanding as a result of the issuance of securitization bonds during the second quarter 2007. See Note 5 to the financial statements herein for details of the securitization bond issuance.

277

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates were 28.3%, 39.1%, and 33.6% for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rate.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow 

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 were as follows:

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$108,036 

$180,381 

$25,373 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

562,425 

560,740 

782,103 

Investing activities

(518,909)

(801,499)

(406,469)

Financing activities

(102,249)

168,414 

(220,626)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(58,733)

(72,345)

155,008 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$49,303 

$108,036 

$180,381 

Operating Activities

 Cash flows from operations increased $1.7 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily due to storm cost proceeds of $274.7 million received from the Louisiana Utilities Restoration Corporation (LURC) as a result of the Act 55 storm cost financings, almost entirely offset by the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas, effective December 31, 2007, increased recovery of fuel costs, and an increase of $17.9 million in pension contributions. See "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina" below for a discussion of the Act 55 storm cost financing.

 Cash flow from operations decreased $221.4 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to the timing of the collection of receivables from customers, decreased recovery of deferred fuel costs, and lower tax refunds. The decrease was partially offset by the timing of payments to vendors.

Investing Activities

 Net cash used in investing activities decreased $282.6 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily due to the cash allocated to Entergy Texas in the jurisdictional separation transaction in 2007 and due to the effect of the jurisdictional separation on money pool activity. The decrease was partially offset by the investment of $189.4 million in affiliate securities as a result of the Act 55 storm costs financings and the purchase of the Calcasieu Generating Facility for $56 million. See "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina" below for a discussion of the Act 55 storm cost financing. In March 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana purchased Calcasieu, a 322 MW, simple-cycle, gas-fired power plant, from a subsidiary of Dynegy Inc. The facility is located near the city of Sulphur in southwestern Louisiana. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana received the plant, materials and supplies, SO
2 emission allowances, and related real estate in the transaction. The FERC and the LPSC approved the acquisition.

 Decreases in Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's receivable from the money pool decreased by $43.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to increasing by $134.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2007. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries need for external short-term borrowings.

278

 Net cash used in investing activities increased $395 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to the cash allocated to Entergy Texas in the jurisdictional separation transaction and due to the effect of the jurisdictional separation on money pool activity.

Financing Activities 

 Financing activities used cash of $102.2 million in 2008 compared to providing cash of $168.4 million in 2007 primarily due to the issuance of $329.5 million of securitization bonds in June 2007 by a subsidiary of Entergy Texas, partially offset by the redemption of all outstanding shares of Entergy Gulf States, Inc.'s preferred stock in December 2007.

 Financing activities provided cash of $168.4 million in 2007 compared to using cash of $220.6 million in 2006 primarily due to the issuance of $329.5 million in securitization bonds in 2007 and a decrease of $115.4 million in common equity distributions. See Note 5 to the financial statements for details of the securitization bond issuance.

Capital Structure

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. The calculation below does not reduce the debt by the debt assumed by Entergy Texas ($770 million as of December 31, 2008, and $1.079 billion as of December 31, 2007) because Entergy Gulf States Louisiana remains primarily liable on the debt. The reduction in the debt to capital ratio in 2008 is primarily due to the repayment in 2008 of $309 million of assumed debt by Entergy Texas.

December 31,
 2008

December 31,
 2007

Net debt to net capital 

61.5%

64.4%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

0.5%

1.0%

Debt to capital 

62.0%

65.4%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of notes payable, capital lease obligations, preferred membership interests with sinking fund, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and members' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt and preferred equity maturities;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and

distribution and interest payments.

279

Following are the amounts of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments, existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments), and other purchase obligations: 

2009

2010-2011

2012-2013

after 2013

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1) 

$424

$662

N/A

N/A

$1,086

Long-term debt

$330

$523

$371

$1,886

$3,110

Operating leases

$11

$18

$16

$63

$108

Purchase obligations (2)

$79

$118

$51

$90

$338

Nuclear fuel lease obligations (3)

$24

$116

N/A

N/A

$140

(1)

Includes approximately $148 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, it primarily includes unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations.

(3)

It is expected that additional financing under the leases will be arranged as needed to acquire additional fuel, to pay interest, and to pay maturing debt. If such additional financing cannot be arranged, however, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana must repurchase sufficient nuclear fuel to allow the lessor to meet its obligations.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expects to spend approximately $39 million related to Hurricane Gustav restoration work in 2009. Also, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expects to contribute $4.7 million to its pension plans and $7.5 million to other postretirement plans in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has $275.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

 The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana reflects capital required to support existing business and customer growth. Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental compliance, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred membership interest maturities in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

 As an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Entergy Corporation, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's long-term debt indentures contain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred membership interests.

Little Gypsy Repowering Project

In April 2007, Entergy Louisiana announced that it intended to pursue the solid fuel repowering of a 538 MW unit at its Little Gypsy plant, and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed subsequently with the LPSC seeking certification to participate in one-third of the project.  Petroleum coke and coal would be the unit's primary fuel sources.  In July 2007, Entergy Louisiana filed with the LPSC for approval of the repowering project. In addition to seeking a finding that the project is in the public interest, the filing with the LPSC asked that Entergy Louisiana be allowed to

280

recover a portion of the project's financing costs during the construction period. Hearings were held in October 2007, and the LPSC approved the certification of the project in November 2007 (the Phase I order), subject to several conditions. One of the conditions is the development and approval of a construction monitoring plan. A decision regarding whether to allow Entergy Louisiana to recover a portion of the project's financing costs during the construction period was deferred to Phase II of the proceedings.

The LPSC Phase I order has been appealed to the state district court in Baton Rouge, Louisiana by a group led by the Sierra Club and represented by the Tulane Environmental Law Clinic. A status conference in the Phase I appeal was held December 3, 2008, and the parties agreed to a procedural schedule that includes oral argument before the judge on April 9, 2009.

The preconstruction and operating air permits for the Little Gypsy repowering project were issued by the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality (LDEQ) in November 2007 under then-effective federal and state air regulations, including the EPA's Clean Air Mercury Rule that had been issued in 2005 (CAMR 2005). As discussed in more detail in Part I, Item 1, "Environmental Regulation, Clean Air Act and Subsequent Amendments, Hazardous Air Pollutants", in February 2008 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit struck down CAMR 2005. The D.C. Circuit decision requires utilities that have not yet begun construction of the facility in question to undergo before beginning construction a case-by-case Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) analysis for construction or reconstruction of emission units pursuant to the Clean Air Act. The Little Gypsy project as currently configured is expected to meet MACT standards. Little Gypsy received its construction permit before a formal MACT analysis was required, however, and Entergy Louisiana sought a MACT determination from the LDEQ. The LDEQ issued the new air permit in February 2009. Onsite construction of the project was scheduled to begin in July 2008, but obtaining the MACT determination caused a delay in the start of construction, which Entergy Louisiana now expects will not begin before mid-year 2009. Currently, the commercial operation date of the project is not expected to be before mid-year 2013. Entergy Louisiana continues to make its quarterly monitoring plan filings with the LPSC. These reports are intended to inform the LPSC and its staff of the construction status and cost of the project as well as the ongoing economic viability of the project compared to other alternatives.

The LPSC had approved the temporary suspension of Phase II of the Little Gypsy proceedings because Entergy Louisiana needed to update its estimated project cost and schedule in order to support the request to recover cash earnings on its construction work in progress (CWIP) costs. On October 16, 2008, Entergy Louisiana, together with Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, filed an application to resume Phase II of the proceeding. The Phase II filing seeks certification for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana to participate in a one-third ownership share in the repowering project. In addition, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana seek recovery of approximately 79% of their construction financing costs through the recovery of cash earnings on CWIP costs. The LPSC previously found that the recovery of CWIP for a large baseload project may be in the public interest as cash earnings may be needed to protect the utility's financial integrity, maintain an acceptable credit rating, prevent an undue increase in the utility's cost of capital, or to accomplish phasing in of the cost of a large capital project for the benefit of customers. In Phase II, the LPSC would rule on Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's certification request, determine the appropriate amount of CWIP costs, if any, to be recovered and would develop the allocation, accounting and rate recovery mechanisms for such recovery. The LPSC also would determine the appropriate procedure or mechanism for synchronizing base rate recovery of Little Gypsy's fixed or non-fuel costs with its commercial in-service date. In addition, the LPSC consolidated, into the Little Gypsy Phase II proceeding, the issue of whether Entergy Louisiana would be permitted to recover cash earnings on its CWIP costs for the Waterford 3 Steam Generator Replacement Project discussed below. After a status conference in November 2008, a procedural schedule was established for Phase II that includes a hearing on April 28 and 29, 2009. Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana have requested that the case be decided in time to permit the recovery of cash earnings on CWIP beginning in July 2009.

Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana currently expect that the project would cost $1.76 billion (including AFUDC), including $412 million for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana for the 2009-2011 period.

281

Sources of Capital 

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt or preferred membership interest issuances; and

bank financing under new or existing facilities.

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana may refinance or redeem debt and preferred equity/membership interests prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.

All debt and common and preferred equity/membership interest issuances by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana require prior regulatory approval. Preferred equity/membership interest and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its corporate charter, bond indentures, and other agreements. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs. Entergy Gulf States, Inc. filed with the FERC an application, on behalf of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, for authority to issue up to $200 million of short-term debt, up to $500 million of tax-exempt bonds and up to $750 million of other long-term securities, including common and preferred membership interests and long-term debt. On November 8, 2007 the FERC issued orders granting the requested authority for a two-year period ending November 8, 2009.

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2008

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

$11,589

$55,509

$75,048

$64,011

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. 

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $100 million scheduled to expire in August 2012. No borrowings were outstanding under the credit facility as of December 31, 2008.

In May 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana issued $375 million of 6.00% Series First Mortgage Bonds due May 2018. The proceeds were used to pay at maturity the portion of the $325 million of 3.6% Series First Mortgage Bonds due June 2008 that had not been assumed by Entergy Texas and to redeem, prior to maturity, $189.7 million of the $350 million Floating Rate series of First Mortgage bonds due December 2008, and for other general corporate purposes.

The portion of the $325 million of 3.6% Series First Mortgage Bonds due June 2008 that had been assumed by Entergy Texas were paid at maturity by Entergy Texas in June 2008, and that bond series is no longer outstanding. The portion of the $350 million Floating Rate series of First Mortgage Bonds due December 2008 that had been assumed by Entergy Texas were paid at maturity by Entergy Texas in December 2008, and that bond series is no longer outstanding.

Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina

 In August and September 2005, Hurricanes Katrina and Rita hit Entergy Gulf States Inc.'s jurisdictions in Louisiana and Texas. The storms resulted in power outages; significant damage to electric distribution, transmission, and generation infrastructure; and the temporary loss of sales and customers due to mandatory evacuations. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is pursuing a range of initiatives to recover storm restoration and business continuity costs and incremental losses. Initiatives include obtaining reimbursement of certain costs covered by insurance and pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by the FERC and local regulatory bodies, in combination with securitization.

282

Insurance Claims

 See Note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of Entergy's conventional property insurance program. Entergy has received a total of $277 million as of December 31, 2008 on its Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita insurance claims, including the settlements of its Hurricane Katrina claims with each of its two excess insurers. Of the $277 million received, $16 million has been allocated to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Entergy currently expects to receive payment for any remaining insurance recovery related to Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita in 2009.

Storm Cost Financings

 In March 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, and the Louisiana Utilities Restoration Corporation (LURC), an instrumentality of the State of Louisiana, filed at the LPSC an application requesting that the LPSC grant financing orders authorizing the financing of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana storm costs, storm reserves, and issuance costs pursuant to Act 55 of the Louisiana Legislature (Act 55 financings). The Act 55 financings are expected to produce additional customer benefits as compared to Act 64 traditional securitization.  Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana also filed an application requesting LPSC approval for ancillary issues including the mechanism to flow charges and savings to customers via a Storm Cost Offset rider.  On April 3, 2008, the Louisiana State Bond Commission granted preliminary approval for the Act 55 financings.  On April 8, 2008, the Louisiana Public Facilities Authority (LPFA), which is the issuer of the bonds pursuant to the Act 55 financings, approved requests for the Act 55 financings.  On April 10, 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana and the LPSC Staff filed with the LPSC an uncontested stipulated settlement that includes Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana's proposals under the Act 55 financings, which includes a commitment to pass on to customers a minimum of $10 million and $30 million of customer benefits, respectively, through prospective annual rate reductions of $2 million and $6 million for five years. On April 16, 2008, the LPSC approved the settlement and issued two financing orders and one ratemaking order intended to facilitate implementation of the Act 55 financings.  In May 2008, the Louisiana State Bond Commission granted final approval of the Act 55 financings.

 On August 26, 2008, the LPFA issued $278.4 million in bonds under the aforementioned Act 55. From the $274.7 million of bond proceeds loaned by the LPFA to the LURC, the LURC deposited $87 million in a restricted escrow account as a storm damage reserve for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and transferred $187.7 million directly to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. From the bond proceeds received by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana from the LURC, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana invested $189.4 million, including $1.7 million that was withdrawn from the restricted escrow account as approved by the April 16, 2008 LPSC orders, in exchange for 1,893,918.39 Class A preferred, non-voting, membership interest units of Entergy Holdings Company LLC, a company wholly-owned and consolidated by Entergy, that carry a 10% annual distribution rate. Distributions are payable quarterly commencing on September 15, 2008 and have a liquidation price of $100 per unit. The preferred membership interests are callable at the option of Entergy Holdings Company LLC after ten years. The terms of the membership interests include certain financial covenants to which Entergy Holdings Company LLC is subject, including the requirement to maintain a net worth of at least $1 billion.

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana does not report the bonds on its balance sheet because the bonds are the obligation of the LPFA, and there is no recourse against Entergy Gulf States Louisiana in the event of a bond default.

State and Local Rate Regulation

 The rates that Entergy Gulf States Louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. A governmental agency, the LPSC is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.

Retail Rates - Electric

 In March 2005, the LPSC approved a settlement proposal to resolve various dockets covering a range of issues for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana. The settlement includes the establishment of a three-year formula rate plan for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana

283

 that, among other provisions, establishes an ROE mid-point of 10.65% for the initial three-year term of the plan and permits Entergy Gulf States Louisiana to recover incremental capacity costs outside of a traditional base rate proceeding. Under the formula rate plan, over- and under-earnings outside an allowed range of 9.9% to 11.4% will be allocated 60% to customers and 40% to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its initial formula rate plan filing in June 2005, and the formula rate plan's initial three-year effective period was extended one year, through the 2007 test year, by mutual agreement of the LPSC and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is currently in discussions with the LPSC staff regarding a possible additional extension of the FRP.

In August 2008, the LPSC issued an order approving an uncontested settlement between Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and the LPSC Staff authorizing Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's purchase of one-third of the capacity and energy from the 789 MW Ouachita plant, which Entergy Arkansas acquired on September 30, 2008. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana will purchase one-third of the plant's capacity and output from Entergy Arkansas under a life-of-unit agreement.

The LPSC's approval is subject to certain conditions, including a study to determine the costs and benefits of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana exercising an option to purchase one-third of the plant (Unit 3) from Entergy Arkansas. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is scheduled to report the results of that study by March 30, 2009.

In May 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2007 test year. The filing reflected a 9.26% return on common equity, which is below the allowed earnings bandwidth, and indicated a $5.4 million revenue deficiency, offset by a $4.1 million decrease in required additional capacity costs. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana implemented a $20.7 million formula rate plan decrease, subject to refund, effective the first billing cycle in September 2008. The decrease includes removal of interim storm cost recovery and a reduction in the storm damage accrual. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana then implemented a $16.0 million formula rate plan increase, subject to refund, effective the first billing cycle in October 2008 to collect previously deferred and ongoing costs associated with LPSC approved additional capacity, including the Ouachita power plant. In November 2008 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed to implement an additional increase of $9.3 million to recover the costs of a new purchased power agreement. Consideration of the formula rate plan filing is pending.

In May 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2006 test year. The filing reflected a 10.0% return on common equity, which is within the allowed earnings bandwidth, and an anticipated formula rate plan decrease of $23 million annually attributable to adjustments outside of the formula rate plan sharing mechanism related to capacity costs and the anticipated securitization of storm costs related to Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita and the securitization of a storm reserve. In September 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana modified the formula rate plan filing to reflect a 10.07% return on common equity, which is still within the allowed bandwidth. The modified filing also reflected implementation of a $4.1 million rate increase, subject to refund, attributable to recovery of additional LPSC-approved incremental deferred and ongoing capacity costs. The rate decrease anticipated in the original filing did not occur because of the additional capacity costs approved by the LPSC, and because securitization of storm costs associated with Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita and the establishment of a storm reserve had not yet occurred. In October 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana implemented a $16.4 million formula rate plan decrease that is due to the reclassification of certain franchise fees from base rates to collection via a line item on customer bills pursuant to an LPSC order. The LPSC staff issued its final report in December 2007, indicating a $1.6 million decrease in formula rate plan revenues for which interim rates were already in effect. In addition, the LPSC staff recommended that the LPSC give a one-year extension of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's formula rate plan to synchronize with the final year of Entergy Louisiana's formula rate plan, or alternatively, to extend the formula rate plan for a longer period. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana indicated it is amenable to a one-year extension. An uncontested stipulated settlement was filed in February 2008 that will leave the current base rates in place and extend the formula rate plan for one year, and the LPSC approved the settlement in March 2008.

 In May 2006, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2005 test year. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana modified the filing in August 2006 to reflect an 11.1% return on common equity which is within the allowed bandwidth. The modified

284

 filing includes a formula rate plan increase of $17.2 million annually that provides for 1) interim recovery of $10.5 million of storm costs from Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita and 2) recovery of $6.7 million of LPSC-approved incremental deferred and ongoing capacity costs. The increase was implemented with the first billing cycle of September 2006. In May 2007 the LPSC approved a settlement between Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and the LPSC staff, affirming the rates that were implemented in September 2006.

 In June 2005, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the test year ending December 31, 2004. In March 2006, the LPSC approved an uncontested stipulated settlement that included a revenue requirement increase of $36.8 million, including increases related to the formula rate plan 2004 test year revenue requirement and the capacity costs associated with the purchase of power from the Perryville power plant.

Retail Rates - Gas

 In January 2009, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed with the LPSC its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ending September 30, 2008.  The filing showed a revenue deficiency of $530 thousand based on a return on common equity mid-point of 10.5%.

In January 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed with the LPSC its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ending September 30, 2007.  The filing showed a revenue deficiency of $3.7 million based on a return on common equity mid-point of 10.5%. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana implemented a $3.4 million rate increase in April 2008 pursuant to an uncontested agreement with the LPSC staff.

In January 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed with the LPSC its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ending September 30, 2006.  The filing showed a revenue deficiency of $3.5 million based on a return on common equity mid-point of 10.5%.  In March 2007, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed a set of rate and rider schedules that reflected all proposed LPSC staff adjustments and implemented a $2.4 million base rate increase effective with the first billing cycle of April 2007 pursuant to the rate stabilization plan.

 In January 2006, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed with the LPSC its gas rate stabilization plan. The filing showed a revenue deficiency of $4.1 million based on an ROE mid-point of 10.5%. In May 2006, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana implemented a $3.5 million rate increase pursuant to an uncontested agreement with the LPSC Staff.

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings

See "System Agreement Proceedings" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Interconnection Orders

 See "Interconnection Orders" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Industrial and Commercial Customers 

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's large industrial and
commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. In
particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of Entergy Gulf
States Louisiana's industrial customer base. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana
responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating
electric service contracts to provide competitive rates that

285

 match specific customer needs and load profiles. Entergy
Gulf States Louisiana actively participates in economic development, customer
retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial
demand, from both new and existing customers. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana does
not currently expect additional significant losses to cogeneration because of
the current economics of the electricity markets and Entergy Gulf States
Louisiana's marketing efforts in retaining industrial customers.

Nuclear Matters

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana owns and operates, through an affiliate, the River Bend nuclear power plant. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. These include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. In the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of River Bend, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.

Environmental Risks

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's financial position or results of operations.

Nuclear Decommissioning Costs

See "Nuclear Decommissioning Costs" in the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs. 

Application of SFAS 71 

The application of SFAS 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation," has a significant and pervasive impact on accounting and reporting for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. 

 Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's financial statements primarily reflect assets and costs based on existing cost-based ratemaking regulation in accordance with SFAS 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation." Under traditional ratemaking practice, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana is granted a geographic franchise to sell electricity. In return, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana must make investments and incur obligations to serve customers. Prudently incurred costs are recovered from customers along with a return on investment. Regulators may require Entergy Gulf States Louisiana to defer collecting from customers some operating costs until a future date. These deferred costs are recorded as regulatory assets in the financial statements. In order to continue applying SFAS 71 to its financial statements, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's rates must be set on a cost-of-service basis by an authorized body and the rates must be charged to and collected from customers.

286

 If the generation portion of a utility company moves toward competition, it is possible that generation rates will no longer be set on a cost-of-service basis. If that occurs, the generation portion of the business could be required to discontinue application of SFAS 71. The result of discontinuing application of SFAS 71 would be the removal of regulatory assets and liabilities from the balance sheet, and could include the recording of asset impairments. This result is because some of the costs or commitments incurred under a regulated pricing system might be impaired or not recovered in a competitive market. These costs are referred to as stranded costs. 

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation. 

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008 

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Qualified
 Projected 

Benefit Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$1,083

$11,090

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$843

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$503

$2,545

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands):

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated 
Postretirement Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$670

$3,280

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$416

$3,474

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

287

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension income for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana in 2008 was $0.2 million. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana anticipates 2009 qualified pension income to be $1.2 million. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana contributed $34.3 million to its pension plans in 2008 and estimates 2009 pension contributions to be $4.7 million. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, continues to evolve, be interpreted through technical corrections bills, and discussed within the industry and congressional lawmakers. Any changes to Pension Protection Act as a result of these discussions and efforts may affect the level of Entergy's pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana in 2008 were $15.6 million, including $3.5 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expects 2009 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $14.7 million, including $3.3 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana expects to contribute $7.5 million to its other postretirement plans in 2009.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

288

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Members
Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related statements of income; of members' equity and comprehensive income; and of cash flows (pages 290 through 294 and applicable items in pages 65 through 187) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, L.L.C. as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

As discussed in Note 1 to the respective financial statements, the Company completed a jurisdictional separation on December 31, 2007. As part of the separation, the Company contributed certain assets and liabilities to Entergy Texas, Inc.
and Subsidiaries and reflected the distribution in the accompanying balance sheet and statement of members' equity as of December 31, 2007.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
February 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 27, 2009

289

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$2,632,952  

$3,448,008  

$3,595,343  

Natural gas

100,413  

86,604  

84,230  

TOTAL

2,733,365  

3,534,612  

3,679,573  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

474,314  

867,081  

1,110,987  

 Purchased power

1,425,936  

1,339,986  

1,288,137  

 Nuclear refueling outage expenses

25,705  

12,212  

16,653  

 Other operation and maintenance

337,794

548,999

510,876

Decommissioning

12,533  

11,728  

10,815  

Taxes other than income taxes

77,438  

132,489  

136,734  

Depreciation and amortization

136,606  

208,648  

206,736  

Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

(679)

29,923  

5,451  

TOTAL

2,489,647  

3,151,066  

3,286,389  

OPERATING INCOME

243,718  

383,546  

393,184  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

7,417  

11,666  

11,808  

Interest and dividend income

83,105  

75,425  

53,922  

Miscellaneous - net

(5,516)

1,724  

2,933  

TOTAL

85,006  

88,815  

68,663  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

123,439  

149,464  

137,938  

Other interest - net

7,758  

13,945  

11,842  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(4,437)

(7,528)

(6,988)

TOTAL

126,760  

155,881  

142,792  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

201,964  

316,480  

319,055  

Income taxes

57,197

123,701

107,067

NET INCOME

144,767  

192,779  

211,988  

Preferred distribution requirements and other

825  

3,968  

3,966  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON EQUITY

$143,942  

$188,811  

$208,022  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

290

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$144,767  

$192,779  

$211,988  

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Reserve for regulatory adjustments

 -

 363

 (9,157)

 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

 (679)

 29,923

 5,451  

 Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning

 149,139

 220,376

 217,551  

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

 47,846

 98,734

 123,354  

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

 (8,661)

 (261,538)

 154,778  

 Fuel inventory

 (1,941)

 (18,377)

 (9,015)

 Accounts payable

 (40,025)

 38,685

 (69,624)

 Taxes accrued

 418

 (27,781)

 27,781  

 Interest accrued

 714

 22,963

 145  

 Deferred fuel costs

 97,620

 35,363

 264,153  

 Other working capital accounts

 (33,796)

 197,802

 14,178  

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

 2,009

 (91,241)

 (3,488)

 Changes in other regulatory assets

 70,448

 116,317

 (194,396)

 Changes in pension and other postretirement liabilities

 85,880

 (39,324)

 81,285  

 Other

 48,686

 45,696

 (32,881)

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

562,425  

560,740  

782,103  

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

 (303,468)

 (334,933)

 (375,664)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

 7,417

 11,666

 11,808  

Insurance proceeds

 -

 6,580

 -  

Nuclear fuel purchases

 (55,001)

 (72,493)

 (40,738)

Proceeds from sale/leaseback of nuclear fuel

 44,554

 54,362

 37,647  

Payment for purchase of plant

 (56,409)

 -

 -  

Investment in affiliates

 (189,560)

 -

 -  

Payments to storm reserve escrow account

 (85,306)

 -

 -  

Receipts from storm reserve escrow account

 85,254

 -

 -  

Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales

 65,125

 64,583

 60,053  

Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds

 (79,369)

 (78,720)

(73,450)

Collections remitted to Texas transition charge account

 -

 (19,273)

-  

Change in money pool receivable - net

43,920

(134,636)

(11,037)

Changes in other investments - net

 3,934

 (1,553)

 (1,466)

Other regulatory investments

 -  

 -  

 (13,622)

Cash allocated to Entergy Texas in jurisdictional separation

 -  

 (297,082)

 -  

Net cash flow used in investing activities

 (518,909)

 (801,499)

 (406,469)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt

 369,493

 323,464

 -  

Retirement of long-term debt

 (366,683)

 (5,530)

 -  

Proceeds from issuance of preferred membership interests

-

9,993

-  

Redemption of preferred stock

 -

 (57,827)

 (3,450)

Dividends/distributions paid:

 Common equity

 (104,200)

 (97,800)

 (213,200)

 Preferred membership interests

 (859)

 (3,886)

 (3,976)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities

 (102,249)

 168,414  

 (220,626)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 (58,733)

 (72,345)

 155,008  

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

 108,036  

 180,381  

 25,373  

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

 $49,303  

 $108,036  

 $180,381  

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

 $127,152  

 $131,280  

 $140,204  

 Income taxes

($1,759)

($5,938)

($61,870)

Noncash financing activities:

 Repayment by Entergy Texas of assumed long-term debt

$309,123  

 $-  

 $-  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

291

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash

$22,671  

$233  

 Temporary cash investments - at cost,

 which approximates market

26,632  

107,803  

 Total cash and cash equivalents

49,303  

108,036  

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

69,264  

62,408  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(1,230)

(979)

 Associated companies

179,217  

218,891  

 Other

60,618  

59,059  

 Accrued unbilled revenues

50,272  

54,021  

 Total accounts receivable

358,141  

393,400  

Deferred fuel costs

-  

5,644  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

50,039  

21,938  

Fuel inventory - at average cost

33,751  

31,810  

Materials and supplies - at average cost

104,579  

100,161  

Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs

17,135  

5,155  

Debt assumption by Entergy Texas

100,509  

309,123  

Prepayments and other

6,381  

23,533  

TOTAL

719,838  

998,800  

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Investment in affiliate preferred membership interests

189,560  

-  

Decommissioning trust funds

303,178  

366,062  

Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

120,829  

109,517  

Other

13,245  

17,350  

TOTAL

626,812  

492,929  

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

6,402,668  

6,132,362  

Natural gas

106,125  

98,484  

Construction work in progress

201,544  

141,528  

Nuclear fuel under capital lease

140,689  

110,769  

Nuclear fuel

11,177  

11,256  

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

6,862,203  

6,494,399  

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

3,560,458  

3,433,131  

UTILITY PLANT - NET

3,301,745  

3,061,268  

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

316,421  

299,023  

 Other regulatory assets

287,912  

335,897  

 Deferred fuel costs

100,124  

100,124  

Long-term receivables

21,558  

1,872  

Debt assumption by Entergy Texas

669,462  

769,971  

Other

13,089  

12,807  

TOTAL

1,408,566  

1,519,694  

TOTAL ASSETS

$6,056,961  

$6,072,691  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

292

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Currently maturing long-term debt

$219,470  

$675,000  

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

155,147  

201,217  

 Other

162,319  

111,579  

Customer deposits

40,484  

38,061  

Taxes accrued

418  

-  

Interest accrued

30,112  

29,398  

Deferred fuel costs

91,976  

-  

Obligations under capital leases

24,368  

28,795  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

7,479  

7,064  

Gas hedge contracts

20,184  

3,476  

System agreement cost equalization

67,000  

124,775  

Other

9,220  

5,576  

TOTAL

828,177  

1,224,941  

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

1,308,449  

1,219,568  

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

91,634  

95,745  

Obligations under capital leases

116,321  

81,974  

Other regulatory liabilities

22,007  

69,890  

Decommissioning and asset retirement cost liabilities

222,909  

204,828  

Accumulated provisions

13,896  

11,887  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

188,390  

102,510  

Long-term debt

1,827,859  

1,674,113  

Other 

105,176  

87,468  

TOTAL

3,896,641  

3,547,983  

Commitments and Contingencies

MEMBERS' EQUITY

Preferred membership interests without sinking fund

10,000  

10,000  

Members' equity

1,352,408  

1,312,701  

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(30,265)

(22,934)

TOTAL

1,332,143  

1,299,767  

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY

$6,056,961  

$6,072,691  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

293

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

STATEMENTS OF MEMBERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

MEMBERS' EQUITY

Members' Equity - Beginning of period

$1,312,701  

$2,225,465  

$2,230,643  

 Add:

 Net Income

 144,767  

$144,767  

 192,779  

$192,779  

 211,988  

$211,988  

 Other

-  

479  

 -  

 Total

 144,767  

 193,258  

 211,988  

 Deduct:

 Dividends/distributions declared:

 Common equity

 104,200  

 97,800 

 213,200  

 Preferred membership interests

 825  

 825  

 3,968  

 3,968  

 3,966  

 3,966  

 Entergy Texas, Inc. paid-in capital

-  

631,994  

-  

 Entergy Texas, Inc. shareholders' equity

-  

49,452  

-  

 Entergy Texas, Inc. retained earnings

-  

322,808  

-  

 Other

35  

-  

-  

 Total

 105,060  

 1,106,022  

 217,166  

Members' Equity - End of period

$1,352,408  

$1,312,701  

$2,225,465  

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 

LOSS (Net of Taxes):

Balance at beginning of period:

 Pension and other postretirement liabilities

($22,934)

($19,914)

 $ -  

 Other accumulated comprehensive loss items

-  

-  

(1,409)

 Total

($22,934)

($19,914)

($1,409)

Minimum pension liability (net of tax expense of $0, $0 and $31)

-  

-  

-  

- 

1,941  

1,941  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities (net of tax expense (benefit) 

  of ($3,068), $4,550 and ($24,944))

(7,331)

(7,331)

(3,020)

(3,020)

(19,622)

Net unrealized investment losses

-  

-  

-  

-  

(824)

(824)

Balance at end of period:

 Pension and other postretirement liabilities

(30,265)

(22,934)

(19,914)

 Total

($30,265)

($22,934)

($19,914)

Comprehensive Income

$136,611  

$185,791  

$209,139  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

294

ENTERGY GULF STATES LOUISIANA, L.L.C.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues (2)

$2,733,365 

$3,534,612 

$3,679,573 

$3,367,171 

$2,882,384 

Net Income (2)

$144,767 

$192,779 

$211,988 

$206,497 

$192,264 

Total assets (3)

$6,056,961 

$6,072,691 

$7,786,677 

$7,809,497 

$6,655,402 

Long-term obligations (1), (3)

$1,944,180 

$1,756,087 

$2,417,480 

$2,392,804 

$1,946,589 

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues (2):

 Residential

$554 

$1,042 

$1,122 

$960 

$881 

 Commercial

 520 

 817 

 883 

 734 

 672 

 Industrial

 672 

 1,035 

 1,150 

 1,014 

 976 

 Governmental

 25 

 45 

 49 

 41 

 37 

 Total retail

1,771 

2,939 

3,204 

2,749 

2,566 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 643 

 233 

 145 

 186 

 52 

 Non-associated companies

 181 

 196 

 199 

 188 

 160 

 Other

 38 

 80 

 47 

 167 

 43 

 Total

$2,633 

$3,448 

$3,595 

$3,290 

$2,821 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh) (2):

 Residential

 4,888 

 10,215 

 10,110 

 10,024 

 9,803 

 Commercial

 4,973 

 8,980 

 8,838 

 8,486 

 8,444 

 Industrial

 8,416 

 15,012 

 15,065 

 14,967 

 16,596 

 Governmental

 215 

 448 

 454 

 441 

 432 

 Total retail

 18,492 

 34,655 

 34,467 

 33,918 

 35,275 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 6,490 

 2,488 

 3,259 

 3,213 

 1,528 

 Non-associated companies

 2,524 

 2,900 

 2,896 

 2,804 

 3,172 

 Total

 27,506 

 40,043 

 40,622 

 39,935 

 39,975 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding
currently maturing debt), preferred membership interests with sinking fund, and
noncurrent capital lease obligations.

(2) Entergy Gulf States
Louisiana's income statement for the year ended December 31, 2008 reflects the
effects of the separation of the Texas business. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's
income statements for the years ended December 31, 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007
include the operations of Entergy Texas.

(3) Entergy Gulf States
Louisiana's balance sheets as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 reflect the effects
of the separation of the Texas business. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's balance
sheets as of December 31, 2004, 2005, and 2006 include the operations of Entergy
Texas.

295

 ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike

 In September 2008, Hurricane Gustav (and, to a much lesser extent, Hurricane Ike) caused catastrophic damage to Entergy Louisiana's service territory. The storms resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage to distribution, transmission, and generation infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. Total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of Entergy Louisiana's electric facilities damaged by Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike are estimated to be in the range of $390 million to $405 million. Entergy Louisiana is considering all reasonable avenues to recover storm-related costs, including, but not limited to, accessing funded storm reserves; federal and local cost recovery mechanisms, including requests for Community Development Block Grant funding; securitization; and insurance, to the extent deductibles are met. 

 On October 9, 2008, Entergy Louisiana drew all of its $134 million funded storm reserve. On October 15, 2008, the LPSC approved Entergy Louisiana's request to defer and accrue carrying cost on unrecovered storm expenditures during the period the company seeks regulatory recovery. The approval was without prejudice to the ultimate resolution of the total amount of prudently incurred storm cost or final carrying cost rate. Entergy Louisiana expects to initiate its storm cost recovery proceeding in the spring 2009. The existing securitization legislation in Louisiana extends to Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike. Entergy is currently evaluating the amount of the losses covered by insurance for Entergy and each of the affected Utility operating companies. Because most of the Hurricane Gustav damage was to distribution and transmission facilities that are generally not covered by property insurance, Entergy does not expect to meet its deductibles for that storm. Almost all of Entergy Louisiana's damage was caused by Hurricane Gustav.

 Entergy Louisiana has recorded the estimated costs incurred, including payments already made, that were necessary to return customers to service. Entergy Louisiana has recorded approximately $236 million against its storm cost provision or as regulatory assets and approximately $153 million in construction expenditures. Entergy Louisiana recorded the regulatory assets in accordance with its accounting policies and based on the historic treatment of such costs in its service territory, because management believes that recovery through some form of regulatory mechanism is probable. Because Entergy Louisiana has not gone through the regulatory process regarding these storm costs, however, there is an element of risk, and Entergy Louisiana is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success it may have in its recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs that it may ultimately recover, or the timing of such recovery.

Results of Operations

Net Income

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net income increased $14.2 million primarily due to lower other operation and maintenance expenses, higher other income, and a lower effective income tax rate, offset by lower net revenue and higher depreciation and amortization expenses.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income increased $5.7 million primarily due to higher net revenue and lower depreciation and amortization expenses, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses and lower other income.

296

Net Revenue

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2008 to 2007.

Amount

(In Millions)

2007 net revenue

$991.1 

Retail electric price

(17.1)

Purchased power capacity

(12.0)

Net wholesale revenue

(7.4)

Other

4.6 

2008 net revenue

$959.2 

 The retail electric price variance is primarily due to the cessation of the interim storm recovery through the formula rate plan upon the Act 55 financing of storm costs and a credit passed on to customers as a result of the Act 55 storm cost financing, partially offset by increases in the formula rate plan effective October 2007. Refer to "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina" and "
State and Local Rate Regulation
" below for a discussion of the interim recovery of storm costs, the Act 55 storm cost financing, and the formula rate plan filing.

 The purchased power capacity variance is due to the amortization of deferred capacity costs effective September 2007 as a result of the formula rate plan filing in May 2007. Purchased power capacity costs are offset in base revenues due to a base rate increase implemented to recover incremental deferred and ongoing purchased power capacity charges. See "State and Local Rate Regulation
" below for a discussion of the formula rate plan filing.

 The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to provisions recorded for potential rate refunds related to the treatment of interruptible load in pricing Entergy System affiliate sales.

Gross operating revenue and, fuel and purchased power expenses

 Gross operating revenues increased primarily due to an increase of $364.7 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to higher fuel rates offset by decreased usage. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $56.8 million in gross wholesale revenue due to a decrease in System Agreement rough production cost equalization credits.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses increased primarily due to increases in the average market prices of natural gas and purchased power, partially offset by a decrease in the recovery from customers of deferred fuel costs.

297

2007 Compared to 2006

Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$942.1 

Base revenues

78.4 

Volume/weather

37.5 

Transmission revenue

9.2 

Purchased power capacity

(80.0)

Other

3.9 

2007 net revenue

$991.1 

 The base revenues variance is primarily due to increases effective September 2006 for the 2005 formula rate plan filing to recover LPSC-approved incremental deferred and ongoing capacity costs. See "State and Local Rate Regulation
" below and Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan filing.

 The volume/weather variance is due to increased electricity usage, including electricity sales during the unbilled service period. Billed retail electricity usage increased a total of 666 GWh in all sectors compared to 2006. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

 The transmission revenue variance is primarily due to higher rates.

 The purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to higher purchased power capacity charges and the amortization of capacity charges effective September 2006 as a result of the formula rate plan filing in May 2006. A portion of the purchased power capacity costs is offset in base revenues due to a base rate increase implemented to recover incremental deferred and ongoing purchased power capacity charges, as mentioned above. See "State and Local Rate Regulation
" below and Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan filing.

Gross operating revenues, fuel, purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges (credits)

Gross operating revenues increased primarily due to:

an increase of $143.1 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to higher fuel rates and usage; 

an increase of $78.4 million in base revenues, as discussed above; and

an increase of $37.5 million related to volume/weather, as discussed above.

Fuel and purchased power expenses increased primarily due to an increase in net area demand and an increase in deferred fuel expense as a result of higher fuel rates, as discussed above.

Other regulatory credits decreased primarily due to the deferral of capacity charges in 2006 in addition to the amortization of these capacity charges in 2007 as a result of the May 2006 formula rate plan filing (for the 2005 test year) with the LPSC to recover such costs through base rates effective September 2006. See Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan and storm cost recovery filings with the LPSC.

298

Other Income Statement Variances

2008 Compared to 2007

Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:

a decrease of $9.3 million in nuclear spending due to a prior year non-refueling outage;

a decrease of $8.6 million in payroll-related costs; 

a decrease of $8.1 million in loss reserves for storm damage in 2008 because of completion of the Act 55 storm cost financing; and

a decrease of $5.7 million in customer service costs primarily as a result of write-offs in 2007 of uncollectible customer accounts.

The decrease was partially offset by an increase of $4.5 million in transmission spending due to additional costs related to compliance, substation maintenance, and line and vegetation maintenance and an increase of $4.3 million in fossil expenses due to a fossil plant maintenance outage in 2008.

Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to:

a revision in the third quarter 2007 related to depreciation on storm cost-related assets. Recovery of the cost of those assets will now be through the Act 55 financing of storm costs as approved by the LPSC in the third quarter 2007. See "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina" below for a discussion of the Act 55 storm cost financing;

a revision in the fourth quarter 2008 of estimated depreciable lives involving certain intangible assets in accordance with formula rate plan treatment; and

an increase in plant in service. 

Other income increased primarily due to:

dividends of $29.5 million earned on preferred stock purchased from Entergy Holdings Company with the proceeds received from the Act 55 Storm Cost Financings;

interest earned on the deferred fuel balance;

carrying charges on storm restoration costs approved by the LPSC; and

an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to more construction work in progress in 2008.

See "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina" below for a discussion of the Act 55 storm cost financing.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $8.7 million in nuclear spending due to a non-refueling outage and higher NRC fees;

an increase of $6.8 million due to higher insurance premiums and the timing of premium payments in 2007 compared to 2006; 

an increase of $6.8 million in customer service costs, primarily a result of an increase in the write-offs of uncollectible customer accounts;

an increase of $3.8 million in distribution labor, contract costs, and maintenance due 
to the return to 
normal operations work in 2007 versus storm restoration activities in 2006 as a result of the hurricanes;
an increase of $3.2 million in expenses in the fourth quarter 2007 in connection with the nuclear operations fleet alignment, which is discussed in more detail in Note 13 to the financial statements;

an increase of $3.4 million in vegetation maintenance expenses due to a planned decrease in vegetation maintenance in 2006; and

an increase of $2.5 million in transmission spending due to costs related to the Independent Coordinator of Transmission.

299

The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $4.1 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefits costs and a environmental liability credit of $2.0 million for resolution of a pollution loss provision.

Depreciation and amortization expenses decreased primarily due to a revision in the third quarter 2007 related to depreciation previously recorded on storm-related assets. Recovery of the cost of those assets will now be through the securitization of storm costs approved by the LPSC in the third quarter 2007. The securitization approval is discussed below under "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina
." The decrease was partially offset by higher depreciation expense as a result of an increase in plant in service and a revision recorded in 2006 of estimated depreciable lives involving certain intangible assets.

 Other income decreased primarily due to:

an LPSC settlement in which Entergy Louisiana agreed to credit customers $7.2 million for customer contributions to the Central Interstate Low-Level Radioactive Waste States Compact for a facility in Nebraska that was never completed;

a decrease in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to more construction work in progress in 2006 as a result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita; and

a decrease of $1.6 million in interest earned on deferred capacity charges as a result of the recovery of deferred capacity charges.

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates for 2008, 2007, and 2006 were 31.0%, 36.8%, and 36.3%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35.0% to the effective income tax rate.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow 

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 were as follows:

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$300 

$2,743 

$105,285 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

1,082,592 

353,217 

413,017 

Investing activities

(1,170,994)

(297,460)

(479,276)

Financing activities

227,020 

(58,200)

(36,283)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

138,618 

(2,443)

(102,542)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$138,918 

$300 

$2,743 

Operating Activities

 Cash flow provided by operating activities increased $729.4 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily due to storm cost proceeds of $679 million received from the LURC as a result of the Act 55 storm cost financings and income tax refunds of $12.7 million in 2008 compared to income tax payments of $119.1 million in 2007. The increase was partially offset by a lower amount of fuel costs recovered in 2008 than in 2007. See "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina" below for a discussion of the storm cost financings.

300

 Cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $59.8 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to:

the timing of collections of receivables from customers and payments to vendors, including the catch-up in receivable collections in 2006 due to delays caused by the hurricanes in 2005; and

an increase of $74.2 million in income tax payments.

The decrease was partially offset by increased recovery of deferred fuel costs and pension contributions of $54 million in 2006.

Investing Activities

 Net cash flow used in investing activities increased $873.5 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily due to:

the investment of $545 million in affiliate securities as a result of the Act 55 storm cost financings. See "Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina" below for a discussion of the storm cost financings;

increased construction expenditures in 2008 due to Hurricane Gustav and Hurricane Ike, the Little Gypsy Unit 3 repowering project, and various nuclear projects; and

money pool activity. 

 Increases in Entergy Louisiana's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy Louisiana's receivable from the money pool increased by $61.2 million in 2008. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries need for external short-term borrowings.

 Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $181.8 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to:

higher distribution and transmission construction expenditures in 2006 due to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita;

a decrease in 2006 due to capacity costs that were deferred and expected to be recovered over a period greater than twelve months; and

insurance proceeds received in 2007 relating to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.

The decrease was partially offset by higher spending on nuclear projects in 2007.

Financing Activities

 Entergy Louisiana's financings activities provided $227.0 million of cash in 2008 compared to using $58.2 million of cash in 2007 primarily due to the issuance of $300 million of 6.50% Series First Mortgage Bonds in August 2008 and money pool activity, partially offset by the repurchase, prior to maturity, of $60 million of Auction Rate governmental bonds, which are being held for remarketing at a later date.

 Net cash flow used in financing activities increased $21.9 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to a $50 million equity contribution in 2006 from its parent, Entergy Louisiana Holdings, Inc., and money pool activity. The increase was partially offset by the payment of $40 million on a credit facility in 2006 and the retirement of $25 million of long-term debt in 2006. 

Decreases in Entergy Louisiana's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy Louisiana's payable to the money pool decreased $2.8 million in 2008, $51.3 million in 2007, and $14.6 million in 2006. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings. 

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.

301

Capital Structure

Entergy Louisiana's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. The increase in the debt to capital for Entergy Louisiana as of December 31, 2008 is primarily due to the issuance of $300 million 6.50% Series First Mortgage Bonds in August 2008, partially offset by the repurchase, prior to maturity, of $60 million of Auction Rate governmental bonds.

December 31,
 2008

December 31,
2007

Net debt to net capital 

43.6%

43.4%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

2.5%

0.0%

Debt to capital 

46.1%

43.4%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of notes payable, capital lease obligations, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and members' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy Louisiana uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Louisiana's financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 Entergy Louisiana requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt and preferred equity maturities;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and

distribution and interest payments.

Following are the amounts of Entergy Louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments, existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments), and other purchase obligations:

2009

2010-2011

2012-2013

After 2013

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1)

$451

$1,248

N/A

N/A

$1,699

Long-term debt 

$102

$416

$183

$1,648

$2,349

Operating leases 

$9

$14

$10

$8

$41

Purchase obligations (2)

$658

$1,263

$882

$3,402

$6,205

Nuclear fuel lease obligations (3)

$38

$36

N/A

N/A

$74

(1)

Includes approximately $148 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy Louisiana, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the Vidalia purchased power agreement and the Unit Power Sales Agreement, both of which are discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

(3)

It is expected that additional financing under the lease will be arranged as needed to acquire additional fuel, to pay interest, and to pay maturing debt. If such additional financing cannot be arranged, however, Entergy Louisiana must repurchase sufficient nuclear fuel to allow the lessor to meet its obligations.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above,
Entergy Louisiana expects to spend approximately $19 million related to
Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Gustav restoration work in 2009. Also, Entergy
Louisiana expects to contribute $11.1 million to its pension plans and $9.7
million to its other postretirement plans in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the
Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008

302

plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy
Louisiana's pension contributions in the future. Entergy Louisiana anticipates
contributing $9.7 million to its other postretirement plans in 2009. Also in
addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy Louisiana has $298.7 million of
unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond
12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of
effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements
for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits. 

The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy Louisiana reflects capital required to support existing business and customer growth, including the replacement of the Waterford 3 steam generators and the repowering of the Little Gypsy Unit 3, each of which are discussed below.

Little Gypsy Repowering Project

In April 2007, Entergy Louisiana announced that it intended to pursue the solid fuel repowering of a 538 MW unit at its Little Gypsy plant, and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana filed subsequently with the LPSC seeking certification to participate in one-third of the project.  Petroleum coke and coal would be the unit's primary fuel sources.  In July 2007, Entergy Louisiana filed with the LPSC for approval of the repowering project. In addition to seeking a finding that the project is in the public interest, the filing with the LPSC asked that Entergy Louisiana be allowed to recover a portion of the project's financing costs during the construction period. Hearings were held in October 2007, and the LPSC approved the certification of the project in November 2007 (the Phase I order), subject to several conditions. One of the conditions is the development and approval of a construction monitoring plan. A decision regarding whether to allow Entergy Louisiana to recover a portion of the project's financing costs during the construction period was deferred to Phase II of the proceedings.

The LPSC Phase I order has been appealed to the state district court in Baton Rouge, Louisiana by a group led by the Sierra Club and represented by the Tulane Environmental Law Clinic. A status conference in the Phase I appeal was held December 3, 2008, and the parties agreed to a procedural schedule that includes oral argument before the judge on April 9, 2009.

The preconstruction and operating air permits for the Little Gypsy repowering project were issued by the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality (LDEQ) in November 2007 under then-effective federal and state air regulations, including the EPA's Clean Air Mercury Rule that had been issued in 2005 (CAMR 2005). As discussed in more detail in Part I, Item 1, "Environmental Regulation, Clean Air Act and Subsequent Amendments, Hazardous Air Pollutants", in February 2008 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit struck down CAMR 2005. The D.C. Circuit decision requires utilities that have not yet begun construction of the facility in question to undergo before beginning construction a case-by-case Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) analysis for construction or reconstruction of emission units pursuant to the Clean Air Act. The Little Gypsy project as currently configured is expected to meet MACT standards. Little Gypsy received its construction permit before a formal MACT analysis was required, however, and Entergy Louisiana sought a MACT determination from the LDEQ. The LDEQ issued the new air permit in February 2009. Onsite construction of the project was scheduled to begin in July 2008, but obtaining the MACT determination caused a delay in the start of construction, which Entergy Louisiana now expects will not begin before mid-year 2009. Currently, the commercial operation date of the project is not expected to be before mid-year 2013. Entergy Louisiana continues to make its quarterly monitoring plan filings with the LPSC. These reports are intended to inform the LPSC and its staff of the construction status and cost of the project as well as the ongoing economic viability of the project compared to other alternatives.

The LPSC had approved the temporary suspension of Phase II of the Little Gypsy proceedings because Entergy Louisiana needed to update its estimated project cost and schedule in order to support the request to recover cash earnings on its construction work in progress (CWIP) costs. On October 16, 2008, Entergy Louisiana, together with Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, filed an application to resume Phase II of the proceeding. The Phase II filing seeks certification for Entergy Gulf States Louisiana to participate in a one-third ownership share in the repowering project. In addition, Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana seek recovery of approximately 79% of their construction financing costs through the recovery of cash earnings on CWIP costs. The LPSC previously found that the recovery of CWIP for a large baseload project may be in the public interest as cash earnings may be needed to protect the utility's financial integrity, maintain an

303

acceptable credit rating, prevent an undue increase in the utility's cost of capital, or to accomplish phasing in of the cost of a large capital project for the benefit of customers. In Phase II, the LPSC would rule on Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's certification request, determine the appropriate amount of CWIP costs, if any, to be recovered and would develop the allocation, accounting and rate recovery mechanisms for such recovery. The LPSC also would determine the appropriate procedure or mechanism for synchronizing base rate recovery of Little Gypsy's fixed or non-fuel costs with its commercial in-service date. In addition, the LPSC consolidated, into the Little Gypsy Phase II proceeding, the issue of whether Entergy Louisiana would be permitted to recover cash earnings on its CWIP costs for the Waterford 3 Steam Generator Replacement Project discussed below. After a status conference in November 2008, a procedural schedule was established for Phase II that includes a hearing on April 28 and 29, 2009. Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana have requested that the case be decided in time to permit the recovery of cash earnings on CWIP beginning in July 2009.

Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana currently expect that the project would cost $1.76 billion (including AFUDC), including $697 million for Entergy Louisiana for the 2009-2011 period.

Waterford 3 Steam Generator Replacement Project

Entergy Louisiana plans to replace the Waterford 3 steam generators, along with the reactor vessel closure head and control element drive mechanisms, in 2011. Replacement of these components is common to pressurized water reactors throughout the nuclear industry.  The nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials associated with these components within the reactor coolant system.  The issue is applicable to Waterford 3 and is managed in accordance with standard industry practices and guidelines.  Routine inspections of the steam generators during Waterford 3's Fall 2006 refueling outage identified additional degradation of certain tube spacer supports in the steam generators that required repair beyond that anticipated prior to the outage.  Corrective measures were successfully implemented to permit continued operation of the steam generators. While potential future replacement of these components had been contemplated, additional steam generator tube and component degradation necessitates replacement of the steam generators as soon as reasonably achievable.  The earliest the new steam generators can be manufactured and delivered for installation is 2011. A mid-cycle outage performed in 2007 supports Entergy Louisiana's 2011 replacement strategy. The reactor vessel head and control element drive mechanisms will be replaced at the same time, utilizing the same reactor building construction opening that is necessary for the steam generator replacement. 

In June 2008, Entergy Louisiana filed with the LPSC for approval of the project, including full cost recovery. The petition seeks relief in two phases. Phase I seeks certification within 120 days that the public convenience and necessity would be served by undertaking this project. Among other relief requested, Entergy Louisiana is also seeking approval for a procedure to synchronize permanent base rate recovery when the project is placed in service, either by a formula rate plan or base rate filing. In Phase II, Entergy Louisiana will seek cash earnings on construction work in progress.

Following discovery and the filing of testimony by the LPSC staff and an intervenor, the parties entered into a stipulated settlement of the proceeding. The LPSC unanimously approved the settlement in November 2008. The settlement resolved the following issues: 1) the accelerated degradation of the steam generators is not the result of any imprudence on the part of Entergy Louisiana; 2) the decision to undertake the replacement project at the current estimated cost of $511 million is in the public interest, is prudent, and would serve the public convenience and necessity; 3) the scope of the replacement project is in the public interest; 4) undertaking the replacement project at the target installation date during the 2011 refueling outage is in the public interest; and 5) the jurisdictional costs determined to be prudent in a future prudence review are eligible for cost recovery, either in an extention or renewal of the formula rate plan or in a full base rate case including necessary proformas. Upon completion of the replacement project, the LPSC will undertake a prudence review with regard to the following aspects of the replacement project: 1) project management; 2) cost controls; 3) success in achieving stated objectives; 4) the costs of the replacement project; and 5) the outage length and replacement power costs. The settlement also provides that Phase II of the proceeding will be consolidated with Phase II of the Little Gypsy proceeding, and the LPSC has consolidated them.

Entergy Louisiana estimates that it will spend approximately $511 million on this project, including $377 million over the 2009-2011 period.

304

Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental compliance, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

Sources of Capital 

 Entergy Louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt or preferred membership interest issuances; and

bank financing under new and existing facilities.

 Entergy Louisiana may refinance or redeem debt and preferred membership interests prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and distribution rates are favorable.

 All debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by Entergy Louisiana require prior regulatory approval. Preferred membership interest and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in corporate charters, bond indentures, and other agreements. Entergy Louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.

Entergy Louisiana's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2008

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

$61,236

($2,791)

($54,041)

($68,677)

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.

Entergy Louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $200 million scheduled to expire in August 2012. No borrowings were outstanding under the credit facility as of December 31, 2008.

In April 2008, Entergy Louisiana repurchased, prior to maturity, $60 million of Auction Rate governmental bonds, which are being held for possible remarketing at a later date.

 In August 2008, Entergy Louisiana issued $300 million of 6.50% Series First Mortgage Bonds due September 2018. The net proceeds of the issuance will be used for capital expenditures, working capital needs, and general corporate purposes. Prior to their application, the remaining net proceeds may be invested in temporary cash investments or the Entergy System money pool.

Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina

 In August and September 2005, Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, along with extensive flooding that resulted from levee breaks in and around Entergy Louisiana's service territory, caused catastrophic damage. The storms and flooding resulted in widespread power outages; significant damage to distribution, transmission, and generation infrastructure; and the temporary loss of sales and customers due to mandatory evacuations and destruction of homes and businesses due to wind, rain, and extended periods of flooding. Entergy pursued a broad range of initiatives to recover storm restoration and business continuity costs and incremental losses. Initiatives included obtaining reimbursement of certain costs covered by insurance and pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by the FERC and local regulatory bodies, in combination with securitization.

305

Insurance Claims

 See Note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of Entergy's conventional property insurance program. Entergy has received a total of $277 million as of December 31, 2008 on its Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita insurance claims, including the settlements of its Hurricane Katrina claims with each of its two excess insurers. Of the $277 million received, $40 million has been allocated to Entergy Louisiana. Entergy currently expects to receive payment for any remaining insurance recovery related to Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita in 2009.

Storm Cost Financings

 In March 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Louisiana, and the Louisiana Utilities Restoration Corporation (LURC), an instrumentality of the State of Louisiana, filed at the LPSC an application requesting that the LPSC grant financing orders authorizing the financing of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana storm costs, storm reserves, and issuance costs pursuant to Act 55 of the Louisiana Legislature (Act 55 financings). The Act 55 financings are expected to produce additional customer benefits as compared to Act 64 traditional securitization.  Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana also filed an application requesting LPSC approval for ancillary issues including the mechanism to flow charges and savings to customers via a Storm Cost Offset rider.  On April 3, 2008, the Louisiana State Bond Commission granted preliminary approval for the Act 55 financings.  On April 8, 2008, the Louisiana Public Facilities Authority (LPFA), which is the issuer of the bonds pursuant to the Act 55 financings, approved requests for the Act 55 financings.  On April 10, 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana and the LPSC Staff filed with the LPSC an uncontested stipulated settlement that includes Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Louisiana's proposals under the Act 55 financings, which includes a commitment to pass on to customers a minimum of $10 million and $30 million of customer benefits, respectively, through prospective annual rate reductions of $2 million and $6 million for five years. On April 16, 2008, the LPSC approved the settlement and issued two financing orders and one ratemaking order intended to facilitate implementation of the Act 55 financings.  In May 2008, the Louisiana State Bond Commission granted final approval of the Act 55 financings.

 On July 29, 2008, the LPFA issued $687.7 million in bonds under the aforementioned Act 55. From the $679 million of bond proceeds loaned by the LPFA to the LURC, the LURC deposited $152 million in a restricted escrow account as a storm damage reserve for Entergy Louisiana and transferred $527 million directly to Entergy Louisiana. From the bond proceeds received by Entergy Louisiana from the LURC, Entergy Louisiana invested $545 million, including $17.8 million that was withdrawn from the restricted escrow account as approved by the April 16, 2008 LPSC orders, in exchange for 5,449,861.85 Class A preferred, non-voting, membership interest units of Entergy Holdings Company LLC, a company wholly-owned and consolidated by Entergy, that carry a 10% annual distribution rate. Distributions are payable quarterly commencing on September 15, 2008 and have a liquidation price of $100 per unit. The preferred membership interests are callable at the option of Entergy Holdings Company LLC after ten years. The terms of the membership interests include certain financial covenants to which Entergy Holdings Company LLC is subject, including the requirement to maintain a net worth of at least $1 billion.

 Entergy Louisiana does not report the bonds on its balance sheet because the bonds are the obligation of the LPFA, and there is no recourse against Entergy Louisiana in the event of a bond default.

State and Local Rate Regulation

 The rates that Entergy Louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy Louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. A governmental agency, the LPSC, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.

 In May 2008, Entergy Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2007 test year, seeking an $18.4 million rate increase, comprised of $12.6 million of recovery of incremental and deferred capacity costs and $5.8 million based on a cost of service revenue deficiency related to continued lost contribution to fixed costs associated with the loss of customers due to Hurricane Katrina. The filing includes two alternative versions of the calculated revenue requirement, one that reflects Entergy Louisiana's full request for recovery of the

306

 loss of fixed cost contribution and the other that reflects the anticipated rate implementation in September 2008, subject to refund, of only a portion of the full request, with the remainder deferred, until the lost fixed cost contribution issue is resolved. Under the first alternative, Entergy Louisiana's earned return on common equity was 9.44%, whereas under the other alternative, its earned return on common equity was 9.04%. The LPSC staff and intervenors issued their reports on Entergy Louisiana's filing on July 31, 2008 and, with minor exceptions, primarily raised proposed disallowance issues that were previously raised with regard to Entergy Louisiana's May 2007 filing and remain at issue in that proceeding. Entergy Louisiana disagrees with the majority of the proposed adjustments. In August 2008, Entergy Louisiana implemented a $43.9 million formula rate plan decrease to remove interim storm cost recovery and to reduce the storm damage accrual. Entergy Louisiana then implemented a $16.9 million formula rate plan increase, subject to refund, effective the first billing cycle in September 2008, comprised of $12.6 million of recovery of incremental and deferred capacity costs and $4.3 million based on a cost of service deficiency. A procedural schedule has not been established yet for further consideration of the issues raised regarding the formula rate plan filing.

 In May 2007, Entergy Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2006 test year, indicating a 7.6% earned return on common equity. That filing included Entergy Louisiana's request to recover $39.8 million in unrecovered fixed costs associated with the loss of customers that resulted from Hurricane Katrina, a request that was recently reduced to $31.7 million. In September 2007, Entergy Louisiana modified its formula rate plan filing to reflect its implementation of certain adjustments proposed by the LPSC Staff in its review of Entergy Louisiana's original filing with which Entergy Louisiana agreed, and to reflect its implementation of an $18.4 million annual formula rate plan increase comprised of (1) a $23.8 million increase representing 60% of Entergy Louisiana's revenue deficiency, and (2) a $5.4 million decrease for reduced incremental and deferred capacity costs. The LPSC authorized Entergy Louisiana to defer for accounting purposes the difference between its $39.8 million claim, now at $31.7 million, for unrecovered fixed cost and 60% of the revenue deficiency to preserve Entergy Louisiana's right to pursue that claim in full during the formula rate plan proceeding. In October 2007, Entergy Louisiana implemented a $7.1 million formula rate plan decrease that was due primarily to the reclassification of certain franchise fees from base rates to collection via a line item on customer bills pursuant to an LPSC Order. The LPSC staff and intervenors have recommended disallowance of certain costs included in Entergy Louisiana's filing. Entergy Louisiana disagrees with the majority of the proposed disallowances and a hearing on the disputed issues was held in late-September/early-October 2008. Post-hearing briefing concluded in mid-December 2008.

 In May 2006, Entergy Louisiana made its formula rate plan filing with the LPSC for the 2005 test year. Entergy Louisiana modified the filing in August 2006 to reflect a 9.45% return on equity which is within the allowed bandwidth. The modified filing includes an increase of $24.2 million for interim recovery of storm costs from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita and a $119.2 million rate increase to recover LPSC-approved incremental deferred and ongoing capacity costs. The filing requested recovery of approximately $50 million for the amortization of capacity deferrals over a three-year period, including carrying charges, and approximately $70 million for ongoing capacity costs. The increase was implemented, subject to refund, with the first billing cycle of September 2006. Entergy Louisiana subsequently updated its formula rate plan rider to reflect adjustments proposed by the LPSC Staff with which it agrees. The adjusted return on equity of 9.56% remains within the allowed bandwidth. Ongoing and deferred incremental capacity costs were reduced to $118.7 million. The updated formula rate plan rider was implemented, subject to refund, with the first billing cycle of October 2006. An uncontested stipulated settlement was filed in February 2008 that will leave the current base rates in place, and the LPSC approved the settlement in March 2008. In the settlement Entergy Louisiana agreed to credit customers $7.2 million, plus $0.7 million of interest, for customer contributions to the Central Interstate Low-Level Radioactive Waste States Compact for a facility in Nebraska that was never completed and agreed to a one-time $2.6 million deduction from the deferred capacity cost balance. The credit, for which Entergy Louisiana had previously recorded a provision, was made in May 2008.

In addition to rate proceedings, Entergy Louisiana's fuel costs recovered from customers are subject to regulatory scrutiny. This regulatory risk represents Entergy Louisiana's largest potential exposure to price changes in the commodity markets.

 Entergy Louisiana's retail rate matters and proceedings, including fuel cost recovery-related issues, are discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

307

Federal Regulation

Interruptible Load Proceeding

 In April 2007 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit issued its opinion in the LPSC's appeal of the FERC's March 2004 and April 2005 orders related to the treatment under the System Agreement of the Utility operating companies' interruptible loads.  In its opinion, the D.C. Circuit concluded that the FERC (1) acted arbitrarily and capriciously by allowing the Utility operating companies to phase-in the effects of the elimination of the interruptible load over a 12-month period of time; (2) failed to adequately explain why refunds could not be ordered under Section 206(c) of the Federal Power Act; and (3) exercised appropriately its discretion to defer addressing the cost of sulfur dioxide allowances until a later time.  The D.C. Circuit remanded the matter to the FERC for a more considered determination on the issue of refunds. The FERC issued its order on remand in September 2007, in which it directs Entergy to make a compliance filing removing all interruptible load from the computation of peak load responsibility commencing April 1, 2004 and to issue any necessary refunds to reflect this change. In addition, the order directs the Utility operating companies to make refunds for the period May 1995 through July 1996. Entergy, the APSC, the MPSC, and the City Council requested rehearing of the FERC's order on remand. The FERC granted the Utility operating companies' request to delay the payment of refunds for the period May 1995 through July 1996 until 30 days following a FERC order on rehearing. The FERC issued in September 2008 an order denying rehearing. The refunds were made by the Utility operating companies that owed refunds to the Utility operating companies that were due a refund on October 15, 2008. The APSC and the Utility operating companies appealed the FERC decisions to the D.C. Circuit. The procedural schedule calls for briefing during the first half of 2009. Because of its refund obligation to customers as a result of this proceeding and a related LPSC proceeding, Entergy Louisiana recorded provisions during 2008 of approximately $16 million, including interest, for rate refunds.

System Agreement Proceedings

 See "System Agreement Proceedings" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion.

Interconnection Orders

 See "Interconnection Orders" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion.

Utility Restructuring

 In November 2001, the LPSC decided not to move forward with retail open access for any customers at this time. The LPSC instead directed its staff to hold collaborative group meetings concerning open access from time to time, and to have the LPSC staff monitor developments in neighboring states and to report to the LPSC regarding the progress of retail access developments in those states. In September 2004, in response to a study performed by the Louisiana State University Center for Energy Studies that evaluated a limited industrial-only retail choice program, the LPSC asked the LPSC staff to solicit comments and obtain information from utilities, customers, and other interested parties concerning the potential costs and benefits of a limited choice program, the impact of such a program on other customers, as well as issues such as

stranded costs and transmission service.  
Comments from interested parties were filed with the LPSC in January 2005. A technical conference was held in April 2005 and in May 2005 interested parties filed reply comments to arguments made at the technical conference. Entergy stated that it believes that there is no new information or credible evidence that would justify altering the LPSC's previous conclusion that retail access is not in the public interest.

308

Industrial and Commercial Customers 

 Entergy Louisiana's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. In particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of Entergy Louisiana's industrial customer base. Entergy Louisiana responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. Entergy Louisiana actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers. Entergy Louisiana does not currently expect additional significant losses to cogeneration because of the current economics of the electricity markets and Entergy Louisiana's marketing efforts in retaining industrial customers.

Nuclear Matters

Entergy Louisiana owns and operates, through an affiliate, the Waterford 3 nuclear power plant. Entergy Louisiana is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. These include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. In the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of Waterford 3, Entergy Louisiana may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.

The nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to stress corrosion cracking of certain materials associated with components within the reactor coolant system.  The issue is applicable to Waterford 3 and is managed in accordance with standard industry practices and guidelines.  As discussed above in more detail, Entergy Louisiana plans to replace the Waterford 3 steam generators, along with the reactor vessel closure head and control element drive mechanisms, in 2011.

Environmental Risks

 Entergy Louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that Entergy Louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of Entergy Louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of Entergy Louisiana's financial position or results of operations.

309

Nuclear Decommissioning Costs 

 See "Nuclear Decommissioning Costs" in the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy Louisiana records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation. 

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands):

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Projected
Qualified Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$1,234

$13,154

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$957

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$593

$2,898

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated
Postretirement Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$643

$3,321

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$368

$3,708

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

310

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy Louisiana in 2008 was $7 million. Entergy Louisiana anticipates 2009 qualified pension cost to be $6.2 million. Entergy Louisiana contributed $53 thousand to its pension plans in 2008; and anticipates funding $11.1 million in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, continues to evolve, be interpreted through technical corrections bills, and discussed within the industry and congressional lawmakers. Any changes to Pension Protection Act as a result of these discussions and efforts may affect the level of Entergy's pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy Louisiana in 2008 were $16.7 million, including $2.8 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Louisiana expects 2009 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $16.8 million, including $2.8 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Louisiana expects to contribute $9.7 million to its other postretirement plans in 2009.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

311

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Members
Entergy Louisiana, LLC:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy Louisiana, LLC (the "Company") as of December 31, 2008 and 2007 and the related statements of income; of members' equity and comprehensive income; and of cash flows (pages 313 through 318 and applicable items in pages 65 through 187) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy Louisiana, LLC as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
February 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 27, 2009

312

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

 (In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$3,051,294  

$2,737,552  

$2,451,258  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

1,048,502  

887,749  

710,746  

 Purchased power

1,010,804  

814,779  

824,645  

 Nuclear refueling outage expenses

19,638  

17,664  

15,337  

 Other operation and maintenance

408,489  

427,241  

394,390  

Decommissioning

19,907  

18,530  

17,245  

Taxes other than income taxes

63,184  

60,293  

61,168  

Depreciation and amortization

197,909  

178,841  

186,021  

Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

32,763  

43,949  

(26,257)

TOTAL

2,801,196  

2,449,046  

2,183,295  

OPERATING INCOME

250,098  

288,506  

267,963  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

18,439  

11,119  

14,229  

Interest and dividend income

46,370  

8,901  

12,997  

Miscellaneous - net

(3,703)

(3,497)

2,725  

TOTAL

61,106  

16,523  

29,951  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

83,003  

74,021  

81,563  

Other interest - net

11,307  

11,708  

10,653  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(11,297)

(7,531)

(10,258)

TOTAL

83,013  

78,198  

81,958  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

228,191  

226,831  

215,956  

Income taxes

70,648  

83,494  

78,338  

NET INCOME

157,543  

143,337  

137,618  

Preferred distribution requirements and other

6,950  

6,950  

6,950  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON EQUITY

$150,593  

$136,387  

$130,668  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

313

(Page left blank intentionally)

314

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$157,543  

$143,337

$137,618

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Reserve for regulatory adjustments

-

-

7,635

 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

32,763

43,949

(26,257)

 Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning

217,816

197,371

203,266

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

123,219  

(26,634)

38,290  

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

(111,579)

(65,082)

140,690

 Accounts payable

9,344

(74,923)

50,499

 Taxes accrued

17,937  

1,519  

(23,997)

 Interest accrued

8,541

(750)

2,047

 Deferred fuel costs

42,779

95,094

(92,423)

 Other working capital accounts

116,565  

46,418  

4,739  

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

1,511

(5,393)

2,060

 Changes in other regulatory assets

412,561

(23,829)

3,963

 Changes in pension and other postretirement liabilities

136,897

(860)

20,199

 Other

(83,305)

23,000  

(55,312)

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

1,082,592

353,217

413,017

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

(584,394)

(321,506)

(449,015)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

18,439

11,119

14,229

Insurance proceeds

11,317

10,065

-

Nuclear fuel purchases 

(71,328)

(3,131)

(55,994)

Proceeds from the sale/leaseback of nuclear fuel

70,928

14,306

44,819

Investment in affiliates

(545,154)

-

-

Payments to storm reserve escrow account

(134,423)

-

-

Receipts from storm reserve escrow account

133,622

-

-

Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales

23,497  

23,848  

20,179  

Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds

(31,262)

(32,161)

(29,079)

Change in money pool receivable - net

(61,236)

-

-

Changes in other investments - net

(1,000)

-

-

Other regulatory investments

-

-

(24,415)

Net cash flow used in investing activities

(1,170,994)

(297,460)

(479,276)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of:

 Long-term debt

296,761

-

-

Additional equity from parent

-

1,119

50,013

Retirement of long-term debt

(60,000)

-

(25,000)

Change in money pool payable - net

(2,791)

(51,250)

(14,636)

Changes in short-term borrowings

-

-

(40,000)

Dividends/distributions paid:

 Preferred membership interests

(6,950)

(8,069)

(6,660)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities

227,020

(58,200)

(36,283)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

138,618

(2,443)

(102,542)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

300

2,743

105,285

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$138,918

$300

$2,743

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$82,449  

$82,584  

$86,229  

 Income taxes

($12,718)

$119,080  

$44,830  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

315

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31, 

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash 

 $ -

$300  

 Temporary cash investments - at cost, 

 which approximates market

138,918  

-  

Total cash and cash equivalents

138,918  

300  

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

127,765  

96,679  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(1,698)

(1,988)

 Associated companies

244,575  

91,873  

 Other

11,271  

14,186  

 Accrued unbilled revenues

67,512  

75,860  

 Total accounts receivable

449,425  

276,610  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

66,229  

15,229  

Materials and supplies - at average cost

128,388  

108,959  

Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs

19,962  

7,080  

Prepayments and other

10,046  

7,820  

TOTAL

812,968  

415,998  

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Investment in affiliate preferred membership interests

545,154  

-  

Decommissioning trust funds

180,862  

221,971  

Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

1,306  

1,488  

Note receivable - Entergy New Orleans

9,353  

9,353  

Other

1,805  

4  

TOTAL

738,480  

232,816  

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

6,734,732  

6,550,597  

Property under capital lease

256,348  

253,387  

Construction work in progress

602,070  

276,974  

Nuclear fuel under capital lease

74,197  

44,532  

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

7,667,347  

7,125,490  

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

3,245,701  

3,095,473  

UTILITY PLANT - NET

4,421,646  

4,030,017  

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

107,596

117,322  

 Other regulatory assets

515,053

832,449  

 Deferred fuel costs

67,998  

67,998  

Long-term receivables

1,209  

2,982  

Other

20,218  

23,539  

TOTAL

712,074  

1,044,290  

TOTAL ASSETS

$6,685,168  

$5,723,121  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

316

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

$67,465  

$65,930  

 Other

254,055  

148,651  

Customer deposits

78,401  

79,013  

Taxes accrued

25,693  

7,756  

Interest accrued

38,280  

29,739  

Deferred fuel costs

91,563  

48,784  

Obligations under capital leases

38,362  

42,714  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

8,935  

8,772  

System agreement cost equalization

156,000  

46,000  

Gas hedge contracts

26,668  

2,741  

Other

33,841  

16,220  

TOTAL

819,263  

496,320  

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

1,940,065  

1,803,430  

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

82,848  

86,045  

Obligations under capital leases

35,843  

1,818  

Other regulatory liabilities

43,562  

127,836  

Decommissioning

276,839  

257,066  

Accumulated provisions

19,916  

18,405  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

282,683  

145,786  

Long-term debt

1,387,473  

1,147,660  

Other 

88,838  

85,214  

TOTAL

4,158,067  

3,673,260  

Commitments and Contingencies

MEMBERS' EQUITY

Preferred membership interests without sinking fund

100,000  

100,000  

Members' equity

1,632,053

1,481,509  

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(24,215)

(27,968)

TOTAL

1,707,838  

1,553,541  

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS' EQUITY

$6,685,168  

$5,723,121  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

317

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

STATEMENTS OF MEMBERS' EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

MEMBERS' EQUITY

Members' Equity, January 1

$1,481,509  

$1,344,003  

$1,105,172  

 Add:

 Net income

157,543  

$157,543 

143,337  

$143,337  

137,618  

$137,618  

 Additional equity from parent

-  

1,119  

108,327  

 Total

157,543  

144,456  

245,945  

 Deduct:

 Dividends/distribution declared:

 Common equity

 Preferred membership interests

6,950  

6,950 

6,950  

6,950  

6,950  

6,950  

 Other

49  

-  

164  

 Total 

6,999  

6,950  

7,114  

Members' Equity, December 31

$1,632,053  

$1,481,509  

$1,344,003  

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 

INCOME (Net of Taxes):

Balance at beginning of period:

  Accumulated other comprehensive income 

($27,968)

($25,695)

 $ -  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities (net of tax expense (benefit) 

  of $2,835, ($6,703), and ($30,137))

3,753  

3,753 

(2,273)

(2,273)

(25,695)

(25,695)

Balance at end of period:

  Pension and other postretirement liabilities 

($24,215)

($27,968)

($25,695)

Comprehensive Income

$154,346 

$134,114  

$104,973  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

318

ENTERGY LOUISIANA, LLC

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$3,051,294 

$2,737,552 

$2,451,258 

$2,650,181 

$2,226,986 

Net Income

$157,543 

$143,337 

$137,618 

$128,082 

$127,495 

Total assets 

$6,685,168 

$5,723,121 

$5,654,842 

$5,855,053 

$4,845,597 

Long-term obligations (1)

$1,423,316 

$1,149,478 

$1,191,044 

$1,208,140 

$939,598 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt) and noncurrent capital lease obligations.

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$967 

$854 

$797 

$828 

$770 

 Commercial

 660 

 578 

 533 

 539 

 501 

 Industrial

 1,062 

 872 

 809 

 834 

 779 

 Governmental

 51 

 43 

 40 

 41 

 38 

 Total retail

 2,740 

 2,347 

 2,179 

 2,242 

 2,088 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 249 

 310 

 215 

 339 

 96 

 Non-associated companies

 12 

 8 

 12 

 14 

 13 

 Other

 50 

 73 

 45 

 55 

 30 

 Total

$3,051 

$2,738 

$2,451 

$2,650 

$2,227 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 8,487 

 8,646 

 8,558 

 8,559 

 8,842 

 Commercial

 5,784 

 5,848 

 5,714 

 5,554 

 5,762 

 Industrial

 13,162 

 13,209 

 12,770 

 12,348 

 13,140 

 Governmental

 459 

 446 

 441 

 428 

 439 

 Total retail (2)

 27,892 

 28,149 

 27,483 

 26,889 

 28,183 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 2,028 

 2,299 

 2,369 

 2,451 

 1,129 

 Non-associated companies

 205 

 112 

 101 

 109 

 122 

 Total

 30,125 

 30,560 

 29,953 

 29,449 

 29,434 

(2) 2006 billed electric energy sales includes 96 GWh of billings related to 2005 deliveries that were billed in 2006 because of billing delays following Hurricane Katrina, which results in an increase of 402 GWh in 2006, or 1.5% and an increase of 762 in 2007, or 2.8%.

319

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Results of Operations

Net Income

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net income decreased $12.4 million primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expenses, lower other income, and higher depreciation and amortization expenses, partially offset by higher net revenue.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income increased $19.8 million primarily due to higher net revenue, lower other operation and maintenance expenses, higher other income, and lower interest expense, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses.

Net Revenue

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2008 to 2007.

Amount

(In Millions)

2007 net revenue

$486.9 

Attala costs

9.9 

Rider revenue

6.0 

Base revenue

5.1 

Reserve equalization

(2.4)

Net wholesale revenue

(4.0)

Other

 (2.7)

2008 net revenue

$498.8 

 The Attala costs variance is primarily due to an increase in the Attala power plant costs that are recovered through the power management rider. The net income effect of this recovery in limited to a portion representing an allowed return on equity with the remainder offset by Attala power plant costs in other operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation expenses, and taxes other than income taxes. The recovery of Attala power plant costs is discussed further in "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Uses of Capital
" below.

 The rider revenue variance is the result of a storm damage rider that became effective in October 2007. The establishment of this rider results in an increase in rider revenue and a corresponding increase in other operation and maintenance expense for the storm reserve with no effect on net income. 

 The base revenue variance is primarily due to a formula rate plan increase effective July 2007. The formula rate plan filing is discussed further in "State and Local Rate Regulation
" below.

 The reserve equalization variance is primarily due to changes in the Entergy System generation mix compared to the same period in 2007.

320

The net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to lower profit on joint account sales and reduced capacity revenue from the Municipal Energy Agency of Mississippi.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges

Gross operating revenues increased primarily due to an increase of $152.5 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to higher fuel rates, partially offset by a decrease of $43 million in gross wholesale revenues due to a decrease in net generation and purchases in excess of decreased net area demand resulting in less energy available for resale sales coupled with a decrease in system agreement remedy receipts.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses increased primarily due to increases in the average market prices of natural gas and purchased power, partially offset by decreased demand and decreased recovery from customers of deferred fuel costs. 

 Other regulatory charges increased primarily due to increased recovery through the Grand Gulf rider of Grand Gulf capacity costs due to higher rates and increased recovery of costs associated with the power management recovery rider. There is no material effect on net income due to quarterly adjustments to the power management recovery rider.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$466.1 

Base revenue

7.9 

Volume/weather

4.5 

Transmission revenue

4.1 

Transmission equalization

4.0 

Reserve equalization

3.8 

Attala costs

(10.2)

Other

6.7 

2007 net revenue

$486.9 

 The base revenue variance is primarily due to a formula rate plan increase effective July 2007. The formula rate plan filing is discussed further in "State and Local Rate Regulation
" below.

 The volume/weather variance is primarily due to increased electricity usage primarily in the residential and commercial sectors, including the effect of more favorable weather on billed electric sales in 2007 compared to 2006. Billed electricity usage increased 214 GWh. The increase in usage was partially offset by decreased usage in the industrial sector. 

The transmission revenue variance is due to higher rates and the addition of new transmission customers in late 2006.

 The transmission equalization variance is primarily due to a revision made in 2006 of transmission equalization receipts among Entergy companies. 

 The reserve equalization variance is primarily due to a revision in 2006 of reserve equalization payments among Entergy companies due to a FERC ruling regarding the inclusion of interruptible loads in reserve equalization calculations and lower reserve equalization expenses related to changes in the Entergy System generation mix compared to the same period in 2006.

321

 The Attala costs variance is primarily due to a decline in the Attala costs that are recovered through the power management rider. The net income effect of this cost deferral is partially offset by Attala costs in other operation and maintenance expenses, depreciation expense, and taxes other than income taxes. The recovery of Attala costs is discussed further in "Liquidity and Capital Resources - Uses of Capital
" below.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges (credits)

Gross operating revenues decreased primarily due to a decrease of $255.1 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to lower fuel rates, partially offset by higher power management rider revenue of $70.8 million and an increase of $91.3 million in gross wholesale revenue as a result of increased sales to affiliated systems.

 Fuel and purchased power expenses decreased primarily due to decreased recovery of deferred fuel costs from customers and an increase in demand, partially offset by an increase in the market price of natural gas.

 Other regulatory charges increased primarily due to the refunding in 2006, through the power management recovery rider, of gains recorded on gas hedging contracts, in addition to higher Attala costs recovered through the power management recovery rider. There is no material effect on net income due to quarterly adjustments to the power management recovery rider.

Other Income Statement Variances

2008 Compared to 2007

 Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $8.6 million in loss reserves in 2008 compared to 2007, including the effect of the storm damage rider implemented in October 2007;

an increase of $3.5 million in fossil plant expenses due to increased outages, higher plant maintenance costs, and environmental costs;

an increase of $2.8 million in distribution expenses due primarily to the timing of contract work and lower reimbursements; and

an increase of $1.4 million in legal spending due to increased regulatory activity.

The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $5.9 million in payroll, payroll-related, and benefit costs.

 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to an increase in plant in service.

Other income decreased primarily due to decreased interest earned on money pool investments and the gain recorded in 2007 on the sale of non-utility property.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:

a decrease of $6.2 million in loss reserves for storm damage in 2007

;
a decrease of $4.0 million due to the reclassification in 2006 of storm charges from a regulatory asset in accordance with a Joint Stipulation with the MPSC; and 

a decrease of $2.9 million in customer service costs, including a decrease in customer write-offs.

322

The decrease was partially offset by the following:

an increase of $3.4 million in insurance costs as a result of amending coverage in mid-2006, higher premiums, and timing differences in premium payments in 2007 compared to 2006; 

an increase of $3.3 million in transmission spending, including additional costs related to the Independent Coordinator of Transmission and additional costs related to substation maintenance; and

an increase of $3.0 million in vegetation maintenance expenses.

 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to an increase in plant in service.

Other income increased primarily due to the gain recorded on the sale of non-utility property.

 Interest expense decreased primarily due to a decrease in long-term debt outstanding as a result of the redemption of the $100 million 4.35% Series First Mortgage Bonds in January 2007.

Income Taxes 

The effective income tax rates for 2008, 2007, and 2006 were 35.8%, 33.2%, and 35.3%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35.0% to the effective income tax rate.

Hurricane Katrina and Storm Costs Recovery Filing

 In August 2005, Hurricane Katrina hit Entergy Mississippi's service territory causing power outages and significant infrastructure damage to Entergy Mississippi's distribution and transmission systems. Entergy pursued a broad range of initiatives to recover storm restoration and business continuity costs and incremental losses. Initiatives included obtaining assistance through federal legislation for damage caused by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by the FERC and local regulatory bodies, in combination with securitization.

 In March 2006, the Governor of Mississippi signed a law that established a mechanism by which the MPSC could authorize and certify an electric utility financing order and the state could issue bonds to finance the costs of repairing damage caused by Hurricane Katrina to the systems of investor-owned electric utilities.  In June 2006, the MPSC issued an order certifying Entergy Mississippi's Hurricane Katrina restoration costs incurred through March 31, 2006 of $89 million, net of estimated insurance proceeds. Two days later, Entergy Mississippi filed a request with the Mississippi Development Authority for $89 million of Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funding for reimbursement of its Hurricane Katrina infrastructure restoration costs. Entergy Mississippi also filed a Petition for Financing Order with the MPSC for authorization of state bond financing of $169 million for Hurricane Katrina restoration costs and future storm costs. The $169 million amount included the $89 million of Hurricane Katrina restoration costs plus $80 million to build Entergy Mississippi's storm damage reserve for the future. Entergy Mississippi's filing stated that the amount actually financed through the state bonds would be net of any CDBG funds that Entergy Mississippi received.

 In October 2006, the Mississippi Development Authority approved for payment and Entergy Mississippi received $81 million in CDBG funding for Hurricane Katrina costs. The MPSC then issued a financing order authorizing the issuance of state bonds to finance $8 million of Entergy Mississippi's certified Hurricane Katrina restoration costs and $40 million for an increase in Entergy Mississippi's storm damage reserve. $30 million of the storm damage reserve was set aside in a restricted account. A Mississippi state entity issued the bonds in May 2007, and Entergy Mississippi received proceeds of $48 million. Entergy Mississippi does not report the bonds on its balance sheet because the bonds are the obligation of the state entity, and there is no recourse against Entergy Mississippi in the event of a bond default.

323

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow 

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 were as follows:

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$40,582 

$73,417 

$4,523 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

79,916 

169,194 

439,145 

Investing activities

(133,205)

(68,901)

(377,524)

Financing activities

13,789 

(133,128)

7,273 

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(39,500)

(32,835)

68,894 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$1,082 

$40,582 

$73,417 

Operating Activities

 Cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $89.3 million in 2008 primarily due to:

decreased recovery of deferred fuel and purchased power costs;
the receipt of $48 million of securitization proceeds in 2007;
the timing of collections of receivables from customers and payments to vendors; and
an increase of $10.9 million in pension contributions.

The decrease was partially offset by a decrease in income tax payments.

 Cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $270 million in 2007 primarily due to:

decreased recovery of deferred fuel and purchased power costs;
net income tax refunds received in 2006 compared to income tax payments in 2007; and
the receipt of $81 million of Community Development Block Grant funds in 2006.

The decrease was partially offset by securitization proceeds of $48 million received in 2007 and a decrease of $15.6 million in pension contributions.

Investing Activities

 Cash flow used in investing activities increased $64.3 million in 2008 primarily due to the receipt of proceeds in 2007 from funds held in trust in 2006 that were used for the redemption in January 2007, prior to maturity, of $100 million of 4.35% Series First Mortgage Bonds, partially offset by the transfer in 2007 of $30.7 million to the storm damage reserve escrow account and money pool activity.

 Decreases in Entergy Mississippi's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Mississippi's receivable from the money pool decreased by $21 million in 2008. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.

Net cash used in investing activities decreased $308.6 million in 2007 primarily due to:

the receipt of proceeds in 2007 from funds held in trust in 2006 that were used for the redemption in January 2007, prior to maturity, of the $100 million 4.35% Series First Mortgage Bonds;

324

the purchase of the Attala plant for $88 million in January 2006; and

money pool activity.

The decrease was partially offset by the transfer of $30 million to a storm damage reserve escrow account.

Financing Activities

Entergy Mississippi's financing activities provided $13.8 million in cash flow in 2008 compared to using $133.1 million in cash flow in 2007 primarily due to the redemption, prior to maturity, of $100 million of 4.35% Series First Mortgage Bonds in January 2007 and money pool activity, partially offset by an increase of $18 million in common stock dividends paid. 

Increases in Entergy Mississippi's payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Mississippi's payable to the money pool increased by $66 million in 2008. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings. 

Entergy Mississippi's financing activities used $133.1 million of cash in 2007 compared to providing $7.3 million in 2006 primarily due to:

the redemption, prior to maturity, of $100 million of First Mortgage Bonds in January 2007;

the issuance of $100 million of long-term debt in 2006; 

an increase of $25.3 million in common stock dividends paid in 2007; and

money pool activity.

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.

Capital Structure

Entergy Mississippi's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. 

December 31,
 2008

December 31,
2007

Net debt to net capital 

49.5%

48.4%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

0.0%

1.5%

Debt to capital 

49.5%

49.9%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of capital lease obligations and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and shareholders' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy Mississippi uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy Mississippi's financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 Entergy Mississippi requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt and preferred stock maturities;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and 

dividend and interest payments.

325

 Following are the amounts of Entergy Mississippi's planned construction and other capital investments, and existing debt obligations and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments):

2009

2010-2011

2012-2013

After 2013

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1)

$139

$299

N/A

N/A

$438

Long-term debt 

$40

$157

$167

$916

$1,280

Capital lease payments

$2

$4

$3

N/A

$9

Operating leases

$6

$9

$5

$11

$31

Purchase obligations (2)

$167

$328

$319

$1,676

$2,490

(1)

Includes approximately $124 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems, and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy Mississippi, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the Unit Power Sales Agreement, which is discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above, Entergy Mississippi expects to contribute $6.9 million to its pension plans and $6.3 million to other postretirement plans in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Mississippi's pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy Mississippi has $31.7 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

 The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy Mississippi reflects capital required to support existing business and customer growth. Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental compliance, market volatility, economic trends, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

In January 2006, Entergy Mississippi purchased for $88 million the Attala power plant, a 480 MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle generating facility owned by Central Mississippi Generating Company. In November 2005, the MPSC issued an order approving the acquisition of the Attala plant. In December 2005, the MPSC issued an order approving the investment cost recovery through the power management rider and limited the recovery to a period that begins with the closing date of the purchase and ends the earlier of the date costs are incorporated into base rates or December 31, 2006. As a consequence of the events surrounding Entergy Mississippi's ongoing efforts to recover storm restoration costs associated with Hurricane Katrina, in October 2006, the MPSC approved a revision to Entergy Mississippi's power management rider. The revision has the effect of allowing Entergy Mississippi to recover the annual ownership costs of the Attala plant until such time as there has been a resolution of Entergy Mississippi's recovery of its storm restoration costs and a general rate case can be filed. 

 As a wholly-owned subsidiary, Entergy Mississippi dividends its earnings to Entergy Corporation at a percentage determined monthly. Entergy Mississippi's long-term debt indentures restrict the amount of retained earnings available for the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common and preferred stock. As of December 31, 2008, Entergy Mississippi had restricted retained earnings unavailable for distribution to Entergy Corporation of $121.6 million. 

326

Sources of Capital

 Entergy Mississippi's sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt or preferred stock issuances; and

bank financing under new or existing facilities.

 Entergy Mississippi may refinance or redeem debt and preferred stock prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.

 All debt and common and preferred stock issuances by Entergy Mississippi require prior regulatory approval. Preferred stock and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its corporate charter, bond indenture, and other agreements. Entergy Mississippi has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.

Entergy Mississippi has two separate credit facilities in the aggregate amount of $50 million and renewed both facilities through May 2009. Borrowings under the credit facilities may be secured by a security interest in Entergy Mississippi's accounts receivable. No borrowings were outstanding under either credit facility as of December 31, 2008.

 Entergy Mississippi has obtained short-term borrowing authorization from the FERC under which it may borrow through March 31, 2010, up to the aggregate amount, at any one time outstanding, of $175 million. See Note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of Entergy Mississippi's short-term borrowing limits. Entergy Mississippi has also obtained an order from the FERC authorizing long-term securities issuances. The current long-term authorization extends through June 30, 2009. 

 Entergy Mississippi's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2008

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

($66,044)

$20,997

$39,573

($84,066)

In May 2007, $6.6 million of Entergy Mississippi's receivable from the money pool was replaced by a note receivable from Entergy New Orleans. See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. 

State and Local Rate Regulation

 The rates that Entergy Mississippi charges for electricity significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy Mississippi is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. A governmental agency, the MPSC, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.

Formula Rate Plan

 In March 2008, Entergy Mississippi made its annual scheduled formula rate plan filing for the 2007 test year with the MPSC.  The filing showed that a $10.1 million increase in annual electric revenues is warranted. In June 2008, Entergy Mississippi reached a settlement with the Mississippi Public Utilities Staff that would result in a $3.8 million rate increase. In January 2009 the MPSC rejected the settlement and left the current rates in effect. Entergy Mississippi appealed the MPSC's decision to the Mississippi Supreme Court.

327

 In March 2007, Entergy Mississippi made its annual scheduled formula rate plan filing for the 2006 test year with the MPSC.  The filing showed that an increase of $12.9 million in annual electric revenues is warranted.  In June 2007 the MPSC approved a joint stipulation between Entergy Mississippi and the Mississippi Public Utilities staff that provides for a $10.5 million rate increase, which was effective beginning with July 2007 billings.

 In March 2006, Entergy Mississippi made its annual scheduled formula rate plan filing with the MPSC.  The filing was amended by an April 2006 filing.  The amended filing showed that an increase of $3.1 million in electric revenues is warranted.  The MPSC approved a settlement providing for a $1.8 million rate increase, which was implemented in August 2006.

Fuel and Purchased Power Cost Recovery

 In July 2008 the MPSC began a proceeding to investigate the fuel procurement practices and fuel adjustment schedules of the Mississippi utility companies, including Entergy Mississippi. A two-day public hearing was held in July 2008, and after a recess during which the MPSC reviewed information, the hearing resumed on August 5, 2008, for additional testimony by an expert witness retained by the MPSC. The MPSC's witness presented testimony regarding a review of the utilities' fuel adjustment clauses. The MPSC stated that the goal of the proceeding is fact-finding so that the MPSC may decide whether to amend the current fuel cost recovery process. In February 2009, the MPSC published a final report of its expert witness, which discussed Entergy Mississippi's fuel procurement activities and made recommendations regarding fuel recovery practices in Mississippi.

 In addition, in October 2008 the MPSC issued a subpoena to Entergy Mississippi and Entergy Services requesting documents associated with fuel adjustment clause litigation in Louisiana involving Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans, and in January 2009 issued an order requiring Entergy Mississippi to provide additional information related to the long-term Evangeline gas contract that had been an issue in the fuel adjustment clause litigation in Louisiana. Entergy Mississippi and Entergy Services filed a response to the MPSC order stating that gas from the Evangeline gas contract had been sold into the Entergy System exchange and had an effect on the costs paid by Entergy Mississippi's customers. The MPSC's investigation is ongoing.

 In addition, in January 2009 the MPSC issued an order declining to adopt the Public Utilities Staff's annual fuel audit report. Among other things, the order stated that the MPSC will open a rulemaking to define what constitutes efficient and economical procurement and use of energy; establish guidelines for defining what elements constitute a just and reasonable fuel adjustment clause; and establish guidelines for making the required review of fuel adjustment clauses. In the order, the MPSC also requested that the legislature extend the deadline for certification of this annual fuel audit by one year, while it seeks approval to conduct an independent audit and assessment of Entergy Mississippi's practices for economical purchases and use of fuel and electric energy.

Mississippi Attorney General Complaint

 The Mississippi attorney general filed a complaint in state court in December 2008 against Entergy Corporation, Entergy Mississippi, Entergy Services, and Entergy Power alleging, among other things, violations of Mississippi statutes, fraud, and breach of good faith and fair dealing, and requesting an accounting and restitution. The litigation is wide ranging and relates to tariffs and procedures under which Entergy Mississippi purchases power not generated in Mississippi to meet electricity demand. Entergy believes the complaint is unfounded. On December 29, 2008, the defendant Entergy companies filed to remove the attorney general's suit to U.S. District Court (the forum that Entergy believes is appropriate to resolve the types of federal issues raised in the suit), where it is currently pending, and additionally answered the complaint and filed a counter-claim for relief based upon the Mississippi Public Utilities Act and the Federal Power Act. The Mississippi attorney general has filed a pleading seeking to remand the matter to state court.

Power Management Rider

 In November 2005, the MPSC approved the purchase of the 480 MW Attala power plant. In December 2005, the MPSC issued an order approving the investment cost recovery through its power management rider and limited the recovery to a period that begins with the closing

328

 date of the purchase and ends the earlier of the date costs are incorporated into base rates or December 31, 2006. As a consequence of the events surrounding Entergy Mississippi's ongoing efforts to recover storm restoration costs associated with Hurricane Katrina, in October 2006, the MPSC approved a revision to Entergy Mississippi's power management rider. The revision has the effect of allowing Entergy Mississippi to recover the annual ownership costs of the Attala plant until such time as there has been a resolution of Entergy Mississippi's recovery of its storm restoration costs and a general rate case can be filed.

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings 

 See "System Agreement Proceedings" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Interconnection Orders

 See "Interconnection Orders" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Utility Restructuring

The MPSC has recommended not pursuing open access at this time.

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of Entergy Mississippi's financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management
to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments
that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of
operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting
policies and estimates as critical because they are

329

based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high
degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the
assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a
material impact on the presentation of Entergy Mississippi's financial position
or results of operations.

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy Mississippi records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Projected 
Qualified Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$623

$6,463

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$479

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$295

$1,336

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands):

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated 
Postretirement Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$318

$1,694

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$181

$1,903

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy Mississippi in 2008 was $4.8 million. Entergy anticipates 2009 qualified pension cost to be $3.4 million. Entergy Mississippi contributed $11.7 million to its qualified pension plans in 2008 and anticipates that it will contribute $6.9 million in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, continues to evolve, be interpreted through technical corrections bills, and discussed within the industry and congressional lawmakers. Any changes to Pension Protection Act as a result of these discussions and efforts may affect the level of Entergy's pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy Mississippi in 2008 were $5.2 million, including $1.6 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Mississippi expects 2009 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $6.5 million, including $1.6 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Mississippi expects to contribute $6.3 million to its other postretirement plans in 2009.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

330

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Entergy Mississippi, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy Mississippi, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related statements of income, of retained earnings, and of cash flows (pages 332 through 336 and applicable items in pages 65 through 187) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy Mississippi, Inc. as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
February 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 27, 2009

331

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$1,462,182  

$1,372,802  

$1,450,008  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

456,730  

456,346  

586,625  

 Purchased power

468,219  

414,763  

463,015  

 Other operation and maintenance

216,554  

202,952  

206,031  

Taxes other than income taxes

63,807  

62,516  

63,126  

Depreciation and amortization

83,297  

79,470  

75,561  

Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

38,385  

14,810  

(65,714)

TOTAL

1,326,992  

1,230,857  

1,328,644  

OPERATING INCOME

135,190  

141,945  

121,364  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

2,966  

3,900  

3,942  

Interest and dividend income

1,778  

5,572  

6,435  

Miscellaneous - net

(2,047)

1,011  

(2,348)

TOTAL

2,697  

10,483  

8,029  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

41,560  

41,699  

45,555  

Other interest - net

5,328  

5,321  

5,661  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(1,951)

(2,548)

(2,675)

TOTAL

44,937  

44,472  

48,541  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

92,950  

107,956  

80,852  

Income taxes

33,240  

35,850  

28,567  

NET INCOME

59,710  

72,106  

52,285  

Preferred dividend requirements and other

2,828  

2,768  

2,828  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON STOCK

$56,882  

$69,338  

$49,457  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

332

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$59,710  

$72,106  

$52,285  

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Other regulatory charges (credits) - net

 38,385  

 14,810  

 (65,714)

 Depreciation and amortization

 83,297  

 79,470  

 75,561  

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

 32,031  

 (17,123)

 63,964  

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

 (46,490)

 898  

 41,108  

 Fuel inventory

 1,078  

 (2,721)

 (4,558)

 Accounts payable

 3,950  

 (13,379)

 (32,643)

 Taxes accrued

 4,858  

 (9,649)

 12,566  

 Interest accrued

 1,919  

 2,131  

 (588)

 Deferred fuel costs

 (81,607)

 (18,654)

 209,192  

 Other working capital accounts

 43,534  

 (12,432)

 18,241  

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

 (13,307)

 40,228  

 600  

 Changes in other regulatory assets

 (98,387)

 37,381  

 (27,581)

 Changes in pension and other postretirement liabilities

 61,277  

 (7,658)

 25,054  

 Other

 (10,332)

 3,786  

71,658  

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

 79,916  

 169,194  

439,145  

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

 (156,224)

 (156,643)

 (152,193)

Payment for purchase of plant

 -  

 -  

 (88,199)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

 2,966  

 3,900  

 3,942  

Proceeds from sale of assets

 -  

 2,616  

 -  

Change in money pool receivable - net

20,997  

11,974  

(39,573)

Changes in other temporary investments - net

 -  

 100,000  

 (101,501)

Payment to storm reserve escrow account

 (944)

 (30,748)

 -  

Net cash flow used in investing activities

 (133,205)

 (68,901)

(377,524)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt

 28,873  

 -  

 99,167  

Retirement of long-term debt

 (30,000)

 (100,000)

 -  

Change in money pool payable - net

66,044  

-  

(84,066)

Dividends paid:

 Common stock

 (48,300)

 (30,300)

 (5,000)

 Preferred stock

 (2,828)

 (2,828)

 (2,828)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities

 13,789  

 (133,128)

7,273  

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 (39,500)

 (32,835)

68,894  

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

 40,582  

 73,417  

4,523  

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$1,082  

$40,582  

$73,417  

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$42,960  

$42,479  

$49,693  

 Income taxes

$1,055  

$48,914  

($49,158)

See Notes to Financial Statements.

333

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash

$1,072  

$117  

 Temporary cash investment - at cost,

 which approximates market

10  

40,465  

 Total cash and cash equivalents

1,082  

40,582  

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

76,503  

62,052  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(687)

(615)

 Associated companies

29,291  

23,534  

 Other

11,675  

8,234  

 Accrued unbilled revenues

35,451  

33,535  

 Total accounts receivable

152,233  

126,740  

Deferred fuel costs

5,025  

-  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

19,335  

7,686  

Fuel inventory - at average cost

9,288  

10,366  

Materials and supplies - at average cost

31,921  

30,167  

Prepayments and other

6,290  

13,701  

TOTAL

225,174  

229,242  

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Investment in affiliates - at equity

5,615  

5,531  

Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

5,000  

5,140  

Storm reserve escrow account

31,692  

30,748  

Note receivable - Entergy New Orleans

7,610  

7,610  

TOTAL

49,917  

49,029  

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

2,951,636  

2,829,065  

Property under capital lease

7,806  

9,116  

Construction work in progress

81,959  

72,753  

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

3,041,401  

2,910,934  

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

1,058,426  

995,902  

UTILITY PLANT - NET

1,982,975  

1,915,032  

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

23,693  

29,868  

 Other regulatory assets

226,933  

141,717  

Other

19,451  

21,381  

TOTAL

270,077  

192,966  

TOTAL ASSETS

$2,528,143  

$2,386,269  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

334

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

$115,876  

$46,424  

 Other

39,623  

36,104  

Customer deposits

58,517  

55,719  

Taxes accrued

40,896  

36,038  

Interest accrued

17,113  

15,194  

Deferred fuel costs

-  

76,582  

System agreement cost equalization

23,000  

-  

Gas hedge contracts

15,610  

2,273  

Other

5,373  

6,632  

TOTAL

316,008  

274,966  

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

571,193  

535,469  

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

8,605  

9,748  

Obligations under capital lease

6,418  

7,806  

Other regulatory liabilities

22,331  

-  

Asset retirement cost liabilities

4,784  

4,505  

Accumulated provisions

36,957  

50,264  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

118,223  

56,946  

Long-term debt

695,330 

695,266  

Other 

32,656  

44,243  

TOTAL

1,496,497  

1,404,247  

Commitments and Contingencies

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Preferred stock without sinking fund

50,381  

50,381  

Common stock, no par value, authorized 15,000,000

  shares; issued and outstanding 8,666,357 shares in 2008 and 2007

199,326  

199,326  

Capital stock expense and other

(690)

(690)

Retained earnings

466,621  

458,039  

TOTAL

715,638  

707,056  

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

$2,528,143  

$2,386,269  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

335

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

STATEMENTS OF RETAINED EARNINGS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Retained Earnings, January 1

$458,039 

$419,001 

$374,544 

 Add:

 Net income

59,710 

72,106 

52,285 

 Deduct:

 Preferred dividend requirements and other

2,828 

2,768 

2,828 

 Dividends declared on common stock

48,300 

30,300 

5,000 

 Total 

51,128 

33,068 

7,828 

Retained Earnings, December 31

$466,621 

$458,039 

$419,001 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

336

ENTERGY MISSISSIPPI, INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$1,462,182 

$1,372,802 

$1,450,008 

$1,306,543 

$1,213,629 

Net Income

$59,710 

$72,106 

$52,285 

$62,103 

$73,497 

Total assets

$2,528,143 

$2,386,269 

$2,440,891 

$2,311,043 

$2,036,186 

Long-term obligations (1)

$701,748 

$703,072 

$795,187 

$695,157 

$695,125 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt) and noncurrent capital lease obligations.

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$556 

$500 

$568 

$503 

$467 

 Commercial

 482 

 428 

 484 

 421 

 397 

 Industrial

 199 

 185 

 236 

 209 

 204 

 Governmental

 44 

 40 

 45 

 41 

 38 

 Total retail

 1,281 

 1,153 

 1,333 

 1,174 

 1,106 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 93 

 139 

 43 

 62 

 39 

 Non-associated companies

 36 

 33 

 37 

 37 

 30 

 Other

 52 

 48 

 37 

 34 

 39 

 Total

$1,462 

$1,373 

$1,450 

$1,307 

$1,214 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 5,354 

 5,474 

 5,387 

 5,333 

 5,085 

 Commercial

 4,841 

 4,872 

 4,746 

 4,630 

 4,518 

 Industrial

 2,565 

 2,771 

 2,927 

 2,967 

 2,977 

 Governmental

 411 

 421 

 417 

 411 

 398 

 Total retail

 13,171 

 13,538 

 13,477 

 13,341 

 12,978 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 534 

 1,025 

 469 

 516 

 305 

 Non-associated companies

 401 

 468 

 431 

 420 

 393 

 Total

 14,106 

 15,031 

 14,377 

 14,277 

 13,676 

337

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Hurricane Gustav

 In September 2008, Hurricane Gustav caused severe damage to Entergy New Orleans' service territory. The storm resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage to distribution and transmission infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. Total restoration costs for the repair or replacement of Entergy New Orleans' electric facilities damaged by Hurricane Gustav are estimated to be approximately $30 million. Entergy New Orleans is considering all reasonable avenues to recover storm-related costs, including, but not limited to, accessing funded storm reserves; federal and local cost recovery mechanisms, including requests for Community Development Block Grant funding; securitization; and insurance, to the extent deductibles are met. On October 9, 2008, Entergy New Orleans drew all of its $10 million funded storm reserve. Entergy is currently evaluating the amount of the losses covered by insurance for Entergy and each of the affected Utility operating companies. Because most of the Hurricane Gustav damage was to distribution and transmission facilities that are generally not covered by property insurance, Entergy does not expect to meet its deductibles for that storm.

 Entergy New Orleans has recorded the estimated costs incurred, including payments already made, that were necessary to return customers to service. Entergy New Orleans has recorded approximately $18 million as regulatory assets and approximately $14 million in construction expenditures (this includes a small amount for Hurricane Ike damage). Entergy New Orleans recorded the regulatory assets in accordance with its accounting policies and based on the historic treatment of such costs in its service territory, because management believes that recovery through some form of regulatory mechanism is probable. Because Entergy New Orleans has not gone through the regulatory process regarding these storm costs, however, there is an element of risk, and Entergy New Orleans is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success it may have in its recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs that it may ultimately recover, or the timing of such recovery.

Results of Operations

Net Income

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net income increased $10.4 million primarily due to higher net revenue, lower other operation and maintenance expenses, partially offset by lower other income and higher taxes other than income taxes.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income increased $19.2 million primarily due to higher net revenue, higher other income, and lower reorganization item expenses, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher taxes other than income taxes, and higher interest and other charges.

338

Net Revenue

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2008 to 2007.

Amount

(In Millions)

2007 net revenue

$231.0 

Volume/weather

15.5 

Net gas revenue

6.6 

Rider revenue

3.9 

Base revenue

(11.3)

Other

7.0 

2008 net revenue

$252.7 

 The volume/weather variance is due to an increase in electricity usage in the service territory in 2008 compared to the same period in 2007. Entergy New Orleans estimates that approximately 141,000 electric customers and 93,000 gas customers have returned since Hurricane Katrina and are taking service as of December 31, 2008, compared to approximately 132,000 electric customers and 86,000 gas customers as of December 31, 2007. Billed retail electricity usage increased a total of 184 GWh compared to the same period in 2007, an increase of 4%.

 The net gas revenue variance is primarily due to an increase in base rates in March and November 2007. Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the base rate increase.

 The rider revenue variance is due primarily to higher total revenue and a storm reserve rider effective March 2007 as a result of the City Council's approval of a settlement agreement in October 2006. The approved storm reserve has been set to collect $75 million over a ten-year period through the rider and the funds will be held in a restricted escrow account. The settlement agreement is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

 The base revenue variance is primarily due to a base rate recovery credit, effective January 2008. The base rate credit is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

Gross operating revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses

 Gross operating revenues increased primarily due to:

an increase of $58.9 million in gross wholesale revenue due to increased sales to affiliated customers and an increase in the average price of energy available for resale sales;
an increase of $47.7 million in electric fuel cost recovery revenues due to higher fuel rates and increased electricity usage; and
an increase of $22 million in gross gas revenues due to higher fuel recovery revenues and increases in gas base rates in March 2007 and November 2007.

 Fuel and purchased power increased primarily due to increases in the average market prices of natural gas and purchased power in addition to an increase in demand.

339

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$192.2 

Fuel recovery

42.6 

Volume/weather

25.6 

Rider revenue

8.5 

Net wholesale revenue

(41.2)

Other

3.3 

2007 net revenue

$231.0 

 The fuel recovery variance is due to the inclusion of Grand Gulf costs in fuel recoveries effective July 1, 2006. In June 2006, the City Council approved the recovery of Grand Gulf costs through the fuel adjustment clause, without a corresponding change in base rates (a significant portion of Grand Gulf costs was previously recovered through base rates).

 The volume/weather variance is due to an increase in electricity usage in the service territory in 2007 compared to the same period in 2006. The first quarter 2006 was affected by customer losses following Hurricane Katrina. Entergy New Orleans estimates that approximately 132,000 electric customers and 86,000 gas customers have returned and are taking service as of December 31, 2007, compared to approximately 95,000 electric customers and 65,000 gas customers as of December 31, 2006. Billed retail electricity usage increased a total of 540 GWh compared to the same period in 2006, an increase of 14%.

 The rider revenue variance is due primarily to a storm reserve rider effective March 2007 as a result of the City Council's approval of a settlement agreement in October 2006. The approved storm reserve has been set to collect $75 million over a ten-year period through the rider and the funds will be held in a restricted escrow account. The settlement agreement is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

 The net wholesale revenue variance is due to more energy available for resale in 2006 due to the decrease in retail usage caused by customer losses following Hurricane Katrina. In addition, 2006 revenue includes the sales into the wholesale market of Entergy New Orleans' share of the output of Grand Gulf, pursuant to City Council approval of measures proposed by Entergy New Orleans to address the reduction in Entergy New Orleans' retail customer usage caused by Hurricane Katrina and to provide revenue support for the costs of Entergy New Orleans' share of Grand Gulf.

Other Income Statement Variances

2008 Compared to 2007

Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:

a provision for storm-related bad debts of $11 million recorded in 2007; 

a decrease of $6.2 million in legal and professional fees;

a decrease of $3.4 million in employee benefit expenses; and

a decrease of $1.9 million in gas operations spending due to higher labor and material costs for reliability work in 2007.

340

The decrease was partially offset by:

an increase of $3 million due to the accrual of Energy Efficiency and Economic Development Funds;

an increase of $3 million in outside regulatory consultant fees; and

an increase of $2.7 million in loss reserves primarily due to the implementation of the storm reserve rider in March 2007. The storm reserve rider is discussed above under "Net Revenue."

Taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to higher franchise taxes in 2008 as a result of higher revenues.

Other income decreased due to a reduction in the allowance for equity funds used during construction related to a decrease in storm-related construction and lower carrying costs due to the reduction of the Hurricane Katrina storm costs regulatory asset.

2007 Compared to 2006

Other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:

an increase of $13.3 million as a result of the return to normal operations work in 2007 versus storm restoration activities in 2006 as a result of Hurricane Katrina; 

an increase of $11 million due to a provision for storm-related bad debts; and

an increase of $5.6 million in loss reserves due to the implementation of the storm reserve rider in March 2007. The storm reserve rider is discussed above under "Net Revenue".

Taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to lower franchise taxes in 2006 as a result of lower revenues and a reduction in ad valorem tax assessments in 2006.

Reorganization items in 2006 consist primarily of professional fees associated with the bankruptcy case and, pursuant to an agreement with the first mortgage bondholders, the accrual in the fourth quarter 2006 for the plan of reorganization provision that paid the first mortgage bondholders an amount, $12.2 million, equal to the one year of interest from the bankruptcy petition date that the bondholders had waived previously in the bankruptcy proceeding.

Other income increased due to carrying costs related to the Hurricane Katrina storm costs regulatory asset.

Interest and other charges increased primarily due to interest accruals on first mortgage bonds. On September 23, 2006, when the one-year interest moratorium agreed to by the bondholders expired, Entergy New Orleans resumed interest accruals on its outstanding first mortgage bonds. In addition, beginning May 8, 2007, Entergy New Orleans began accruing interest on third-party and affiliate accounts payable as a result of its plan of reorganization filed with the bankruptcy court, as discussed above. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in other interest due to interest recorded on the DIP credit facility in 2006.

Income Taxes

The effective income tax rates for 2008, 2007, and 2006 were 39.7%, 35.5%, and 48.6%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rate.

Hurricane Katrina

 In August 2005, Hurricane Katrina caused catastrophic damage to Entergy New Orleans' service territory, including the effect of extensive flooding that resulted from levee breaks in and around the New Orleans area. The storms and flooding resulted in power outages; significant damage to electric distribution, transmission, and generation and gas infrastructure; and the loss of sales and customers due to mandatory evacuations and the destruction of homes and businesses. Entergy pursued a broad range of initiatives to recover storm restoration and

341

 business continuity costs. Initiatives included obtaining reimbursement of certain costs covered by insurance, obtaining assistance through federal legislation for damage caused by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by the FERC and the City Council.

Community Development Block Grant (CDBG)

 In December 2005, the U.S. Congress passed the Katrina Relief Bill, a hurricane aid package that included CDBG funding (for the states affected by Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, and Wilma) that allowed state and local leaders to fund individual recovery priorities. In March 2007, the City Council certified that Entergy New Orleans incurred $205 million in storm-related costs through December 2006 that are eligible for CDBG funding under the state action plan, and certified Entergy New Orleans' estimated costs of $465 million for its gas system rebuild (which is discussed below). In April 2007, Entergy New Orleans executed an agreement with the Louisiana Office of Community Development (OCD) under which $200 million of CDBG funds will be made available to Entergy New Orleans. Entergy New Orleans has received $180.8 million of the funds as of December 31, 2008. Entergy New Orleans has submitted additional costs and awaits reimbursement in accordance with the contract covering disbursement of the funds.

Insurance Claims

 See Note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of Entergy's conventional property insurance program. Entergy has received a total of $277 million as of December 31, 2008 on its Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita insurance claims, including the settlements of its Hurricane Katrina claims with each of its two excess insurers. Of the $277 million received, $186 million has been allocated to Entergy New Orleans. Entergy currently expects to receive payment for any remaining insurance recovery related to Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita in 2009.

Rate and Storm-related Riders Filings

 See "Formula Rate Plans and Storm-related Riders" below for a discussion of Entergy New Orleans' June 2006 formula rate plan filings and request to implement two storm-related riders filed with the City Council.

Gas System Rebuild

In addition to the Hurricane Katrina storm restoration costs that Entergy New Orleans incurred, Entergy New Orleans expects that over a longer term accelerated rebuilding of the gas system in New Orleans will be necessary due to the massive salt water intrusion into the system caused by the flooding in New Orleans. The salt water intrusion is expected to shorten the life of the gas system, making it necessary to rebuild that system over time, earlier than otherwise would be expected. Entergy New Orleans currently expects the cost to rebuild the gas system to be $465 million, with the project extending many years into the future. To the extent that Entergy New Orleans receives insurance proceeds for future construction expenditures associated with rebuilding its gas system, the October 2006 City Council resolution approving the settlement of Entergy New Orleans' rate and storm-cost recovery filings requires Entergy New Orleans to record those proceeds in a designated sub-account of other deferred credits. This other deferred credit is shown as "Gas system rebuild insurance proceeds" on Entergy New Orleans' balance sheet.

Bankruptcy Proceedings

 As a result of the effects of Hurricane Katrina and the effect of extensive flooding that resulted from levee breaks in and around the New Orleans area, on September 23, 2005, Entergy New Orleans filed a voluntary petition in bankruptcy court seeking reorganization relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. On May 7, 2007, the bankruptcy judge entered an order confirming Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization. With the receipt of CDBG funds, and the agreement on insurance recovery with one of its excess insurers, Entergy New Orleans waived the conditions precedent in its plan of reorganization, and the plan became effective on May 8, 2007. Following are significant terms in Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization:

Entergy New Orleans paid in full, in cash, the allowed third-party prepetition accounts payable (approximately $29 million, including interest). Entergy New Orleans paid interest from September 23, 2005 at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest for 2005 (6%) and 2006 (8%), and at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest (9.5%) plus 1% for 2007 through the date of payment.

342

Entergy New Orleans issued notes due in three years in satisfaction of its affiliate prepetition accounts payable (approximately $74 million, including interest), including its indebtedness to the Entergy System money pool. Entergy New Orleans included in the principal amount of the notes accrued interest from September 23, 2005 at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest for 2005 (6%) and 2006 (8%), and at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest plus 1% for 2007 through the date of issuance of the notes. Entergy New Orleans will pay interest on the notes from their date of issuance at the Louisiana judicial rate of interest plus 1%. The Louisiana judicial rate of interest is 9.5% for 2007, 8.5% for 2008, and 5.5% for 2009.

Entergy New Orleans repaid in full, in cash, the outstanding borrowings under the debtor-in-possession credit agreement between Entergy New Orleans and Entergy Corporation (approximately $67 million).

Entergy New Orleans' first mortgage bonds remain outstanding with their stated maturity dates and interest terms. Pursuant to an agreement with its first mortgage bondholders, Entergy New Orleans paid the first mortgage bondholders an amount equal to the one year of interest from the bankruptcy petition date that the bondholders had waived previously in the bankruptcy proceeding (approximately $12 million).

Entergy New Orleans' preferred stock will remain outstanding on its stated dividend terms, and Entergy New Orleans paid its unpaid preferred dividends in arrears (approximately $1 million).

Litigation claims were generally unaltered, and will generally proceed as if Entergy New Orleans had not filed for bankruptcy protection, with exceptions for certain claims.

Municipalization

 Municipalization is one potential outcome of Entergy New Orleans' recovery effort that may be pursued by a stakeholder or stakeholders. In June 2006, the Louisiana Legislature passed a law that establishes a governance structure for a public power authority, if municipalization of Entergy New Orleans' utility business is pursued. Entergy New Orleans' October 2006 settlement approved by the City Council allowing phased-in rate increases through 2008, discussed in "Formula Rate Plans and Storm-related Riders" below, provides that Entergy New Orleans will work with the City Council to seek an exception to the Stafford Act that will afford Stafford Act protections to Entergy New Orleans if another catastrophic event affects Entergy New Orleans. The Stafford Act provides for restoration funding from the federal government for municipal and cooperative utilities, but does not allow such funding for investor-owned utilities like Entergy New Orleans.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Debtor-in-Possession Credit Facility

On September 26, 2005, Entergy New Orleans, as borrower, and Entergy Corporation, as lender, entered into a debtor-in-possession credit facility to provide funding to Entergy New Orleans during its business restoration efforts. The credit facility provided for up to $200 million in loans. The interest rate on borrowings under the credit facility was the average interest rate of borrowings outstanding under Entergy Corporation's revolving credit facility. With the confirmation of Entergy New Orleans' plan of reorganization in May 2007, Entergy New Orleans repaid to Entergy Corporation, in full, in cash, the $67 million of outstanding borrowings under the debtor-in-possession credit facility.

343

Cash Flow

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 were as follows:

2008

2007

2006

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$92,010 

$17,093 

$48,056 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

87,128 

207,394 

95,430 

Investing activities

(9,777)

(78,441)

(73,050)

Financing activities

(31,917)

(54,036)

(53,343)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

45,434 

74,917 

(30,963)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$137,444 

$92,010 

$17,093 

Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities decreased $120.3 million in 2008 primarily due to the receipt of $180.8 million of CBDG funds in 2007. This decrease was partially offset by a decrease of $43.6 million in pension contributions and the timing of payments to vendors.

Net cash provided by operating activities increased $112.0 million in 2007 primarily due to:

the receipt of CDBG funds of $180.8 million; and

an increase in net income.

These increases were partially offset by the following:

a net tax refund of $57.2 million in 2006 compared to a net tax refund of $3.6 million in 2007;

pension contributions of $44 million in 2007;

Entergy New Orleans' use of cash for the payment of prepetition accounts payable (approximately $29 million, including interest); and

the resumption of interest payments on its first mortgage bonds, and the payment of other bankruptcy-related items.

In the first quarter 2006, Entergy Corporation received an income tax refund as a result of net operating loss carryback provisions contained in the Gulf Opportunity Zone Act of 2005. In accordance with Entergy's intercompany tax allocation agreement, in April 2006, Entergy Corporation distributed $71 million of the refund to Entergy New Orleans. Entergy New Orleans used the income tax refund to repay a portion of the borrowings outstanding under the DIP credit facility.

Investing Activities

 Net cash used in investing activities decreased $68.7 million in 2008 primarily due to an increase in Hurricane Katrina insurance proceeds in 2008 as compared to 2007 and money pool activity, partially offset by proceeds of $10 million related to the sale of a power plant in 2007.

 Increases in Entergy New Orleans' receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and Entergy New Orleans' receivable from the money pool increased by $12.4 million in 2008. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.

344

Net cash used in investing activities increased $5.4 million in 2007 primarily due to money pool activity and additional capital expenditures, partially offset by the receipt in the second quarter 2007 of insurance proceeds related to Hurricane Katrina and proceeds of $10 million received related to the sale in the first quarter 2007 of a power plant that had been out of service since 1984.

Financing Activities

 Net cash used in financing activities decreased $22.1 million primarily due to the repayment of Entergy New Orleans' borrowings under the debtor-in-possession credit facility in 2007, partially offset by the redemption, at maturity, of $30 million of 3.875% Series First Mortgage Bonds in August 2008.

 Net cash used in financing activities increased slightly by $0.7 million in 2007. In 2007, Entergy New Orleans repaid, in full, its borrowings under the debtor-in-possession credit facility. In 2006, Entergy New Orleans had net payments on borrowings under the debtor-in-possession credit facility of $38.1 million and the repayment by setoff in 2006 of its $15 million bank credit facility.

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.

Capital Structure

Entergy New Orleans' capitalization is shown in the following table. The decrease in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to a decrease in debt outstanding and an increase in shareholders' equity resulting from net income in 2008.

December 31,
 2008

December 31,
2007

Net debt to net capital 

37.0%

52.0%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

17.1%

8.9%

Debt to capital 

54.1%

60.9%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of notes payable and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and shareholders' equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy New Orleans uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating Entergy New Orleans' financial condition.

Uses of Capital 

Entergy New Orleans requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and

dividend payments.

Following are the amounts of Entergy New Orleans' planned construction and other capital investments and existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments): 

2009

2010-2011

2012-2013

After 2013

Total 

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1)

$34

$62

N/A

N/A

$96

Long-term debt

$11

$50

$87

$161

$309

Operating leases

$2

$2

$2

$3

$9

Purchase obligations (2)

$166

$300

$247

$1,099

$1,812

345

(1)

Includes approximately $30 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy New Orleans, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the Unit Power Sales Agreement, which is discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above, Entergy New Orleans expects to make payments of approximately $113 million for the years 2009-2011 related to Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Gustav restoration work and its gas rebuild project, of which $32 million is expected to be incurred in 2009. Also, Entergy New Orleans expects to contribute $1.7 million to its pension plan and $5.9 million to its other postretirement plans in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy New Orleans' pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy New Orleans has $26.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

 The planned capital investment estimate for Entergy New Orleans reflects capital required to support existing business. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental compliance, market volatility, economic trends, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in Notes 5 and 6 and to the financial statements.

Sources of Capital 

 Entergy New Orleans' sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds; 

cash on hand; and

debt and preferred stock issuances.

Entergy New Orleans' receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2008

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

$60,093

$47,705

($37,166)

($37,166)

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool. As discussed above in "Bankruptcy Proceedings", Entergy New Orleans issued notes due in three years in satisfaction of its affiliate prepetition accounts payable, including its indebtedness to the Entergy System money pool of $37.2 million. 

Entergy New Orleans has obtained short-term borrowing authorization from the FERC under which it may borrow through March 2010, up to the aggregate amount, at any one time outstanding, of $100 million. See Note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of Entergy New Orleans' short-term borrowing limits. The long-term securities issuances of Entergy New Orleans are limited to amounts authorized by the City Council, and the current authorization extends through August 2010.

346

State and Local Rate Regulation

 The rates that Entergy New Orleans charges for electricity and natural gas significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy New Orleans is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. A governmental agency, the City Council, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers. 

Formula Rate Plans and Storm-related Riders

 In June 2006, Entergy New Orleans made its annual formula rate plan filings with the City Council.  The filings presented various alternatives to reflect the effect of Entergy New Orleans' lost customers and decreased revenue following Hurricane Katrina. The alternative that Entergy New Orleans recommended adjusts for lost customers and assumes that the City Council's June 2006 decision to allow recovery of all Grand Gulf costs through the fuel adjustment clause stays in place during the rate-effective period (a significant portion of Grand Gulf costs was previously recovered through base rates).

 At the same time as it made its formula rate plan filings, Entergy New Orleans also filed with the City Council a request to implement two storm-related riders. With the first rider, Entergy New Orleans sought to recover the electric and gas restoration costs that it had actually spent through March 31, 2006. Entergy New Orleans also proposed semiannual filings to update the rider for additional restoration spending and also to consider the receipt of CDBG funds or insurance proceeds that it may receive. With the second rider, Entergy New Orleans sought to establish a storm reserve to provide for the risk of another storm.

 In October 2006, the City Council approved a settlement agreement that resolved Entergy New Orleans' rate and storm-related rider filings by providing for phased-in rate increases, while taking into account with respect to storm restoration costs the anticipated receipt of CDBG funding as recommended by the Louisiana Recovery Authority. The settlement provided for a 0% increase in electric base rates through December 2007, with a $3.9 million increase implemented in January 2008. Recovery of all Grand Gulf costs through the fuel adjustment clause was continued. Gas base rates increased by $4.75 million in November 2006 and increased by additional $1.5 million in March 2007 and an additional $4.75 million in November 2007. The settlement called for Entergy New Orleans to file a base rate case by July 31, 2008, which it has done as discussed below. The settlement agreement discontinued the formula rate plan and the generation performance-based plan but permits Entergy New Orleans to file an application to seek authority to implement formula rate plan mechanisms no sooner than six months following the effective date of the implementation of the base rates resulting from the July 31, 2008 base rate case. Any storm costs in excess of CDBG funding and insurance proceeds will be addressed in that base rate case. The settlement also authorized a $75 million storm reserve for damage from future storms, which will be created over a ten-year period through a storm reserve rider beginning in March 2007. These storm reserve funds will be held in a restricted escrow account.

 In January 2008, Entergy New Orleans voluntarily implemented a 6.15% base rate credit (the recovery credit) for electric customers, which returned approximately $11.3 million to electric customers in 2008. Entergy New Orleans was able to implement this credit because during 2007 the recovery of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina was occurring faster than expected in 2006 projections. In addition, Entergy New Orleans committed to set aside $2.5 million for an energy efficiency program focused on community education and outreach and weatherization of homes.

On July 31, 2008, Entergy New Orleans filed an electric and gas base rate case with the City Council. The filing requests an 11.75% return on common equity. On November 13, 2008, Entergy New Orleans amended its rate filing to incorporate storm reserve treatment inadvertently omitted from the pro forma test year. The amended filing calls for an $18.2 million electric rate reduction, which includes keeping the recovery credit in effect, as well as realigning recovery of approximately $12.3 million of capacity costs from the fuel adjustment clause to electric base rates. The amended filing also calls for an $8.4 million increase in gas base rates to fund ongoing operations. This request is unrelated to the ongoing rebuild of Entergy New Orleans' natural gas system. On January 16, 2009, the City Council Advisors filed rebuttal testimony calling for rate reductions of approximately $31 million for electric operations and $4.8 million for gas operations. The procedural schedule calls for a hearing on the filing to commence in April 2009 with a decision by the City Council on or before May 15, 2009.

347

 In addition to rate proceedings, Entergy New Orleans' fuel costs recovered from customers are subject to regulatory scrutiny.

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings

 See "System Agreement Proceedings" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Environmental Risks

Entergy New Orleans' facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that Entergy New Orleans is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of Entergy New Orleans' financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of Entergy New Orleans' financial position or results of operations.

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy New Orleans records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month, including fuel price. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period and fuel price fluctuations, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

348

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008 

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Projected
Qualified Benefit

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$267

$2,878

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$216

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$127

$647

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated 
Postretirement Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$215

$1,167

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$104

$1,401

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy New Orleans in 2008 was $1.6 million. Entergy New Orleans anticipates 2009 qualified pension cost to be $1.7 million. There was no required qualified pension plan funding anticipated for Entergy New Orleans in 2008. Entergy New Orleans anticipates a $1.7 million pension contribution in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, continues to evolve, be interpreted through technical corrections bills, and discussed within the industry and congressional lawmakers. Any changes to Pension Protection Act as a result of these discussions and efforts may affect the level of Entergy's pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy New Orleans in 2008 were $5 million, including $1.1 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy New Orleans expects 2009 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $5.9 million, including $1 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy New Orleans expects to contribute $5.9 million to its other postretirement plans in 2009.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

349

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Entergy New Orleans, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Entergy New Orleans, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related statements of income, of retained earnings, and of cash flows (pages 351 through 356 and applicable items in pages 65 through 187) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy New Orleans, Inc. as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
February 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 27, 2009

350

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

 (In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$672,940  

$557,458  

$471,066  

Natural gas

141,443  

119,469  

100,088  

TOTAL

814,383  

676,927  

571,154  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

330,472  

243,470  

157,535  

 Purchased power

227,065  

198,329  

217,212  

 Other operation and maintenance

108,576

114,254

78,856

Taxes other than income taxes

41,641  

38,439  

34,953  

Depreciation and amortization

32,756  

32,287  

31,634  

Reorganization items

-  

-  

26,455  

Other regulatory charges - net

4,114  

4,127  

4,160  

TOTAL

744,624  

630,906  

550,805  

OPERATING INCOME 

69,759  

46,021  

20,349  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

602  

1,736  

3,078  

Interest and dividend income

9,664  

11,583  

4,363  

Miscellaneous - net

(1,432)

(1,057)

(543)

TOTAL

8,834  

12,262  

6,898  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

12,465  

12,978  

4,069  

Other interest - net

8,517  

8,519  

15,260  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(388)

(1,302)

(2,477)

TOTAL

20,594  

20,195  

16,852  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

57,999  

38,088  

10,395  

Income taxes

23,052

13,506

5,051

NET INCOME

34,947  

24,582  

5,344  

Preferred dividend requirements and other

965  

1,126  

1,286  

EARNINGS APPLICABLE TO 

COMMON STOCK

$33,982  

$23,456  

$4,058  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

351

(Page left blank intentionally)

352

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$34,947  

$24,582  

$5,344  

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities:

 Other regulatory charges - net

4,114

4,127

4,160

 Depreciation and amortization

32,756

32,288

31,634

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

3,420

30,642

54,395

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

(7,857)

11,563

6,334

 Fuel inventory

(3,698)

541

3,007

 Accounts payable

5,157

(26,746)

4,313

 Taxes accrued

15,365

2,895

2,086

 Interest accrued

(1,287)

(12,787)

15,336

 Deferred fuel costs

(4,546)

1,715

11,597

 Other working capital accounts

(2,009)

9,473

(1,069)

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

(3,720)

5,944

496

 Changes in other regulatory assets

(35,134)

181,061

(78,899)

 Changes in pension and other postretirement liabilities

33,838

(44,549)

33,984

 Other

15,782

(13,355)

2,712

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

87,128

207,394

95,430

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

(103,298)

(93,676)

(76,128)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

602

1,736

3,078

Insurance proceeds

102,914

56,430

-

Proceeds from the sale of assets

-

10,046

-

Change in money pool receivable - net

(12,389)

(47,705)

-

Changes in other investments - net

2,394

(5,272)

-

Net cash flow used in investing activities

(9,777)

(78,441)

(73,050)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Repayment on DIP credit facility

-

(51,934)

(38,066)

Retirement of long-term debt

(30,952)

(208)

-

Changes in short-term borrowings

-

-

(15,000)

Dividends paid:

 Preferred stock

(965)

(1,894)

(277)

Net cash flow used in financing activities

(31,917)

(54,036)

(53,343)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

45,434

74,917

(30,963)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

92,010

17,093

48,056

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$137,444  

$92,010  

$17,093  

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$21,557  

$24,450  

$3,255  

 Income taxes

$5,821  

($3,571)

($57,193)

See Notes to Financial Statements.

353

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents

 Cash 

$1,119

$119

 Temporary cash investments - at cost

 which approximates market

136,325  

91,891

 Total cash and cash equivalents

137,444

92,010

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

53,934  

45,478

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(1,112)

(4,639)

 Associated companies

70,608  

58,952

 Other

3,270  

9,928

 Accrued unbilled revenues

28,107  

24,842

 Total accounts receivable

154,807

134,561

Deferred fuel costs

21,827  

17,281

Fuel inventory - at average cost

8,198  

4,500

Materials and supplies - at average cost

9,472  

9,007

Prepayments and other

4,483  

2,539

TOTAL

336,231

259,898

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Investment in affiliates - at equity

3,259  

3,259

Non-utility property at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

1,016  

1,016

Other property and investments

2,878  

5,272

TOTAL

7,153

9,547

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

767,327  

745,426

Natural gas

197,231  

201,870

Construction work in progress

22,314  

14,144

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

986,872

961,440

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

542,499  

507,537

UTILITY PLANT - NET

444,373

453,903

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 Other regulatory assets

208,524  

143,726

Other

7,254  

9,121

TOTAL

215,778

152,847

TOTAL ASSETS

$1,003,535  

$876,195  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

354

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Currently maturing long-term debt

 $ -  

$30,000

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

24,523  

27,138  

 Other

39,327  

23,366  

Customer deposits

18,944  

17,803  

Taxes accrued

20,346  

4,981  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

7,387  

1,754  

Interest accrued

3,930  

5,217  

Other

9,203  

9,944  

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES

123,660  

120,203  

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

112,827  

114,729  

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

2,471  

2,809  

SFAS 109 regulatory liability - net

72,046  

73,613  

Other regulatory liabilities

12,040  

9,522  

Asset retirement cost liabilities

2,966  

2,772  

Accumulated provisions

10,609  

14,329  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

49,322  

15,484  

Long-term debt

272,973  

273,912  

Gas system rebuild insurance proceeds

98,418  

36,958  

Other 

14,997  

14,640  

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

648,669  

558,768  

Commitments and Contingencies

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Preferred stock without sinking fund

19,780  

19,780  

Common stock, $4 par value, authorized 10,000,000

  shares; issued and outstanding 8,435,900 shares in 2008

  and 2007

33,744  

33,744  

Paid-in capital

36,294  

36,294  

Retained earnings

141,388  

107,406  

TOTAL

231,206  

197,224  

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

$1,003,535  

$876,195  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

355

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

STATEMENTS OF RETAINED EARNINGS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Retained Earnings, January 1

$107,406 

$83,950 

$79,892 

 Add:

 Net income

34,947 

24,582 

5,344 

 Deduct:

 Dividends declared on preferred stock

965 

1,126 

1,286 

Retained Earnings, December 31

$141,388 

$107,406 

$83,950 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

356

ENTERGY NEW ORLEANS, INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$814,383 

$676,927 

$571,154 

$673,326 

$735,868 

Net Income

$34,947 

$24,582 

$5,344 

$1,250 

$28,072 

Total assets

$1,003,535 

$876,195 

$921,151 

$1,120,121 

$662,774 

Long-term obligations (1)

$272,973 

$273,912 

$229,875 

$229,859 

$199,902 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt). 

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$172 

$142 

$106 

$150 

$184 

 Commercial

 194 

 181 

 165 

 145 

 171 

 Industrial

 48 

 47 

 45 

 32 

 34 

 Governmental

 79 

 72 

 59 

 59 

 70 

 Total retail

 493 

 442 

 375 

 386 

 459 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 161 

 103 

 46 

 117 

 118 

 Non-associated companies

 2 

 1 

 45 

 21 

 2 

 Other

 17 

 11 

 5 

 12 

 9 

 Total

$673 

$557 

$471 

$536 

$588 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 1,394 

 1,221 

 914 

 1,616 

 2,139 

 Commercial

 1,774 

 1,763 

 1,666 

 1,798 

 2,316 

 Industrial

 541 

 568 

 547 

 498 

 575 

 Governmental

 774 

 747 

 632 

 800 

 1,025 

 Total retail

 4,483 

 4,299 

 3,759 

 4,712 

 6,055 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 1,336 

 995 

 519 

 1,705 

 1,514 

 Non-associated companies

 25 

 15 

 779 

 336 

 25 

 Total

 5,844 

 5,309 

 5,057 

 6,753 

 7,594 

357

ENTERGY TEXAS, INC.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Jurisdictional Separation of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. into Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas 

 Effective December 31, 2007, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. completed a jurisdictional separation into two vertically integrated utility companies, one operating under the sole retail jurisdiction of the PUCT, Entergy Texas, and the other operating under the sole retail jurisdiction of the LPSC, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. Management believes that the jurisdictional separation will better align Entergy Gulf States, Inc.'s Louisiana and Texas operations to serve customers in those states and to operate consistent with state-specific regulatory requirements as the utility regulatory environments in those jurisdictions evolve. The jurisdictional separation provides for regulation of each separated company by a single retail regulator, which should reduce regulatory complexity.

Entergy Texas now owns all Entergy Gulf States, Inc. distribution and transmission assets located in Texas, the gas-fired generating plants located in Texas, undivided 42.5% ownership shares of Entergy Gulf States, Inc.'s 70% ownership interest in Nelson 6 and 42% ownership interest in Big Cajun 2, Unit 3, which are coal-fired generating plants located in Louisiana, and other assets and contract rights to the extent related to utility operations in Texas. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana now owns all of the remaining assets that were owned by Entergy Gulf States, Inc.  On a book value basis, approximately 58.1% of the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. assets were allocated to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and approximately 41.9% were allocated to Entergy Texas.  

Entergy Gulf States Louisiana remains primarily liable for all of the long-term debt issued by Entergy Gulf States, Inc. that was outstanding on December 31, 2007. Under a debt assumption agreement with Entergy Gulf States Louisiana, Entergy Texas assumed its pro rata share of this long-term debt, which was $1.079 billion, or approximately 46%. The pro rata share of the long-term debt assumed by Entergy Texas was determined by first determining the net assets for each company on a book value basis, and then calculating a debt assumption ratio that resulted in the common equity ratios for each company being approximately the same as the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. common equity ratio immediately prior to the jurisdictional separation. Entergy Texas' debt assumption does not discharge Entergy Gulf States Louisiana's liability for the long-term debt. To secure its debt assumption obligations, Entergy Texas granted to Entergy Gulf States Louisiana a first lien on Entergy Texas' assets that were previously subject to the Entergy Gulf States, Inc. mortgage. Entergy Texas has until December 31, 2010 to repay the assumed debt, of which $770 million remained outstanding at December 31, 2008. In addition, Entergy Texas, as the owner of Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding I, LLC ("EGSRF I"), will report the $329.5 million of senior secured transition bonds ("securitization bonds") issued by EGSRF I as long-term debt on its consolidated balance sheet. The securitization bonds are non-recourse to Entergy Texas.

Entergy Texas will purchase from Entergy Gulf States Louisiana pursuant to a life-of-unit PPA a 42.5% share of capacity and energy from the 70% of River Bend subject to retail regulation. Entergy Texas was allocated a share of River Bend's nuclear and environmental liabilities that is identical to the share of the plant's output purchased by Entergy Texas under the PPA. Entergy Gulf States Louisiana will purchase a 57.5% share of capacity and energy from the gas-fired generating plants owned by Entergy Texas, and Entergy Texas will purchase a 42.5% share of capacity and energy from the gas-fired generating plants owned by Entergy Gulf States Louisiana. The PPAs associated with the gas-fired generating plants will terminate when retail open access commences in Entergy Texas' jurisdiction or when the unit(s) is no longer dispatched by the Entergy System. If Entergy Texas implements retail open access, it will terminate its participation in the System Agreement, except for the portion of the System Agreement related to transmission equalization. The dispatch and operation of the generating plants will not change as a result of the jurisdictional separation.

 Pursuant to the LPSC order approving the jurisdictional separation plan, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana has made two compliance filings in 2008. On March 31, 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its jurisdictional separation plan balance sheet compliance filing with the LPSC. On June 11, 2008, Entergy Gulf States Louisiana made its revenue and expense compliance filing. Although formal approval of the

358

 PUCT was not required for implementation of the jurisdictional separation, Entergy Texas sought input from the PUCT and kept the PUCT informed of the status of the separation.

 Because the jurisdictional separation was a transaction involving entities under common control, Entergy Texas recognized the assets and liabilities allocated to it at their carrying amounts in the accounts of Entergy Gulf States, Inc. at the time of the jurisdictional separation. Entergy Texas' financial statements report results of operations for 2007 as though the jurisdictional separation had occurred at the beginning of 2007, and presents its 2007 balance sheet and other financial information as of the beginning of 2007 as though the assets and liabilities had been allocated at that date.  Financial statements and financial information presented for prior periods have also been presented on that basis to furnish comparative information.

Hurricane Ike

 In September 2008, Hurricane Ike caused catastrophic damage to Entergy Texas' service territory. The storm resulted in widespread power outages, significant damage to distribution, transmission, and generation infrastructure, and the loss of sales during the power outages. Total restoration costs for the repair and/or replacement of Entergy Texas' electric facilities damaged by Hurricane Ike are estimated to be in the range of $585 million to $605 million, including a small amount for Hurricane Gustav damage. Entergy Texas is considering all reasonable avenues to recover storm-related costs, including, but not limited to, federal and local cost recovery mechanisms, including requests for Community Development Block Grant funding; securitization; and insurance, to the extent deductibles are met. Entergy Texas expects to initiate its storm cost recovery proceedings in the spring of 2009, because new securitization legislation is required for it to securitize its Hurricane Ike restoration costs. The Texas legislative session began in January 2009. Entergy is currently evaluating the amount of the losses covered by insurance for Entergy and each of the affected Utility operating companies. Because most of its Hurricane Gustav damage was to distribution and transmission facilities that are generally not covered by property insurance, Entergy does not expect to meet its deductibles for that storm. Because Hurricane Ike caused more damage by flooding and also caused more damage to generation facilities as compared to Hurricane Gustav, it is more likely that Entergy will meet its deductibles for that storm.

 Entergy Texas has recorded the estimated costs incurred, including payments already made, that were necessary to return customers to service. Entergy Texas has recorded approximately $358 million as regulatory assets and approximately $179 million in construction expenditures. Entergy Texas recorded the regulatory assets in accordance with its accounting policies and based on historic treatment of such costs in its service territory, because management believes that recovery through some form of regulatory mechanism is probable. Because Entergy Texas has not gone through the regulatory process regarding these storm costs, however, there is an element of risk, and Entergy Texas is unable to predict with certainty the degree of success it may have in its recovery initiatives, the amount of restoration costs that ultimately recover, or the timing of such recovery.

Results of Operations

Net Income

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net income decreased $1 million primarily due to higher depreciation and amortization expenses and lower other income, partially offset by lower interest and other charges and a lower effective income tax rate.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income increased $4.8 million primarily due to higher net revenue partially offset by lower other income, higher interest and other charges, and a higher effective income tax rate.

359

Net Revenue

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2008 to 2007.

Amount 

(In Millions)

2007 net revenue

$442.3 

Volume/weather

(4.6)

Reserve equalization

(3.3)

Securitization transition charge

9.1 

Fuel recovery

7.5 

Other

(10.1)

2008 net revenue

$440.9 

 The volume/weather variance is primarily due to decreased usage during the unbilled sales period. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

 The reserve equalization variance is primarily due to lower reserve equalization revenue related to changes in the Entergy System generation mix compared to the same period in 2007.

 The securitization transition charge variance is primarily due to the issuance of securitization bonds. In June 2007, Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding I, a company wholly-owned and consolidated by Entergy Texas, issued securitization bonds and with the proceeds purchased from Entergy Texas the transition property, which is the right to recover from customers through a transition charge amounts sufficient to service the securitization bonds. See Note 5 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the securitization bonds.

 The fuel recovery variance is primarily due to a reserve for potential rate refunds made in the first quarter 2007 as a result of a PUCT ruling related to the application of past PUCT rulings addressing transition to competition in Texas.

 The Other variance is primarily caused by various operational effects of the jurisdictional separation on revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges

 Gross operating revenues increased $229.3 million primarily due to the following reasons:

an increase of $157 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to higher fuel rates and increased usage, partially offset by interim fuel refunds to customers for fuel cost recovery over-collections through November 2007. The refund was distributed over a two-month period beginning February 2008. The interim refund and the PUCT approval is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements;

an increase of $37.1 million in affiliated wholesale revenue primarily due to increases in the cost of energy;

an increase in transition charge amounts collected from customers to service the securitization bonds as discussed above. See Note 5 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the securitization bonds; and

implementation of an interim surcharge to collect $10.3 million in under-recovered incremental purchased capacity costs incurred through July 2007. The surcharge was collected over a two-month period beginning February 2008. The incremental capacity recovery rider and PUCT approval is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

360

 Fuel and purchased power expenses increased primarily due to an increase in power purchases as a result of the purchased power agreements between Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and Entergy Texas and an increase in the average market prices of purchased power and natural gas, substantially offset by a decrease in deferred fuel expense as a result of decreased recovery from customers of fuel costs.

 Other regulatory charges increased primarily due to an increase of $6.9 million in the recovery of bond expenses related to the securitization bonds. The recovery became effective July 2007. See Note 5 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the securitization bonds.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2) purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. Following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2007 to 2006.

Amount 

(In Millions)

2006 net revenue

$403.3 

Purchased power capacity

13.1 

Securitization transition charge

9.9 

Volume/weather

9.7 

Transmission revenue

6.1 

Base revenue

2.6 

Other

(2.4)

2007 net revenue

$442.3 

 The purchased power capacity variance is due to changes in the purchased power capacity costs included in the calculation in 2007 compared to 2006 used to bill generation costs between Entergy Texas and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana.

 The securitization transition charge variance is due to the issuance of securitization bonds. As discussed above, in June 2007, EGSRF I, a company wholly-owned and consolidated by Entergy Texas, issued securitization bonds and with the proceeds purchased from Entergy Texas the transition property, which is the right to recover from customers through a transition charge amounts sufficient to service the securitization bonds. See Note 5 to the financial statements herein for details of the securitization bond issuance.

 The volume/weather variance is due to increased electricity usage on billed retail sales, including the effects of more favorable weather in 2007 compared to the same period in 2006. The increase is also due to an increase in usage during the unbilled sales period. Retail electricity usage increased a total of 139 GWh in all sectors. See "Critical Accounting Estimates
" below and Note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of the accounting for unbilled revenues.

 The transmission revenue variance is due to an increase in rates effective June 2007 and new transmission customers in late 2006.

 The base revenue variance is due to the transition to competition rider that began in March 2006. Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate increase.

Gross operating revenues, fuel and purchased power expenses, and other regulatory charges

 Gross operating revenues decreased primarily due to a decrease of $179 million in fuel cost recovery revenues due to lower fuel rates and fuel refunds. The decrease was partially offset by the $39 million increase in net revenue described above and an increase of $44 million in wholesale revenues, including $30 million from the System Agreement cost equalization payments from Entergy Arkansas. The receipt of such payments is being refunded to customers by crediting deferred fuel costs and reducing fuel rates ultimately charged to customers. As a result, the System Agreement cost equalization receipt and refund to customers have no effect on net income. 

361

 Fuel and purchased power expenses decreased primarily due to a decrease in deferred fuel expense due to lower fuel rates.

 Other regulatory charges increased primarily due to the recovery of $10.4 million of bond expenses related to the bond securitization, as discussed above. The recovery became effective in July 2007. See Note 5 to the financial statements herein for details of the securitization bond issuance.

Other Income Statement Variances

2008 Compared to 2007

Other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:

a decrease of $4.7 million in transmission spending primarily due to lower transmission equalization expenses;

a decrease of $3.9 million in plant maintenance costs; and

a decrease of $3.6 million in customer service support costs, including a decrease in customer account write-offs.

The decrease was partially offset by an increase of $7.3 million due to the write-off of certain disallowed costs resulting from the December 2008 rate case settlement agreement filed with the PUCT and an increase of $1.7 in payroll and payroll-related costs. The rate case settlement agreement is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

Depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to an increase in plant in service.

 Other income decreased primarily due to the absence of carrying charges on storm restoration costs that were approved by the PUCT in the fourth quarter 2006 and a decrease in interest earned on money pool investments. In June 2007, Entergy Gulf States Reconstruction Funding I, LLC issued securitization bonds and the carrying charges ended. The PUCT approval of carrying charges, the securitization filing and the approval for the recovery of reconstruction costs are discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements. The decrease was partially offset by an increase in taxes collected on advances for transmission projects which is offset in income tax expense.

Interest and other charges decreased primarily due to the absence of interest recorded on advances from independent power producers per a FERC order during the first quarter 2007 and a decrease in first mortgage bonds outstanding under the debt assumption agreement. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in interest charges recorded on the securitization bonds which were issued during the second quarter 2007. See Note 5 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the securitization bonds.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Other income decreased primarily due to:

a credit of $3.3 million recorded during 2006 as a result of Entergy Texas going from a market-based rate authority to a cost-based rate authority for the wholesale business, which resulted in reinstating the application of regulatory accounting principles to that business; and

a gain of $2 million on the disposition of property in 2006.

 Interest and other charges increased primarily due to the increase in long-term debt outstanding as a result of the issuance of securitization bonds during the second quarter 2007 in addition to higher interest on deferred fuel costs. See Note 5 to the financial statements herein for details of the securitization bond issuance.

362

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates were 32.7%, 38.1%, and 33.5% for 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rate.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow 

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 were as follows:

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$297,082 

$77,115 

$9,383 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

764 

175,991 

326,659 

Investing activities

(116,887)

(234,716)

(166,488)

Financing activities

(178,720)

278,692  

(92,439)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(294,843)

219,967 

67,732 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$2,239 

$297,082 

$77,115 

Operating Activities

Net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $175.2 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily due to Hurricane Ike restoration spending, decreased recovery of deferred fuel costs, and an increase of $9.9 million in pension contributions, partially offset by the timing of collections of receivables from customers and payments to vendors. The decreased fuel recovery was primarily caused by the $71 million fuel cost over-recovery refund that is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, in addition to the over-recovery of fuel costs for the year ended December 31, 2007 compared to under-recovering for the year ended December 31, 2008. Fuel prices increased and due to the time lag before the fuel recovery rate increases in response, Entergy Texas has under-recovered fuel costs in 2008.

Cash flow from operations decreased $150.7 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to:

income tax refunds of $21 million received in 2006, as discussed below, compared to $1.9 million received in 2007; 

the increased collection of deferred fuel costs in 2006, as discussed below, along with a $109.4 million fuel cost over-recovery refund made to customers over a two-month period beginning in July 2007. Entergy Texas' fuel cost recovery mechanisms and proceedings are discussed more thoroughly in Note 2 to the financial statements; and

the timing of collections of receivables from customers and payments to vendors compared to 2006.

Investing Activities

 Net cash used in investing activities decreased $117.8 million in 2008 compared to 2007 primarily due to money pool activity, partially offset by an increase in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to Hurricane Ike. 

 Decreases in Entergy Texas' receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Texas' receivable from the money pool decreased by $154.2 million for 2008 compared to increasing by $56.9 million for 2007. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries need for external short-term borrowings.

363

 Net cash used in investing activities increased $68.2 million in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to money pool activity. The increase was partially offset by a decrease of $50.4 million in construction expenditures due to storm-related spending in 2006. Hurricane Rita caused increased construction spending for Entergy Texas in both 2005 and 2006.

Increases in Entergy Texas' receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, while a decrease in the receivable is a source of cash flow, and Entergy Texas' receivable from the money pool increased by $56.9 million in 2007 compared to decreasing by $39.3 million in 2006.

Financing Activities 

 Financing activities used cash of $178.7 million for 2008 compared to providing cash of $278.7 million for 2007 primarily due to:

the issuance of $329.5 million of securitization bonds in June 2007. See Note 5 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the securitization bonds;

the retirement of $327.5 million of long-term debt in 2008; and 

$150 million of capital returned to Entergy Corporation in February 2008. After the effects of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, Entergy Corporation made a $300 million capital contribution to Entergy Gulf States, Inc. in 2005, which was part of Entergy's financing plan that provided liquidity and capital resources to Entergy and its subsidiaries while storm restoration cost recovery was pursued.

The use of cash was partially offset by:

borrowing $160 million from Entergy Corporation in December 2008 as discussed below;

borrowings of $100 million on Entergy Texas' credit facility; and

money pool activity.

 Increases in Entergy Texas' payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and Entergy Texas' payable to the money pool increased by $50.8 million for 2008. The money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce Entergy's subsidiaries need for external short-term borrowings.

 Financing activities provided cash of $278.7 million in 2007 compared to using cash of $92.4 million in 2006 primarily due to the issuance of $329.5 million of securitization bonds in 2007. The securitization bonds were issued as a means of recovering hurricane reconstruction costs. See Note 5 to the financial statements for details of the securitization bond issuance.

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.

Capital Structure

Entergy Texas' capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.

December 31,
 2008

December 31,
 2007

Net debt to net capital 

59.9%

52.6%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

0.0%

5.9%

Debt to capital 

59.9%

58.5%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents.
Debt consists of notes payable, capital lease obligations, preferred stock with
sinking fund, and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion.
Capital consists of debt and shareholders' equity. Net capital consists of

364

capital less cash and cash equivalents. Entergy Texas uses
the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and
believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in
evaluating Entergy Texas' financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 Entergy Texas requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt maturities, including payments under the debt assumption agreement with Entergy Gulf States Louisiana;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and

dividend and interest payments.

Following are the amounts of Entergy Texas' planned construction and other capital investments, existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments), and other purchase obligations: 

2009

2010-2011

2012-2013

after 2013

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment (1) 

$118

$254

N/A

N/A

$372

Long-term debt

$162

$747

$211

$325

$1,445

Operating leases

$5

$9

$7

$3

$24

Purchase obligations (2)

$210

$443

$221

$-

$874

(1)

Includes approximately $92 million annually for maintenance capital, which is planned spending on routine capital projects that are necessary to support reliability of service, equipment or systems and to support normal customer growth.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For Entergy Texas, it primarily includes unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above, Entergy Texas expects to spend approximately $59 million related to Hurricane Ike restoration work in 2009-2010. Also, Entergy Texas expects to contribute $4.1 million to its pension plans and $7.7 million to other postretirement plans in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of Entergy Texas' pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, Entergy Texas has $39.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

The planned construction and capital investments given above do not include the potentially significant costs associated with the ultimate decision on Entergy Texas' qualified power region proceeding that is discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements.

 Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. The estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints, environmental compliance, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, and the ability to access capital. Management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.

 As a wholly-owned subsidiary, Entergy Texas pays dividends to Entergy Corporation from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly. Entergy Texas' long-term debt indentures contain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends or other distributions on its common stock. Currently, all of Entergy Texas' retained earnings are available for distribution.

365

Sources of Capital 

 Entergy Texas' sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt or preferred stock issuances; and

bank financing under new or existing facilities.

 Entergy Texas may refinance or redeem debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.

All debt and common and preferred stock issuances by Entergy Texas require prior regulatory approval. Preferred stock and debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its corporate charter, bond indentures, and other agreements. Entergy Texas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs. Entergy Gulf States, Inc. filed with the FERC an application, on behalf of Entergy Texas, for authority to issue up to $200 million of short-term debt, up to $300 million of tax-exempt bonds, and up to $1.3 billion of other long-term securities, including common and preferred or preference stock and long-term debt. On November 8, 2007, the FERC issued orders granting the requested authority for a two-year period ending November 8, 2009.

Entergy Texas' receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years:

2008

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

($50,794)

$154,176

$97,277

$136,545

See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.

Entergy Texas has a credit facility in the amount of $100 million scheduled to expire in August 2012. As of December 31, 2008, $100 million was outstanding on the credit facility.

In February 2009, Entergy Texas repaid its credit facility with the proceeds from the bond issuance discussed below.

 On June 2, 2008 and December 8, 2008, under the terms of the debt assumption agreement between Entergy Texas and Entergy Gulf States Louisiana that is discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements, Entergy Texas paid at maturity $148.8 million and $160.3 million, respectively, of Entergy Gulf States Louisiana first mortgage bonds, which results in a corresponding decrease in Entergy Texas' debt assumption liability.

 In December 2008, Entergy Texas borrowed $160 million from its parent company, Entergy Corporation, under a $300 million revolving credit facility pursuant to an Inter-Company Credit Agreement between Entergy Corporation and Entergy Texas. This borrowing would have matured on December 3, 2013. Entergy Texas used these borrowings, together with other available corporate funds, to pay at maturity the portion of the $350 million Floating Rate series of First Mortgage Bonds due December 2008 that had been assumed by Entergy Texas, and that bond series is no longer outstanding. In January 2009, Entergy Texas repaid its $160 million note payable to Entergy Corporation with the proceeds from the bond issuance discussed below. 

 In January 2009, Entergy Texas issued $500 million of 7.125% Series Mortgage Bonds due February 2019. Entergy Texas used a portion of the proceeds to repay its $160 million note payable to Entergy Corporation, to repay the $100 million outstanding on its credit facility, and to repay short-term borrowings under the Entergy System money pool. Entergy Texas intends to use the remaining proceeds to repay on or prior to maturity approximately $70 million of obligations that had been assumed by Entergy Texas under the debt assumption agreement with Entergy Gulf States Louisiana and for other general corporate purposes.

366

Hurricane Rita

 In September 2005, Hurricane Rita hit Entergy Texas' service territory. The storm resulted in power outages; significant damage to electric distribution, transmission, and generation infrastructure; and the temporary loss of sales and customers due to mandatory evacuations. Entergy Texas is pursuing a range of initiatives to recover storm restoration and business continuity costs and incremental losses. Initiatives include obtaining reimbursement of certain costs covered by insurance and pursuing recovery through existing or new rate mechanisms regulated by the FERC and local regulatory bodies, in combination with securitization.

Insurance Claims

 See Note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of Entergy's conventional property insurance program. Entergy has received a total of $277 million as of December 31, 2008 on its Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita insurance claims, including the settlements of its Hurricane Katrina claims with each of its two excess insurers. Of the $277 million received, $24 million has been allocated to Entergy Texas. Entergy currently expects to receive payment for any remaining insurance recovery related to Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita in 2009.

Storm Costs Recovery Filings with Retail Regulators

 In July 2006, Entergy Texas filed an application with the PUCT with respect to its Hurricane Rita reconstruction costs incurred through March 2006. The filing asked the PUCT to determine the amount of reasonable and necessary hurricane reconstruction costs eligible for securitization and recovery, approve the recovery of carrying costs, and approve the manner in which Entergy Texas allocates those costs among its retail customer classes. In December 2006, the PUCT approved $381 million of reasonable and necessary hurricane reconstruction costs incurred through March 31, 2006, plus carrying costs, as eligible for recovery. After netting expected insurance proceeds, the amount is $353 million.

 In April 2007, the PUCT issued its financing order authorizing the issuance of securitization bonds to recover the $353 million of hurricane reconstruction costs and up to $6 million of transaction costs, offset by $32 million of related deferred income tax benefits. In June 2007, EGSRF I, a company wholly-owned and consolidated by Entergy Texas, issued $329.5 million of senior secured transition bonds (securitization bonds). With the proceeds, EGSRF I purchased from Entergy Texas the transition property, which is the right to recover from customers through a transition charge amounts sufficient to service the securitization bonds. Entergy Texas began cost recovery through the transition charge in July 2007, and the transition charge is expected to remain in place over a 15-year period. Entergy Texas will use the proceeds to refinance or retire debt and to reduce equity. In February 2008, Entergy Texas returned $150 million of capital to Entergy Corporation. See Note 5 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the securitization bonds.

Transition to Retail Competition in Texas

 In June 2005, a Texas law was enacted which provides that:

Entergy Gulf States, Inc. was authorized by law to proceed with a jurisdictional separation into two vertically integrated utilities, one subject to the sole retail jurisdiction of the LPSC and one subject to the sole retail jurisdiction of the PUCT;

the portions of all prior PUCT orders requiring Entergy Texas to comply with any provisions of Texas law governing transition to retail competition are void;

Entergy Texas had to file a plan by January 1, 2006, identifying the power region(s) to be considered for certification and the steps and schedule to achieve certification (additional discussion below);

Entergy Texas had to file a transition to competition plan no later than January 1, 2007 (additional discussion below), that addressed how Entergy Texas intended to mitigate market power and achieve full customer choice, including potential construction of additional transmission facilities, generation auctions, generation capacity divestiture, reinstatement of a customer choice pilot project, establishment of a price to beat, and other measures;

Entergy Texas' rates are subject to cost-of-service regulation until retail customer choice is implemented;

367

Entergy Texas could not file a general base rate case before June 30, 2007, with rates to be effective no earlier than June 30, 2008, but could seek before then the recovery of certain incremental purchased power capacity costs, adjusted for load growth, not in excess of five percent of its annual base rate revenues (as discussed below, in December 2005 Entergy Texas implemented a PUCT-approved annual incremental purchased capacity recovery rider); and

Entergy Texas may recover over a period not to exceed 15 years reasonable and necessary transition to competition costs incurred before the effective date of the legislation and not previously recovered, with appropriate carrying charges (as discussed below, in March 2006, Entergy Texas implemented PUCT-approved rates for recovery of its transition to competition costs).

 Entergy Texas made the January 2006 filing regarding the identification of power region(s) required by the 2005 legislation and, based on the statutory requirements for the certification of a qualified power region (QPR), previous PUCT rulings, and Entergy Texas' geographical location, Entergy Texas identified three potential power regions:

Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) as the power region and Independent Organization (IO);

Southwest Power Pool (SPP) as the power region and IO; and

the Entergy market as the power region and the Independent Coordinator of Transmission (ICT) as the IO.

Based on previous rulings of the PUCT, and absent reconsideration of those rulings, Entergy Texas indicated that the third alternative, an ICT operating in Entergy's market area, is not likely to be a viable QPR alternative at this time. Accordingly, while noting this alternative, Entergy Texas' January 2006 filing focused on the first two alternatives, which were expected to meet the statutory requirements for certification so long as certain key implementation issues could be resolved. Entergy Texas' filing enumerated and discussed the corresponding steps and included a high-level schedule associated with certifying either of these two power regions.

 In the January 2006 filing, Entergy Texas did not make a recommendation between ERCOT and the SPP as a power region. Rather, the filing discussed the major issues that must be resolved for either of those alternatives to be implemented. In the case of ERCOT, the major issue was the cost and time related to the construction of facilities to interconnect Entergy Texas' operations with ERCOT, while addressing the interest of Entergy Texas' retail customers and certain wholesale customers in access to generation outside of Texas. With respect to the SPP, the major issue was the development of protocols that would ultimately be necessary to implement retail open access. Entergy Texas recommended that the PUCT open a project for the purpose of involving stakeholders in the selection of the single power region that Entergy Texas should request for certification. In August 2006, the PUCT staff recommended that Entergy Texas be required to provide additional information on both the ERCOT option and the SPP option. The PUCT accepted the PUCT staff's recommendation and stated the need for a "robust record" to make a decision on the applicable power region.

 As required by the June 2005 legislation, Entergy Texas filed its proposed transition to competition plan in December 2006. The plan provided that to achieve full customer choice, Entergy Texas should join ERCOT because ERCOT already has all of the prerequisites for retail choice. Pursuant to PUCT order, in June 2007 Entergy Texas filed a restatement of the plan, in which Entergy Texas requested that the PUCT approve a "Financial Stability Provision" that was designed to ensure that Entergy Texas' proposed integration with ERCOT will not, during the necessary construction period, cause deterioration of its credit quality and financial strength. The June 2007 filing also proposed a rule making process to implement the Financial Stability Provision and to consider the construction and ownership of necessary ERCOT integration facilities by third parties. The filing also eliminated from the plan certain provisions whereby Entergy Texas had the ability in its sole discretion to cease pursuit of the plan. Under Entergy Texas' plan as of the summer 2007, retail open access could commence as early as 2013, although that is unlikely given the PUCT's decision described below. Entergy Texas' plan included an estimate that direct construction costs for facilities to interconnect Entergy Texas' operations with ERCOT could be approximately $1 billion. PUCT hearings on Entergy Texas' plan were completed in July 2007. In October 2007, the PUCT abated the proceeding to allow the SPP to develop additional information about the costs and benefits of Entergy Texas joining the SPP similar to information presented regarding Entergy Texas joining ERCOT. In a November 2007 order clarifying its order that abated the docket, the PUCT approved the SPP's work plan and ordered Entergy Texas to provide an updated analysis of the costs and benefits of remaining in the SERC Reliability Corporation. In May 2008, the PUCT also issued an order that required ERCOT to update its 2006 study regarding the cost to integrate Entergy Texas into ERCOT.

368

 In December 2008, Entergy Texas, ERCOT and SPP filed their updated studies with the PUCT and, at the PUCT's January 14, 2009, Open Meeting, briefed the PUCT on these studies. The PUCT then directed Entergy Texas to file, on February 27, 2009, an updated transition to competition plan. The purpose of this updated plan would be to take into account the studies filed in December 2008 and thereby update the Entergy Texas transition to competition plan. On
February 26, 2009, however, ERCOT filed a letter with the PUCT stating that it had discovered errors in its December 2008 study and, therefore, it would need to revise and re-file its study at a later date. An accurate study from ERCOT is essential to the completion of Entergy Texas' updated transition to competition plan. Based on this development, Entergy Texas, on February 26, 2009, filed a motion to postpone the February 27 updated plan filing date, noting that the updated plan relies in significant part on ERCOT's study.

 In December 2006, the PUCT asked for parties to brief the effects of the 2005 legislation on the competition dockets of Entergy Texas, most notably, the settlement that the parties entered with respect to the unbundling of Entergy Texas for retail open access. Finding that the 2005 legislation now provides the mechanism by which Entergy Texas will transition to competition, the PUCT, on February 1, 2007, dismissed Entergy Texas' unbundled cost of service proceeding. After analyzing the PUCT's decision, Entergy Texas recorded a provision for its estimated exposure related to certain past fuel cost recoveries that may be credited to customers.

State and Local Rate Regulation

 The rates that Texas charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. Entergy Texas is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. The PUCT, a governmental agency, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.

Filings with the PUCT

 Entergy Texas made a rate filing in September 2007 with the PUCT requesting an annual rate increase totaling $107.5 million, including a base rate increase of $64.3 million and riders totaling $43.2 million. The base rate increase request includes a $12.2 million annual increase for the storm damage reserve. Entergy Texas requested an 11% return on common equity. In December 2007 the PUCT issued an order setting September 26, 2008 (which it subsequently moved to November 27, 2008) as the effective date for the rate change proposed in this matter. In May 2008, Entergy Texas and certain parties in the rate case filed a non-unanimous settlement, but on November 5, 2008, the PUCT rejected the non-unanimous settlement and remanded the case for further hearings on the merits of the rate request. Entergy Texas agreed to extend until March 16, 2009 the PUCT's jurisdictional deadline to render a decision. 

 On December 16, 2008, Entergy Texas filed a term sheet that reflected a settlement agreement that included the PUCT Staff and the other active participants in the rate case. On December 19, 2008, the ALJs approved Entergy Texas' request to implement interim rates reflecting the agreement. The agreement includes a $46.7 million base rate increase, among other provisions. Under the ALJs' interim order, Entergy Texas implemented interim rates, subject to refund and surcharge, reflecting the rates established through the settlement. These rates became effective with bills rendered on and after January 28, 2009, for usage on and after December 19, 2008. In addition, the existing recovery mechanism for incremental purchased power capacity costs ceased as of January 28, 2009, with purchased power capacity costs then subsumed within the base rates set in this proceeding. The settlement is subject to review and approval by the PUCT; however, the interim rates will be in effect until such time as the PUCT acts. Certain Texas municipalities have exercised their original jurisdiction and taken final action to approve rates consistent with the interim rates approved by the ALJs. 

369

Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT in July 2005 a request for implementation of an incremental purchased capacity recovery rider. Through this rider Entergy Texas sought to recover incremental revenues that represent the incremental purchased capacity costs, including Entergy Texas' obligation to purchase power from Entergy Louisiana's recently acquired Perryville plant, over what is already in Entergy Texas' base rates. A non-unanimous settlement was reached with most of the parties that allowed for the implementation of an $18 million annual rider effective December 1, 2005. In December 2005, the PUCT approved the settlement and entered an order consistent with this approval in February 2006. The amounts collected through the rider are subject to reconciliation.

 In September 2007, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a request to increase its incremental purchased capacity recovery rider to collect approximately $25 million on an annual basis. This filing also included a request to implement an interim surcharge to collect approximately $10 million in under-recovered incremental purchased capacity costs incurred through July 2007. In January 2008, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a stipulation and settlement agreement among the parties that agreed to implementation of the interim surcharge over a two-month period and agreed that the incremental capacity recovery rider would be set to collect $21 million on an annual basis effective February 2008. The PUCT approved the agreement in February 2008. Amounts collected through the rider and interim surcharge are subject to final reconciliation. Under the rate case settlement discussed above, this rider ceased on January 28, 2009, with the implementation of stipulated base rates.

 In October 2007, Entergy Texas filed a request with the PUCT to refund $45.6 million, including interest, of fuel cost recovery over-collections through September 2007. In January 2008, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a stipulation and settlement agreement among the parties that updated the over-collection balance through November 2007 and established a refund amount, including interest, of $71 million. The PUCT approved the agreement in February 2008. The refund was made over a two-month period beginning February 2008, but was reduced by $10.3 million of under-recovered incremental purchased capacity costs. Amounts refunded through the interim fuel refund are subject to final reconciliation in a future fuel reconciliation proceeding.

 In March 2007, Entergy Texas filed a request with the PUCT to refund $78.5 million, including interest, of fuel cost recovery over-collections through January 2007. In June 2007 the PUCT approved a unanimous stipulation and settlement agreement that updated the over-collection balance through April 2007 and established a refund amount, including interest, of $109.4 million. The refund was made over a two-month period beginning with the first billing cycle in July 2007. Amounts refunded through the interim fuel refund are subject to final reconciliation in a future fuel reconciliation proceeding.

 In May 2006, Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT a fuel and purchased power reconciliation case covering the period September 2003 through December 2005 for costs recoverable through the fixed fuel factor rate and the incremental purchased capacity recovery rider. Entergy Texas sought reconciliation of $1.6 billion of fuel and purchased power costs on a Texas retail basis. A hearing was conducted before the ALJs in April 2007. In July 2007, the ALJs issued a proposal for decision recommending that Entergy Texas be authorized to reconcile all of its requested fixed fuel factor expenses and recommending a minor exception to the incremental purchased capacity recovery calculation. The ALJs also recommended granting an exception to the PUCT rules to allow for recovery of an additional $11.4 million in purchased power capacity costs. In September 2007, the PUCT issued an order, which affirmed the ultimate result of the ALJs' proposal for decision. Upon motions for rehearing, the PUCT added additional language in its order on rehearing to further clarify its position that 30% of River Bend should not be regulated by the PUCT. Two parties filed a second motion for rehearing, but the PUCT declined to address them. The PUCT's decision has been appealed to the Travis County District Court.

 In January 2008, Entergy Texas made a compliance filing with the PUCT describing how its 2007 Rough Production Cost Equalization receipts under the System Agreement were allocated between Entergy Gulf States, Inc.'s Texas and Louisiana jurisdictions. A hearing was held at the end of July 2008, and in October 2008 the ALJ issued a proposal for decision recommending an additional $18.6 million allocation to Texas retail customers. The PUCT adopted the ALJ's proposal for decision in December 2008. Because the PUCT allocation to Texas retail customers is inconsistent with the LPSC allocation to Louisiana retail customers, adoption of the proposal for decision by the PUCT could result in trapped costs between the Texas and Louisiana jurisdictions with no mechanism for recovery. The PUCT denied Entergy Texas' motion for rehearing and Entergy Texas will now seek alternative relief, including filing for relief at the FERC.

370

 In August 2005, consistent with the June 2005 Texas legislation discussed above under "Transition to Retail Competition,
" Entergy Texas filed with the PUCT an application for recovery of its transition to competition costs. Entergy Texas requested recovery of $189 million in transition to competition costs through implementation of a 15-year rider to be effective no later than March 1, 2006. The $189 million represents transition to competition costs Entergy Texas incurred from June 1, 1999 through June 17, 2005 in preparing for competition in its Texas service area, including attendant AFUDC, and all carrying costs projected to be incurred on the transition to competition costs through February 28, 2006. The $189 million is before any gross-up for taxes or carrying costs over the 15-year recovery period. Entergy Texas reached a unanimous settlement agreement, which the PUCT approved in June 2006, on all issues with the active parties in the transition to competition cost recovery case. The agreement allows Entergy Texas to recover $14.5 million per year in transition to competition costs over a 15-year period. Entergy Texas implemented rates based on this revenue level on March 1, 2006. The formal settlement agreement was approved by the PUCT in June 2006.

Federal Regulation

System Agreement Proceedings

See "System Agreement Proceedings" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the proceeding at the FERC involving the System Agreement and of other related proceedings.

Transmission

 See "Independent Coordinator of Transmission" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Interconnection Orders

 See "Interconnection Orders" in Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.

Industrial and Commercial 

 Entergy Texas' large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. In particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of Entergy Texas' industrial customer base. Entergy Texas responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. Entergy Texas actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers. Entergy Texas does not currently expect additional significant losses to cogeneration because of the current economics of the electricity markets and Entergy Texas' marketing efforts in retaining industrial customers.

Environmental Risks

 Entergy Texas' facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that Entergy Texas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of Entergy Texas' financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that
can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of
operations, and cash flows. Management has identified the following accounting
policies and estimates as critical because they are

371

based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high
degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions
and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect
on the presentation of Entergy Texas' financial position or results of
operations.

Application of SFAS 71

The application of SFAS 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation," has a significant and pervasive impact on accounting and reporting for Entergy Texas. 

 Entergy Texas' financial statements primarily reflect assets and costs based on existing cost-based ratemaking regulation in accordance with SFAS 71, "Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation." Under traditional ratemaking practice, Entergy Texas is granted a geographic franchise to sell electricity. In return, Entergy Texas must make investments and incur obligations to serve customers. Prudently incurred costs are recovered from customers along with a return on investment. Regulators may require Entergy Texas to defer collecting from customers some operating costs until a future date. These deferred costs are recorded as regulatory assets in the financial statements. In order to continue applying SFAS 71 to its financial statements, Entergy Texas' rates must be set on a cost-of-service basis by an authorized body and the rates must be charged to and collected from customers.

 If the generation portion of a utility company moves toward competition, it is possible that generation rates will no longer be set on a cost-of-service basis. If that occurs, the generation portion of the business could be required to discontinue application of SFAS 71. The result of discontinuing application of SFAS 71 would be the removal of regulatory assets and liabilities from the balance sheet, and could include the recording of asset impairments. This result is because some of the costs or commitments incurred under a regulated pricing system might be impaired or not recovered in a competitive market. These costs are referred to as stranded costs. 

Unbilled Revenue 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, Entergy Texas records an estimate of the revenues earned for energy delivered since the latest customer billing. Each month the estimated unbilled revenue amounts are recorded as revenue and a receivable, and the prior month's estimate is reversed. The difference between the estimate of the unbilled receivable at the beginning of the period and the end of the period is the amount of unbilled revenue recognized during the period. The estimate recorded is primarily based upon an estimate of customer usage during the unbilled period and the billed price to customers in that month. Therefore, revenue recognized may be affected by the estimated price and usage at the beginning and end of each period and fuel price fluctuations, in addition to changes in certain components of the calculation. 

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

372

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008 

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Qualified
 Projected 

Benefit Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$606

$6,460

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$594

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$288

$1,283

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated 
Postretirement Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$414

$2,258

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$249

$2,593

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for Entergy Texas in 2008 was $0.2 million. Entergy Texas anticipates 2009 qualified pension income to be $ 0.8 million. Entergy Texas contributed $18.9 million to its qualified pension plans in 2008. Entergy Texas' contributions to the pension trust are currently estimated to be $4.1 million in 2009.  Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, continues to evolve, be interpreted through technical corrections bills, and discussed within the industry and congressional lawmakers. Any changes to Pension Protection Act as a result of these discussions and efforts may affect the level of Entergy's pension contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for Entergy Texas in 2008 were $2.6 million, including $1 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Gulf States expects 2009 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $5.7 million, including $1 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. Entergy Texas expects to contribute $7.7 million to its other postretirement plans in 2009. 

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries' Management's Discussion and Analysis for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

373

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholder
Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related consolidated statements of income; of retained earnings, comprehensive income, and paid-in capital; and of cash flows (pages 375 through 380 and applicable items in pages 65 through 187) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Entergy Texas, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

As discussed in Note 1 to the respective financial statements, effective December 31, 2007, Entergy Gulf States, Inc. completed a jurisdictional separation and contributed certain assets and liabilities to the Company.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
February 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 27, 2009

374

ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$2,012,258  

$1,782,923  

$1,880,228  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

581,696  

546,413  

728,561  

 Purchased power

965,426  

777,419  

742,937  

 Other operation and maintenance

176,096  

179,119  

176,793

Decommissioning

184  

173  

164  

Taxes other than income taxes

53,615  

50,617  

50,437  

Depreciation and amortization

75,125  

68,172  

67,582  

Other regulatory charges - net

24,197  

16,808  

5,480  

TOTAL

1,876,339  

1,638,721  

1,771,954  

OPERATING INCOME

135,919  

144,202  

108,274  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

3,928  

3,295  

6,526  

Interest and dividend income

11,736  

31,397  

29,986  

Miscellaneous - net

12,387  

(600)

3,293  

TOTAL

28,051  

34,092  

39,805  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

72,441  

74,343  

63,745  

Other interest - net

7,756  

10,907  

6,734  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(2,240)

(2,126)

(3,862)

TOTAL

77,957  

83,124  

66,617  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

86,013  

95,170  

81,462  

Income taxes

28,118  

36,249  

27,325

NET INCOME

$57,895 

$58,921 

$54,137 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

375

(Page left blank intentionally)

376

ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$57,895  

$58,921  

$54,137  

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Reserve for regulatory adjustments

 (7,562)

 (363)

 (8,565)

 Other regulatory charges - net

 24,197  

 16,808  

 5,480  

 Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning

 75,309  

 68,345  

 67,746  

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

 (255)

 218,873  

 52,784  

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

 (35,081)

 (230,481)

 4,949  

 Fuel inventory

 (1,867)

 (10,939)

 (4,390)

 Accounts payable

 104,912  

 (1,328)

 (115,601)

 Taxes accrued

 33,842  

 4,936  

 10,817  

 Interest accrued

 (5,947)

 10,030  

 (73)

 Deferred fuel costs

 (88,449)

 21,619  

 251,138  

 Other working capital accounts

 121,081  

 86,598  

 4,487  

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

 4,073  

 (568)

 637  

 Changes in other regulatory assets

 (268,473)

 (21,038)

 (112,069)

 Changes in pension and other postretirement liabilities

 76,898  

 (6,901)

 21,319  

 Other

 (89,809)

 (38,521)

 93,863  

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

764  

175,991  

326,659  

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

 (283,622)

 (167,083)

 (217,478)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

 3,928  

 3,295  

 6,526  

Insurance proceeds

 1,420  

 5,244  

 5,196  

Change in money pool receivable - net

 154,176  

 (56,899)

 39,268  

Collections received from (remitted to) transition charge account

7,211  

(19,273)

-  

Net cash flow used in investing activities

 (116,887)

 (234,716)

 (166,488)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt

 -  

 323,637  

 -  

Return of capital to parent

 (150,000)

 -  

 -  

Retirement of long-term debt

 (327,514)

 (2,541)

 -  

Changes in money pool payable - net

 50,794  

 -  

 -  

Loan from Entergy Corporation

 160,000  

 -  

 -  

Changes in credit borrowings - net

 100,000  

 -  

 -  

Dividends paid:

 Common stock

 (12,000)

 (42,404)

 (92,439)

Net cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities

 (178,720)

 278,692  

 (92,439)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

 (294,843)

 219,967  

 67,732  

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

 297,082  

 77,115  

 9,383  

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

 $2,239  

 $297,082  

 $77,115

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid/(received) during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

 $82,635  

 $70,561  

 $65,909  

 Income taxes

$762  

($1,930)

($20,961)

See Notes to Financial Statements.

377

ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash

$2,201  

$10  

 Temporary cash investments - at cost,

 which approximates market

38  

297,072  

 Total cash and cash equivalents

2,239  

297,082  

Securitization recovery trust account

12,062  

19,273  

Accounts receivable:

 Customer 

82,583  

61,108  

 Allowance for doubtful accounts

(1,001)

(918)

 Associated companies

258,629  

377,478  

 Other

14,122  

35,048  

 Accrued unbilled revenues

30,262  

30,974  

 Total accounts receivable

384,595  

503,690  

Deferred fuel costs

21,179  

-  

Accumulated deferred income taxes

88,611  

24,507  

Fuel inventory - at average cost

57,645  

55,778  

Materials and supplies - at average cost

36,329  

31,454  

Prepayments and other

12,785  

14,756  

TOTAL

615,445  

946,540  

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Investments in affiliates - at equity

845  

863  

Non-utility property - at cost (less accumulated depreciation)

1,788  

2,030  

Other

17,451  

16,514  

TOTAL

20,084  

19,407  

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

2,912,972  

2,817,681  

Construction work in progress

221,387  

71,519  

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

3,134,359  

2,889,200  

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

1,104,116  

1,043,183  

UTILITY PLANT - NET

2,030,243  

1,846,017  

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

84,997  

87,531  

 Other regulatory assets

1,117,257  

645,941  

Long-term receivables

559  

1,284  

Other

116,186  

60,032  

TOTAL

1,318,999  

794,788  

TOTAL ASSETS

$3,984,771  

$3,606,752  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

378

ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Currently maturing portion of debt assumption liability

$100,509  

$309,123  

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

144,662  

40,120  

 Other

342,449  

80,917  

Customer deposits

40,589  

37,962  

Taxes accrued

49,595  

15,753  

Interest accrued

22,102  

28,049  

Deferred fuel costs

-  

67,270  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

1,269  

1,236  

System agreement cost equalization

214,315  

92,225  

Other

4,551  

5,316  

TOTAL

920,041  

677,971  

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

756,996  

697,693  

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

24,128  

25,724  

Other regulatory liabilities

-  

4,881  

Asset retirement cost liabilities

3,250  

3,066  

Accumulated provisions

12,936  

8,863  

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

91,316  

14,418  

Note payable to Entergy Corporation

160,000  

-  

Long-term debt - assumption liability

669,462  

769,971  

Other long-term debt

414,906  

333,892  

Other 

31,587  

66,019  

TOTAL

2,164,581  

1,924,527  

Commitments and Contingencies

SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

Common stock, no par value, authorized 200,000,000 shares;

  issued and outstanding 46,525,000 shares in 2008 and 2007

49,452  

49,452  

Paid-in capital

481,994  

631,994  

Retained earnings

368,703  

322,808  

TOTAL

900,149  

1,004,254  

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

$3,984,771  

$3,606,752  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

379

ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF RETAINED EARNINGS, COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, AND PAID-IN CAPITAL

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

RETAINED EARNINGS

Retained Earnings - Beginning of period

$322,808 

$306,266 

$351,981 

 Add:

 Net Income 

 57,895 

$57,895 

 58,921 

$58,921 

 54,137 

$54,137 

 Total

 57,895 

 58,921 

 54,137 

 Deduct:

 Dividends declared on common stock

12,000 

42,404 

92,439 

 Other deductions

- 

(25)

7,413 

 Total

12,000 

42,379 

99,852 

Retained Earnings - End of period

$368,703 

$322,808 

$306,266 

ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 

INCOME (LOSS) (Net of Taxes):

Balance at beginning of period:

 Other accumulated comprehensive income (loss) items

 $ - 

 $ - 

($1,439)

 Total

 $ - 

 $ - 

($1,439)

Minimum pension liability (net of tax expense of $0, $0, and $138)

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,439 

1,439 

Balance at end of period:

 Other accumulated comprehensive income (loss) items

- 

- 

 - 

 Total

 $ - 

 $ - 

 $ - 

Comprehensive Income

$57,895 

$58,921 

$55,576 

PAID-IN CAPITAL

Paid-in Capital - Beginning of period

$631,994 

$632,222 

$632,222 

 Add (Deduct):

 Return of capital to parent

 (150,000)

 - 

 - 

 Other

 - 

 (228)

 - 

Paid-in Capital - End of period

$481,994 

$631,994 

$632,222 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

380

ENTERGY TEXAS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$2,012,258 

$1,782,923 

$1,880,228 

$1,734,221 

$1,582,140 

Net Income

$57,895 

$58,921 

$54,137 

$48,916 

$51,136 

Total assets

$3,984,771 

$3,606,752 

$3,019,873 

$3,041,100 

$2,419,786 

Long-term obligations (1)

$1,084,368 

$1,103,863 

$1,085,680 

$1,085,593 

$870,975 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(Dollars In Millions)

Electric Operating Revenues:

 Residential

$606 

$544 

$600 

$502 

$469 

 Commercial

 417 

 364 

 406 

 327 

 303 

 Industrial

 489 

 414 

 464 

 388 

 406 

 Governmental

 27 

 24 

 27 

 22 

 20 

 Total retail

1,539 

1,346 

1,497 

1,239 

1,198 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 436 

 398 

 354 

 468 

 361 

 Non-associated companies

 6 

 6 

 6 

 6 

 5 

 Other

 31 

 33 

 23 

 21 

 18 

 Total

$2,012 

$1,783 

$1,880 

$1,734 

$1,582 

Billed Electric Energy Sales (GWh):

 Residential

 5,245 

 5,280 

 5,211 

 5,207 

 5,126 

 Commercial

 4,092 

 4,085 

 4,002 

 3,878 

 3,816 

 Industrial

 5,948 

 5,911 

 5,915 

 5,650 

 6,839 

 Governmental

 248 

 246 

 255 

 244 

 245 

 Total retail

 15,533 

 15,522 

 15,383 

 14,979 

 16,026 

 Sales for resale:

 Associated companies

 3,771 

 4,366 

 4,316 

 4,994 

 3,903 

 Non-associated companies

 87 

 89 

 87 

 89 

 99 

 Total

 19,391 

 19,977 

 19,786 

 20,062 

 20,028 

381

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

MANAGEMENT'S FINANCIAL DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

System Energy's principal asset currently consists of a 90% ownership and leasehold interest in Grand Gulf. The capacity and energy from its 90% interest is sold under the Unit Power Sales Agreement to its only four customers, Entergy Arkansas, Entergy Louisiana, Entergy Mississippi, and Entergy New Orleans. System Energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% interest in Grand Gulf pursuant to the Unit Power Sales Agreement. Payments under the Unit Power Sales Agreement are System Energy's only source of operating revenues.

Results of Operations

Net Income

2008 Compared to 2007

 Net income decreased $45.0 million primarily due to an increase in the effective tax rate, a decrease in rate base in 2008 that resulted in lower operating income, and lower interest income. The lower interest income resulted from a decrease in interest earned on money pool investments and from $2.5 million in interest income recorded on an IRS audit settlement in 2007.

2007 Compared to 2006

 Net income decreased $4.2 million primarily due to a decrease in rate base in 2007 resulting in lower operating income partially offset by higher interest income. The higher interest income resulted from $2.5 million in interest income recorded on an IRS audit settlement and higher interest income earned on decommissioning trust funds.

Income Taxes

 The effective income tax rates for 2008, 2007, and 2006 were 39.5%, 25.0%, and 28.0%, respectively. See Note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35.0% to the effective income tax rate.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash Flow 

 Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006 were as follows:

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

$105,005 

$135,012 

$75,704 

Cash flow provided by (used in):

Operating activities

218,538 

221,901 

128,059 

Investing activities

(96,954)

(96,955)

130,738 

Financing activities

(123,801)

(154,953)

(199,489)

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(2,217)

(30,007)

59,308 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$102,788 

$105,005 

$135,012 

382

Operating Activities

 Cash flow from operations decreased by $3.4 million in 2008 primarily due to lower net income substantially offset by a decrease of $30.7 million in income tax payments.

 Cash flow from operations increased by $93.8 million in 2007 primarily due to a decrease of $107.7 million in income tax payments. 

Investing Activities

Investing activities used $97 million in cash flow in 2007 compared to providing $130.7 million in 2006 primarily due to money pool activity as well as initial development spending on potential new nuclear development at the Grand Gulf and River Bend sites, as discussed below. 

Financing Activities 

 Net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $31.2 million in 2008 primarily due to a decrease of $34 million in common stock dividends paid. 

 Net cash flow used in financing activities decreased $44.5 million in 2007 primarily due to a decrease of $45.4 million in common stock dividends paid. 

 See Note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.

Capital Structure

System Energy's capitalization is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. 

December 31,
 2008

December 31,
2007

Net debt to net capital 

48.2%

47.4%

Effect of subtracting cash from debt

3.0%

3.2%

Debt to capital 

51.2%

50.6%

Net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. Debt consists of capital lease obligations and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. Capital consists of debt and common shareholder's equity. Net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. System Energy uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating System Energy's financial condition.

Uses of Capital

 System Energy requires capital resources for:

construction and other capital investments;

debt maturities;

working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel costs; and

dividend and interest payments.

383

Following are the amounts of System Energy's planned construction and other capital investments, existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments), and other purchase obligations: 

2009

2010-2011

2012-2013

After 2013

Total

(In Millions)

Planned construction and

   capital investment

$135

$275

N/A

N/A

$410

Long-term debt 

$76

$155

$222

$736

$1,189

Nuclear fuel lease obligations (1)

$38

$88

N/A

N/A

$126

Purchase obligations (2)

$-

$17

$20

$66

$103

(1)

It is expected that additional financing under the lease will be arranged as needed to acquire additional fuel, to pay interest, and to pay maturing debt. If such additional financing cannot be arranged, however, System Energy must repurchase sufficient nuclear fuel to allow the lessor to meet its obligations.

(2)

Purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services. For System Energy, it includes nuclear fuel purchase obligations.

In addition to the contractual obligations given above, System Energy expects to contribute $5.8 million to its pension plans and $3.0 million to its other postretirement plans in 2009. Guidance pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules, effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, may affect the level of System Energy's pension contributions in the future. Also in addition to the contractual obligations, System Energy has $172.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.

The planned capital investment estimate for System Energy reflects capital required to support the existing business of System Energy and for a potential approximately 178 MW uprate of the Grand Gulf nuclear plant that is currently estimated to cost System Energy $247 million for the 2009-2011 period. The planned construction and capital investment amounts given above also include initial development costs for potential new nuclear development at the Grand Gulf and River Bend sites, including licensing and design activities. This project is in the early stages, and several issues remain to be addressed over time before significant additional capital would be committed to this project. In addition, Entergy is temporarily suspending reviews of the two license applications for the sites and will explore alternative nuclear technologies for this project. As of December 31, 2008, $95.6 million in construction work in progress is recorded on System Energy's balance sheet related to this project. Entergy's Utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. Opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above.

 As a wholly-owned subsidiary, System Energy dividends its earnings to Entergy Corporation at a percentage determined monthly. Currently, all of System Energy's retained earnings are available for distribution.

Sources of Capital 

 System Energy's sources to meet its capital requirements include:

internally generated funds;

cash on hand;

debt issuances; and

bank financing under new or existing facilities.

 System Energy had three-year letters of credit in
place that were scheduled to expire in March 2003 securing certain of its
obligations related to the sale-leaseback of a portion of Grand Gulf. System
Energy replaced the letters of credit before their expiration with new
three-year letters of credit totaling approximately $198 million that were
backed by cash collateral. In December 2003, System Energy replaced the

384

 cash-backed letters of credit with syndicated bank
letters of credit. In December 2004, System Energy amended these letters of
credit and they now expire in May 2009. 

 System Energy may refinance or redeem debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest and dividend rates are favorable.

All debt and common stock issuances by System Energy require prior regulatory approval. Debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements. System Energy has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.

System Energy has obtained a short-term borrowing authorization from the FERC under which it may borrow, through March 31, 2010, up to the aggregate amount, at any one time outstanding, of $200 million. See Note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of System Energy's short-term borrowing limits. System Energy has also obtained an order from the FERC authorizing long-term securities issuances. The current long-term authorization extends through June 2009. 

 System Energy's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of December 31 for each of the following years

:

2008

2007

2006

2005

(In Thousands)

$42,915

$53,620

$88,231

$277,287

In May 2007, $22.5 million of System Energy's receivable from the money pool was replaced by a note receivable from Entergy New Orleans. See Note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.

Nuclear Matters

System Energy owns and operates Grand Gulf. System Energy is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. These include risks from the use, storage, handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials, regulatory requirement changes, including changes resulting from events at other plants, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear operations, and technological and financial uncertainties related to decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives, including the sufficiency of funds in decommissioning trusts. In the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of Grand Gulf, System Energy may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.

Environmental Risks

 System Energy's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. Management believes that System Energy is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations. Because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of System Energy's financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that
can have a significant effect on reported financial position,

385

results of operations, and cash flows. Management has
identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because
they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of
uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions
and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact
on the presentation of System Energy's financial position or results of
operations.

Nuclear Decommissioning Costs 

See "Nuclear Decommissioning Costs" in the "
Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.

Qualified Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits

Entergy sponsors qualified defined benefit pension plans which cover substantially all employees. Additionally, Entergy currently provides postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for substantially all employees who reach retirement age while still working for Entergy. Entergy's reported costs of providing these benefits, as described in Note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. See the "Critical Accounting Estimates
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, Entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.

Cost Sensitivity

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008

Qualified Pension Cost

Impact on Projected 
Qualified Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$470

$4,722

Rate of return on plan assets

(0.25%)

$288

-

Rate of increase in compensation

0.25%

$225

$1,279

The following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands): 

Actuarial Assumption

Change in 

Assumption

Impact on 2008 

Postretirement Benefit Cost

Impact on Accumulated 
Postretirement Benefit 

Obligation

Increase/(Decrease)

Health care cost trend

0.25%

$225

$1,077

Discount rate

(0.25%)

$165

$1,190

Each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.

Costs and Funding

Total qualified pension cost for System Energy in 2008 was
$2.1 million. System Energy anticipates 2009 qualified pension cost to be $1.5
million. System Energy contributed $5.8 million to its qualified pension plans
in 2008 and expects to contribute $5.8 million in 2009. Guidance

386

pursuant to the Pension Protection Act of 2006 rules,
effective for the 2008 plan year and beyond, continues to evolve, be interpreted
through technical corrections bills, and discussed within the industry and
congressional lawmakers. Any changes to Pension Protection Act as a result of
these discussions and efforts may affect the level of Entergy's pension
contributions in the future.

Total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for System Energy in 2008 were $1.7 million, including $0.9 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. System Energy expects 2009 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs to approximate $3.1 million, including $0.9 million in savings due to the estimated effect of future Medicare Part D subsidies. System Energy anticipates contributions for postretirement health care and life insurance benefits costs to be $3.0 million in 2009.

New Accounting Pronouncements

 See "New Accounting Pronouncements
" section of Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Management's Discussion and Analysis for discussion of new accounting pronouncements.

387

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholder
System Energy Resources, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of System Energy Resources, Inc. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related statements of income, of retained earnings, and of cash flows (pages 389 through 394 and applicable items in pages 65 through 187) for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of System Energy Resources, Inc. as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
February 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

New Orleans, Louisiana
February 27, 2009

388

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

INCOME STATEMENTS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING REVENUES

Electric

$528,998  

$553,193  

$555,459  

OPERATING EXPENSES

Operation and Maintenance:

 Fuel, fuel-related expenses, and

 gas purchased for resale

44,506  

42,798  

44,062  

 Nuclear refueling outage expenses

17,266  

16,699  

16,642  

 Other operation and maintenance

120,165

118,304

108,022

Decommissioning

27,642  

25,713  

23,919  

Taxes other than income taxes

15,896  

26,242  

23,963  

Depreciation and amortization

126,441  

122,765  

118,623  

Other regulatory credits - net

(12,151)

(8,854)

(10,366)

TOTAL

339,765  

343,667  

324,865  

OPERATING INCOME

189,233  

209,526  

230,594  

OTHER INCOME

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

4,910  

3,178  

2,285  

Interest and dividend income

12,086  

24,515  

21,511  

Miscellaneous - net

(643)

382  

(392)

TOTAL

16,353  

28,075  

23,404  

INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES

Interest on long-term debt

56,404  

56,966  

59,829  

Other interest - net

263  

151  

102  

Allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

(1,642)

(1,044)

(720)

TOTAL

55,025  

56,073  

59,211  

INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES

150,561  

181,528  

194,787  

Income taxes

59,494

45,447

54,529

NET INCOME

$91,067  

$136,081  

$140,258  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

389

(Page left blank intentionally)

390

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

OPERATING ACTIVITIES

Net income

$91,067  

$136,081  

$140,258  

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:

 Other regulatory credits - net

(12,151)

(8,854)

(10,366)

 Depreciation, amortization, and decommissioning

154,083  

148,478  

142,542  

 Deferred income taxes, investment tax credits, and non-current taxes accrued

65,339

(37,827)

40,801

 Changes in working capital:

 Receivables

11,621  

(8,741)

(3,739)

 Accounts payable

(146)

9,814  

5,500  

 Taxes accrued

(67,185)

(47,988)

(180,180)

 Interest accrued

1,187  

1,268  

1,026  

 Other working capital accounts

(18,090)

(23,841)

5,466  

 Provision for estimated losses and reserves

(444)

47  

23  

 Changes in other regulatory assets

(29,649)

15,250  

9,315  

 Changes in pension and other postretirement liabilities

41,977

(2,029)

4,211  

 Other

(19,071)

40,243  

 (26,798)

Net cash flow provided by operating activities

218,538  

221,901  

128,059  

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Construction expenditures

(85,515)

(84,108)

(34,142)

Allowance for equity funds used during construction

4,910  

3,178  

2,285  

Nuclear fuel purchases

(76,527)

(56,264)

(370)

Proceeds from sale/leaseback of nuclear fuel

76,530  

56,580  

370  

Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust fund sales

483,380  

105,751  

88,193  

Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust funds

(510,437)

(134,176)

(114,654)

Change in money pool receivable - net

10,705  

12,084  

189,056  

Net cash flow provided by (used in) investing activities

(96,954)

(96,955)

130,738  

FINANCING ACTIVITIES

Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt

-  

69,482  

 - 

Retirement of long-term debt

(26,701)

(93,335)

(22,989)

Dividends paid:

 Common stock

(97,100)

(131,100)

(176,500)

Net cash flow used in financing activities

(123,801)

(154,953)

(199,489)

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

(2,217)

(30,007)

59,308  

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period

105,005  

135,012  

75,704  

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period

$102,788  

$105,005  

$135,012  

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Cash paid during the period for:

 Interest - net of amount capitalized

$50,340  

$50,437  

$53,095  

 Income taxes

$54,436  

$85,105  

$192,829  

See Notes to Financial Statements.

391

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

ASSETS

December 31,

2008

2007

 (In Thousands) 

CURRENT ASSETS

Cash and cash equivalents:

 Cash

$250 

$406 

 Temporary cash investments - at cost,

 which approximates market

102,538 

104,599 

 Total cash and cash equivalents

102,788 

105,005 

Accounts receivable:

 Associated companies

91,119 

112,598 

 Other

3,074 

3,921 

 Total accounts receivable

94,193 

116,519 

Materials and supplies - at average cost

74,496 

68,613 

Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs

26,485 

13,640 

Prepaid taxes

74,779 

 7,594 

Prepayments and other

993 

1,631 

TOTAL

373,734 

313,002 

OTHER PROPERTY AND INVESTMENTS

Decommissioning trust funds

268,822 

315,654 

Note receivable - Entergy New Orleans

25,560 

25,560 

TOTAL

294,382 

341,214 

UTILITY PLANT

Electric

3,314,473 

3,273,390 

Property under capital lease

479,933 

475,157 

Construction work in progress

122,952 

88,296 

Nuclear fuel under capital lease

125,416 

81,616 

Nuclear fuel

7,448 

7,656 

TOTAL UTILITY PLANT

4,050,222 

3,926,115 

Less - accumulated depreciation and amortization

2,206,780 

2,101,484 

UTILITY PLANT - NET

1,843,442 

1,824,631 

DEFERRED DEBITS AND OTHER ASSETS

Regulatory assets:

 SFAS 109 regulatory asset - net

89,473 

93,083 

 Other regulatory assets

333,389 

274,202 

Other

10,970 

12,628 

TOTAL

433,832 

379,913 

TOTAL ASSETS

$2,945,390 

$2,858,760 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

392

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

BALANCE SHEETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

December 31,

2008

2007

(In Thousands)

CURRENT LIABILITIES

Currently maturing long-term debt

$28,440 

$26,701 

Accounts payable:

 Associated companies

 2,723 

 8,902 

 Other

35,215 

29,182 

Accumulated deferred income taxes

9,645 

4,494 

Interest accrued

48,590 

47,403 

Obligations under capital leases

37,619 

30,058 

TOTAL

162,232 

146,740 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Accumulated deferred income taxes and taxes accrued

365,134 

314,991 

Accumulated deferred investment tax credits

61,708 

65,184 

Obligations under capital leases

87,797 

51,558 

Other regulatory liabilities

197,051 

243,450 

Decommissioning

396,201 

368,559 

Accumulated provisions

2,025 

2,469 

Pension and other postretirement liabilities

72,008 

30,031 

Long-term debt

744,900 

773,266 

Other 

 - 

145 

TOTAL

1,926,824 

1,849,653 

Commitments and Contingencies

SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

Common stock, no par value, authorized 1,000,000 shares;

  issued and outstanding 789,350 shares in 2008 and 2007

789,350 

789,350 

Retained earnings

66,984 

73,017 

TOTAL

856,334 

862,367 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY

$2,945,390 

$2,858,760 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

393

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

STATEMENTS OF RETAINED EARNINGS

For the Years Ended December 31,

2008

2007

2006

(In Thousands)

Retained Earnings, January 1

$73,017 

$68,036 

$104,278 

 Add:

 Net income

91,067 

136,081 

140,258 

 Deduct:

 Dividends declared

97,100 

131,100 

176,500 

Retained Earnings, December 31

$66,984 

$73,017 

$68,036 

See Notes to Financial Statements.

394

SYSTEM ENERGY RESOURCES, INC.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - FIVE-YEAR COMPARISON

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

(Dollars In Thousands)

Operating revenues

$528,998 

$553,193 

$555,459 

$533,929 

$545,381 

Net Income

$91,067 

$136,081 

$140,258 

$111,644 

$105,948 

Total assets

$2,945,390 

$2,858,760 

$2,858,760 

$3,046,039 

$3,028,805 

Long-term obligations (1)

$832,697 

$824,824 

$752,052 

$882,949 

$887,448 

Electric energy sales (GWh)

8,475 

8,440 

9,727 

9,070 

9,212 

(1) Includes long-term debt (excluding currently maturing debt) and noncurrent capital lease obligations.

395