Each of the Registrants operates in a market and regulatory environment that poses significant risks, many of which are beyond the Registrant’s
control. Management of each Registrant regularly meets with the Chief Risk Officer and the RMC, which comprises officers of the Registrants, to identify and evaluate the most significant risks of the Registrants’ businesses, and the appropriate
steps to manage and mitigate those risks. The Chief Risk Officer and senior executives of the Registrants discuss those risks with the finance and risk committee and audit committees of the Exelon board of directors and the ComEd, PECO and BGE
boards of directors. In addition, the generation oversight committee of the Exelon board of directors’ evaluates risks related to the generation business. The risk factors discussed below may adversely affect one or more of the
Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows and the market prices of their publicly traded securities. Each of the Registrants has disclosed the known material risks that affect its business at this time. However, there may be further
risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed by a Registrant to be material that may adversely affect its performance or financial condition in the future. 

The Registrants’ most significant risks arise as a consequence of:
(1) Generation’s position as a predominantly nuclear generator selling power into competitive energy markets with a concentration in select regions, and (2) the role of ComEd, PECO and BGE as operators of electric transmission and
distribution systems in three of the largest metropolitan areas in the United States. The Registrants’ major risks fall primarily under the following categories: 

•

 Market and Financial Risks.
 Exelon’s and Generation’s market and financial risks include the risk of price fluctuations in the power
markets. Power prices are a function of supply and demand, which in turn are driven by factors such as (1) the price of fuels, in particular the prices of natural gas and coal, which drive the prices that Generation can obtain for the output of
its power plants, (2) the rate of expansion of subsidized low-carbon generation in the markets in which Generation’s output is sold, (3) the effects on energy demand of factors such as weather, economic conditions and implementation
of energy efficiency and demand response programs, and (4) the impacts of increased competition in the retail channel. 

41 

•

 Regulatory and Legislative Risks.
 The Registrants’ regulatory and legislative risks include changes to the laws and regulations that govern
competitive markets and utility cost recovery, and that drive environmental policy. In particular, Exelon’s and Generation’s financial performance may be adversely affected by changes that could affect Generation’s ability to sell
power into the competitive wholesale power markets at market-based prices. In addition, potential regulation and legislation regarding climate change and renewable portfolio standards could increase the pace of development of wind energy facilities,
which could put downward pressure in some markets on wholesale market prices for electricity from Generation’s nuclear assets, partially offsetting any additional value Exelon and Generation might derive from Generation’s nuclear assets
under a carbon constrained regulatory regime that might exist in the future. Also, regulatory actions in Illinois, Pennsylvania or Maryland could materially lower returns for ComEd, PECO and BGE, respectively. 

•

 Operational Risks.
 The Registrants’ operational risks include those risks inherent in running the nation’s largest fleet of nuclear power
reactors and large electric and gas distribution systems. The safe and effective operation of the nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the associated decommissioning obligations as well as the ability to maintain the
availability, reliability and safety of its energy delivery systems are fundamental to Exelon’s ability to protect and grow shareholder value. Additionally, the operating costs of ComEd, PECO and BGE, and the opinions of customers and
regulators of ComEd, PECO and BGE, are affected by those companies’ ability to maintain the reliability and safety of their energy delivery systems. 

•

 Risks Related to the Merger with Constellation and the Pending Master Agreement between Generation and CENG. 
As a result of the merger with
Constellation that closed on March 12, 2012, Exelon may encounter unexpected difficulties or costs in meeting commitments it made under various orders and agreements associated with regulatory approvals from the July 29, 2013 Master
Agreement between Exelon, Generation and subsidiaries of Generation with EDF, EDF Inc. (EDFI) (a subsidiary of EDF) and CENG. Exelon and Generation are subject to the risks that integration of CENG’s nuclear fleet may not achieve anticipated
results, and that Exelon and Generation may not be able to fully integrate the operations of CENG in the manner expected. 

A discussion of each of these risk categories and other risk factors is included below. 

Market and Financial Risks 

Generation is exposed to depressed prices in the wholesale and retail power markets, which may negatively affect its results of operations and cash flows.
(Exelon and Generation) 

Generation is exposed to
commodity price risk for the unhedged portion of its electricity generation supply portfolio. As such, Generation’s earnings and cash flows are therefore subject to variability as spot and forward market prices in the markets in which it
operates rise and fall. 

Price of Fuels: The
spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. Thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal
fuel used to generate the electricity unit. Often, the next unit of electricity will be supplied from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels. Consequently, changes in the market price of fossil fuels often result in comparable changes
to the market price of power. For example, the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits has increased natural gas supply and reserves, placing downward pressure on natural gas prices and, therefore, on power
prices. The continued addition of supply from new alternative generation resources, such as wind and solar, whether mandated through RPS or otherwise subsidized or 

42 

encouraged through climate legislation or regulation, may displace a higher marginal cost plant, further reducing power prices. In addition, further delay or elimination of EPA air quality
regulations could prolong the duration for which the cost of pollution from fossil fuel generation is not factored into market prices.

Demand and Supply: The market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available supply of
electricity. Unfavorable economic conditions, milder than normal weather, and the growth of energy efficiency and demand response programs can each depress demand. The result is that higher-cost generating resources do not run as
frequently, putting downward pressure on electricity market prices. The continued tepid economic environment and growing energy efficiency and demand response initiatives have limited the demand for electricity in Generation’s markets. In
addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity through wind or solar generation, when combined with other base-load generation such as nuclear, may often exceed demand during some hours of the day, resulting in loss of revenue for base-load
generating plants. The risk of increased supply in excess of demand is heightened by continued or increased RPS mandates or other subsidies, including ITCs and PTCs. 

Retail Competition: Generation’s retail operations compete
for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins that Generation can earn and the volumes that it is able to serve. In an environment of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, retail
competitors can aggressively pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and wholesale generators (including Generation) use their retail operations to hedge generation output. Increased or more aggressive competition can
adversely affect overall gross margins and profitability in Generation’s retail operations. 

Sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could adversely affect Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations and cash flows, and such impacts could be emphasized given
Generation’s concentration of base-load electric generating capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic. These impacts could adversely affect Exelon’s and Generation’s ability
to fund other discretionary uses of cash such as growth projects or to pay dividends. In addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation of certain generating facilities, which could adversely affect Exelon’s and
Generation’s results of operations through increased depreciation rates, impairment charges and accelerated future decommissioning costs which may be offset in whole or in part by reduced operating and maintenance expenses. A slow recovery
in market conditions could result in a prolonged depression of or further decline in commodity prices, including low forward natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, which could also adversely affect Exelon’s and
Generation’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position.

In addition to price fluctuations, Generation is exposed to other risks in the power markets that are beyond its control and may negatively affect its results of
operations. (Exelon and Generation) 

Credit
Risk.
 In the bilateral markets, Generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe Generation money, or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from Generation, will not perform under their obligations for operational or
financial reasons. In the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Generation might be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of
amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. In the spot markets, Generation is exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily RTOs and ISOs, the purpose of which is to spread such risk
across all market participants. Generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. In addition, Generation’s retail sales subject it to credit
risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve commercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and 

43 

residential customers. Retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. This risk represents the loss that may be incurred due to the nonpayment of a
customer’s account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer. 

Unstable Markets.
 The wholesale spot markets remain evolving markets that vary from region to region and are still developing
practices and procedures. Problems in or the failure of any of these markets could adversely affect Generation’s business. In addition, a significant decrease in market participation could affect market liquidity and have a detrimental effect
on market stability. 

The Registrants are potentially exposed to emerging
technologies that may over time affect or transform the energy industry, including technologies related to energy generation, distribution and consumption. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Some of these technologies include, but are not limited to further
shale gas development or sources, cost-effective renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles and energy storage devices. Such developments could lower the price of energy, could affect energy deliveries as
customer-owned generation becomes more cost-effective, could require further improvements to our distribution systems to address changing load demands and could make portions of our electric system power supply and transmission and/or distribution
facilities obsolete prior to the end of their useful lives. Such technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy. Each of these factors could materially affect the Registrants’
results of operations, financial position, and cash flows through, among other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, and increased capital expenditures, as well as potential asset impairment charges or
accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives. 

Market performance and other factors may decrease the value of NDT funds and employee benefit plan assets and increase the related employee benefit plan obligations, which then could require significant
additional funding. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy may adversely affect the value of the investments held within Generation’s NDTs and
Exelon’s employee benefit plan trusts. The Registrants have significant obligations in these areas and Exelon and Generation hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet those obligations. The asset values are subject to market fluctuations
and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below the Registrants’ projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the NDT fund investments may increase Generation’s funding requirements to decommission its nuclear plants. A
decline in the market value of the pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets will increase the funding requirements associated with Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations. Additionally, Exelon’s
pension and other postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. Changes in demographics,
including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to Social Security or Medicare eligibility requirements may also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension
and other postretirement benefit plans. If future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets or other factors cannot be recovered, or cannot be recovered in a timely manner, from ComEd, PECO and BGE
customers, the results of operations and financial positions of ComEd, PECO and BGE could be negatively affected. Ultimately, if the Registrants are unable to manage the investments with the NDT funds and benefit plan assets, and unable to manage
the related benefit plan liabilities, their results of operations, cash flows and financial positions could be negatively affected. 

44 

Unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets may adversely affect the
Registrants’ businesses in several ways, including the availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements, the Registrants’ ability to meet long-term commitments, Generation’s ability to hedge effectively its
generation portfolio, and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets; each could adversely affect the Registrants’ financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

The Registrants rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly
offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from the Registrants’ respective operations. Disruptions in the capital
and credit markets in the United States or abroad can adversely affect the Registrants’ ability to access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. The Registrants’ access to funds under their credit
facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the Registrants if they experience shortages of capital and
liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from the Registrants and other borrowers within a short period of time. The inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer term disruptions in the capital
and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, changes to Generation’s
hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral-posting requirements, or a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. 

In addition, the Registrants have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including Europe. Disruptions in the European markets could reduce or
restrict the Registrants’ ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. As of December 31, 2013, approximately 30%, or $2.5 billion, of the Registrants’ available credit facilities were with European
banks. The credit facilities include $8.4 billion in aggregate total commitments of which $6.6 billion was available as of December 31, 2013. There were no borrowings under the Registrants’ credit facilities as of December 31, 2013.
See Note 13 of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the credit facilities. 

The strength and depth of competition in competitive energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could
be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that may affect participants in commodities transactions. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that
participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of the Registrants. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could
lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on
Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations and cash flows. 

If any of the Registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in its
agreements with its trading counterparties, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience higher borrowing costs. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE)

Generation’s business is subject to credit
quality standards that may require market participants to post collateral for their obligations. If Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy
the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under its hedging arrangements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. The amount

45 

of collateral required to be provided by Generation at any point in time is dependent on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional amount of the applicable hedge, (2) the nature
of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other commodity prices. In addition, if Generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. Generation could experience a
downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the power generation industry in general, or Generation in particular, has
deteriorated. Changes in ratings methodologies by the credit rating agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of Generation. 

ComEd’s operating agreement with PJM contains collateral provisions that are affected by its credit rating and market prices. If certain
wholesale market conditions exist and ComEd were to lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be required under the PJM operating agreement to provide collateral in the forms of letters of credit
or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. Collateral posting will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as market prices fall. Given the relationship to forward market prices, contract collateral
requirements can be volatile. In addition, if ComEd were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. 

PECO’s and BGE’s operating agreements with PJM and their natural gas procurement contracts contain collateral provisions that are affected
by their credit ratings. If certain wholesale market conditions exist and PECO and BGE were to lose their investment grade credit ratings (based on their senior unsecured debt ratings), they would be required to provide collateral in the form of
letters of credit or cash, which may have material adverse effects upon their liquidity. PECO’s and BGE’s collateral requirements relating to their natural gas supply contracts are a function of market prices. Collateral posting
requirements for PECO and BGE with respect to these contracts will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. Given the relationship to forward market prices, contract collateral requirements can be
volatile. In addition, if PECO or BGE were downgraded, they could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. 

ComEd, PECO or BGE could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or
financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the utility industry in general, or ComEd, PECO, or BGE in particular, has deteriorated. ComEd, PECO or BGE could experience a downgrade if the current regulatory environments in Illinois, Pennsylvania
or Maryland, respectively, become less predictable by materially lowering returns for utilities in the applicable state or adopting other measures to mitigate higher electricity prices. Additionally, the ratings for ComEd, PECO or BGE could be
downgraded if their financial results are weakened from current levels due to weaker operating performance or due to a failure to properly manage their capital structure. In addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have
a negative impact on the ratings of ComEd, PECO or BGE. 

ComEd, PECO and BGE conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and procedures intended to assure
that ComEd, PECO and BGE are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate ComEd, PECO and BGE from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulty at
Exelon or another Exelon subsidiary. These measures (commonly referred to as “ringfencing”) may help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of ComEd, PECO and BGE in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon.
Despite these ringfencing measures, the credit ratings of ComEd, PECO or BGE could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of Exelon. Consequently, a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon could result in a reduction of the credit
rating of ComEd, PECO or BGE, or all three. A reduction in the credit rating of ComEd, PECO or BGE could have a material adverse effect on ComEd, PECO or BGE, respectively. 

46 

See Liquidity and Capital Resources—Recent Market Conditions and Security Ratings for further
information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the Registrants’ cash flows. 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other risk factors associated with the procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel. (Exelon and Generation)

Generation depends on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to
operate its generating facilities. Nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services and contracted fuel fabrication services. Coal, natural
gas and oil are procured for generating plants through annual, short-term and spot-market purchases. The supply markets for nuclear fuel, coal, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default
that may negatively affect the results of operations for Generation. 

Generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading activities. (Exelon and Generation)

Generation’s asset-based power position as well
as its power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management
procedures. These risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and
estimates of future performance, results of operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities,
become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management decisions may have
on its business, operating results, cash flows or financial position. 

Generation buys and sells energy and other products in the wholesale markets and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in Generation’s power generation portfolio. The
proportion of hedged positions in its power generation portfolio may cause volatility in Generation’s future results of operations. 

Financial performance and load requirements may be adversely affected if Generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio. (Exelon and Generation)

A significant portion of Generation’s power
portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with ComEd, PECO, BGE and other customers. To the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, Generation’s wholesale output is sold in the wholesale
power markets. To the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the related agreements, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Generation’s financial results may be
negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio and effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets. 

Challenges to tax positions taken by the Registrants as well as tax law changes and
the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions, could negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Corporate Tax Reform. There exists the potential for
comprehensive tax reform in the United States that may significantly change the tax rules applicable to U.S. domiciled corporations. Exelon cannot assess what the overall effect of such potential legislation would be on its results of operations and
cash flows. 

47 

1999 sale of fossil generating assets.
 The IRS has challenged Exelon’s 1999 tax
position on its like-kind exchange transaction. Exelon and the IRS failed to reach a settlement on the like-kind exchange position and Exelon filed a petition on December 13, 2013 to initiate litigation in the United States Tax Court. Exelon
was not required to remit any part of the asserted tax or penalty in order to litigate the like-kind exchange position. The litigation could take three to five years including appeals, if necessary. 

As of December 31, 2013, if the IRS is successful in its challenge
to the like-kind exchange position, Exelon’s potential cash outflow, including tax and after-tax interest, exclusive of penalties, that could become currently payable may be as much as $840 million, of which approximately $305 million would be
attributable to ComEd after consideration of Exelon’s agreement to hold ComEd harmless. In addition to attempting to impose tax on the like-kind exchange position, the IRS has asserted penalties for a substantial understatement of tax,
which could result in an after-tax charge of $87 million to Exelon’s and ComEd’s results of operations should the IRS prevail in asserting the penalties. The timing effects of the final resolution of the like-kind exchange matter are
unknown. See Note 14 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Tax reserves and the recoverability of deferred tax assets. 
The Registrants are required to make judgments in order to estimate their
obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeals issues related to these tax matters. These judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes
regarding tax positions that have been taken that may be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. The Registrants also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards and tax credits. See Notes 1 and
14 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Increases in customer rates and the impact of economic downturns may lead to greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. Additionally, increased rates could lead to decreased volumes delivered. Both of
these factors may decrease Generation’s, ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s results from operations and cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s current procurement plans
include purchasing power through contracted suppliers and in the spot market. ComEd’s and PECO’s costs of purchased power are charged to customers without a return or profit component. BGE’s SOS rates charged to customers recover
BGE’s wholesale power supply costs and include an administrative fee which includes a shareholder return component and an incremental cost component. For PECO, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers with no return or profit
component. For BGE, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers using a MBR mechanism that compares the actual cost of gas to a market index. The difference between the actual cost and the market index is shared equally between shareholders
and customers. Purchased power and natural gas prices fluctuate based on their relevant supply and demand. Significantly higher rates related to purchased power and natural gas can result in declines in customer usage, lower revenues and potentially
additional uncollectible accounts expense for ComEd, PECO and BGE. In addition, any challenges by the regulators or ComEd, PECO and BGE as to the recoverability of these costs could have a material effect on the Registrants’ results of
operations and cash flows. Also, ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when electricity and natural gas are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers. 

Further, the impacts of economic downturns on ComEd, PECO and BGE
customers and purchased natural gas costs for PECO and BGE customers, such as unemployment for residential customers and less demand for products and services provided by commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on
residential service terminations, may result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances, which would negatively impact ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s results from operations and cash flows. Generation’s customer
supply activities 

48 

face economic downturn risks similar to Exelon’s utility businesses, such as lower volumes sold and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances. As Generation increases its
customer supply footprint, economic downturn impacts could negatively affect Generation’s results from operations and cash flows. See ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK for further discussion of the
Registrants’ credit risk. 

The effects of weather may impact the
Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels
in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas and affect the price of energy commodities. Moderate temperatures adversely
affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues at ComEd and PECO. Due to revenue decoupling, BGE recognizes revenues at MDPSC-approved levels per customer, regardless of what actual distribution volumes are for a billing period, and is not
affected by actual weather with the exception of major storms. Extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms may stress ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s transmission and distribution systems, communication systems and
technology, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’s ability to meet peak customer demand. These extreme conditions may have detrimental effects on ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s results of
operations and cash flows. First and third quarter financial results, in particular, are substantially dependent on weather conditions, and may make period comparisons less relevant. 

Generation’s operations are also affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as operating
conditions. To the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, Generation may require greater resources to meet its contractual commitments. Extreme weather conditions or storms may affect the availability of
generation and its transmission, limiting Generation’s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. In addition, drought-like conditions limiting water usage can impact Generation’s ability to run certain generating assets at full
capacity. These conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, may have an adverse effect by causing Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when markets are
weak. 

Certain long-lived assets and other assets recorded on the
Registrants’ statements of financial position may become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the
Registrants’ statement of financial position. Specifically, long-lived assets account for 59%, 49%, 61%, 66% and 75% of total assets for Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE, respectively, as of December 31, 2013. In addition, the
Registrants have significant balances related to unamortized energy contracts. See Notes 4 and 10 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Exelon’s unamortized energy contracts. The Registrants
evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment exist. Factors such as the business climate, including current and future energy and market
conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment. An impairment would require the Registrants to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset through a
non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment, and such an impairment could have a material adverse impact on the Registrants’ results of operations. 

Exelon and Generation have investments in certain generating plant
projects, including the CENG nuclear joint venture with a carrying value of $1.9 billion as of December 31, 2013. These investments 

49 

were acquired in the March 2012 Constellation transaction, and were recorded as equity method investments on the balance sheet at fair value on the merger date as part of purchase accounting.
Exelon and Generation continuously monitor for issues that potentially could impact future profitability of these equity method investments and which could result in the recognition of an impairment loss if such issues indicate an other than
temporary decline in value. Such impairment could have a material adverse impact on Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations. 

Exelon holds investments in coal-fired plants in Georgia and Texas subject to long-term leases. The investments are accounted for as direct
financing lease investments. The investments represent the estimated residual values of the leased assets at the end of the respective lease terms. On an annual basis, Exelon reviews the estimated residual values of its direct financing lease
investments and records a non-cash impairment charge to expense if the review indicates an other than temporary decline in the fair value of the residual values below their carrying values. Such an impairment could have a material adverse impact on
Exelon’s results of operations. 

Exelon and ComEd had
approximately $2.6 billion of goodwill recorded at December 31, 2013 in connection with the merger between PECO and Unicom Corporation, the former parent company of ComEd. Under GAAP, goodwill remains at its recorded amount unless it is
determined to be impaired, which is generally based upon an annual analysis that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. If an impairment occurs, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written-off, reducing
equity. The actual timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables. A successful IRS challenge to Exelon’s and ComEd’s like-kind exchange income tax position, adverse
regulatory actions such as early termination of EIMA, or changes in significant assumptions used in estimating ComEd’s fair value (e.g., discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance and transactions, operating and capital
expenditure requirements and the fair value of debt) could result in an impairment. Such an impairment would result in a non-cash charge to expense, which could have a material adverse impact on Exelon’s and ComEd’s results of operations.

See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Notes 7, 8 and 10 of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on long-lived asset and goodwill
impairments. 

The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive, and
their assets may require significant expenditures to maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments by Generation in energy
generation and by ComEd, PECO and BGE in transmission and distribution infrastructure projects. These operational systems and infrastructure have been in service for many years. Older equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility
practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond the Registrants’ control, and may require significant expenditures to operate efficiently. The Registrants’ results of operations, financial condition, or cash
flows could be adversely affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. Furthermore, operational failure could result in potential liability if such failure results in damage to property or
injury to individuals. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS for further information regarding the Registrants’ potential future capital expenditures. 

50 

Exelon and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs
in the event of non-performance by third parties. In addition, the Registrants have rights under agreements which obligate third parties to indemnify the Registrants for various obligations, and the Registrants may incur substantial costs in the
event that the applicable Registrant is unable to enforce those agreements or the applicable third-party is otherwise unable to perform. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

The Registrants have issued guarantees of the performance of third parties, which obligate one or more of the Registrants
or their subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by those third parties, the Registrants could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. Such
performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. 

The Registrants have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse a Registrant and hold it
harmless against specified obligations and claims. To the extent that any of these counterparties are affected by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, the affected Registrant could
be held responsible for the obligations, which could impact that Registrant’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. In connection with Exelon’s 2001 corporate restructuring, Generation assumed certain of ComEd’s
and PECO’s rights and obligations with respect to their former generation businesses. Further, ComEd and PECO may have entered into agreements with third parties under which the third-party agreed to indemnify ComEd or PECO for certain
obligations related to their respective former generation businesses that have been assumed by Generation as part of the restructuring. If the third-party or Generation experienced events that reduced its creditworthiness or the indemnity
arrangement became unenforceable, ComEd or PECO could be liable for any existing or future claims, which could impact ComEd’s or PECO’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Generation’s business may be negatively affected by competitive electric
generation suppliers. (Exelon and Generation) 

Because
retail customers where Generation serves load can switch from their respective energy delivery company to a competitive electric generation supplier for their energy needs, planning to meet Generation’s obligation to provide the supply needed
to serve Generation’s share of an electric distribution company’s default service obligation is more difficult than planning for retail load before the advent of retail competition. Before retail competition, the primary variables
affecting projections of load were weather and the economy. With retail competition, another major factor is retail customers switching to or from competitive electric generation suppliers. If fewer of such customers switch from its retail load
serving counterparties than Generation anticipates, the load that Generation must serve will be greater than anticipated, which could, if market prices have increased, increase Generation’s costs (due to its need to go to market to cover its
incremental supply obligation) more than the increase in Generation’s revenues. If more customers from its retail load serving counterparties switch than Generation anticipates, the load that Generation must serve will be lower than
anticipated, which could, if market prices have decreased, cause Generation to lose opportunities in the market. 

Regulatory and Legislative Risks 

The Registrants’ generation and energy delivery businesses are highly regulated and could be subject to adverse regulatory and legislative actions. Fundamental changes in regulation or legislation or
violation of tariffs or market rules and anti-manipulation laws, could disrupt the Registrants’ business plans and adversely affect their operations and financial results. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Substantially all aspects of the businesses of the Registrants are
subject to comprehensive Federal or state regulation and legislation. Further, Exelon’s and Generation’s operating results and 

51 

cash flows are heavily dependent upon the ability of Generation to sell power at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and Exelon’s, ComEd’s,
PECO’s and BGE’s operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent on the ability of ComEd, PECO and BGE to recover their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power to their customers. Similarly, there is risk that
financial market regulations could increase the Registrants’ compliance costs and limit their ability to engage in certain transactions. In the planning and management of operations, the Registrants must address the effects of regulation on
their businesses and changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by Federal and state legislatures, RTOs, exchanges, ratemaking agencies and taxing authorities. Additionally, the Registrants need to be cognizant of rules changes or
Registrant actions that could result in potential violation of tariffs, market rules and anti-manipulation laws. Fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting the Registrants’ businesses would require changes
in their business planning models and operations and could adversely affect their results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Regulatory and legislative developments related to climate change and RPS may also significantly affect Exelon’s and Generation’s results
of operations, cash flows and financial positions. Various legislative and regulatory proposals to address climate change through GHG emission reductions, if enacted, could result in increased costs to entities that generate electricity through
carbon-emitting fossil fuels, which could increase the market price at which all generators in a region, including Generation, may sell their output, thereby increasing the revenue Generation could realize from its low-carbon nuclear assets.
However, national regulation or legislation addressing climate change through an RPS could also increase the pace of development of wind energy facilities in the Midwest, which could put downward pressure on wholesale market prices for electricity
from Generation’s Midwest nuclear assets, partially offsetting any additional value Exelon and Generation might derive from Generation’s nuclear assets under a carbon constrained regulatory regime that might exist in the future. Current
state level climate change and renewable regulation is already providing incentives for regional wind development. The Registrants cannot predict when or whether any of these various legislative and regulatory proposals may become law or what
their effect will be on the Registrants. 

Generation may be negatively
affected by possible Federal or state legislative or regulatory actions that could affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets. (Exelon and Generation) 

Federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies are facing
pressures to address consumer concerns, or are themselves raising concerns, that energy prices in wholesale markets are too high or insufficient generation is being built because the competitive model is not working, and, therefore, are considering
some form of re-regulation or some other means of reducing wholesale market prices or subsidizing new generation. Generation is dependent on robust and competitive wholesale energy markets to achieve its business objectives. 

Approximately 60% of Generation’s generating resources, which
include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the area encompassed by PJM. Generation’s future results of operations will depend on 1) FERC’s continued adherence to and support for,
policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets, such as PJM’s, and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect market competitiveness. Generation
could also be adversely affected by state laws, regulations or initiatives designed to reduce wholesale prices artificially below competitive levels or to subsidize new generation, such as the subsequently dismissed New Jersey Capacity Legislation
and the MDPSC’s RFP for new gas-fired generation in Maryland. See Note 3 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details related to the New Jersey Capacity Legislation and the Maryland new electric generation
requirements. 

In addition, FERC’s application of its
Order 697 and its subsequent revisions could pose a risk that Generation will have difficulty satisfying FERC’s tests for market-based rates. Since Order 697 became 

52 

final in June 2007, Generation has obtained orders affirming Generation’s authority to sell at market-based rates and none denying that authority. On December 31, 2013, Generation
submitted its triennial application seeking reauthorization to sell at market-based rates in the Northeast region (including PJM, ISO-NY and ISONE). Generation’s previous submission seeking reauthorization to sell at market-based rates was
accepted by FERC on June 22, 2011 for the PJM region. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank) was enacted into law on July 21, 2010. Its primary objective is to
eliminate from the financial system the systemic risk that Congress believed was in part the cause of the financial crisis that unfolded during 2008. Dodd-Frank ushers in a brand new regulatory regime applicable to the over-the-counter (OTC) market
for swaps. Generation relies on the OTC swaps markets as part of its program to hedge the price risk associated with its generation portfolio. In April 2012, the CFTC issued its rule defining swap dealers and major swap participants. Generation has
determined that it will conduct its commercial hedging business as an end user in a manner that does not require registration as a swap dealer or major swap participant. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Generation will still face additional
regulatory obligations under Dodd-Frank, including some reporting requirements, clearing some additional transactions that it would otherwise enter into over-the-counter, and having to adhere to position limits. More fundamentally, however, the
total burden that the rules could impose on all market participants could cause liquidity in the bilateral OTC swaps market to decrease substantially. Dodd-Frank may require up to $1 billion of additional collateral requirements at Generation, to be
met with cash rather than letters of credit in a price stressed environment. Generation continues to monitor the rulemaking procedures and cannot predict the ultimate outcome that the financial reform legislation will have on its results of
operations, cash flows or financial position. 

Generation’s
affiliation with ComEd, PECO and BGE, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of Generation’s physical asset base within the ComEd, PECO and BGE service territories, could increase Generation’s cost of doing business to the
extent future complaints or challenges regarding ComEd, PECO and/or BGE retail rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by Generation. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation has significant generating resources within the service
areas of ComEd, PECO and BGE and makes significant sales to each of them. Those facts tend to cause Generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. Government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of
Generation’s affiliation with ComEd, PECO and BGE and its sales to each of them. In periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased costs of energy production and supply, those officials and advocacy groups may question
or challenge costs incurred by ComEd, PECO or BGE, including transactions between Generation, on the one hand, and ComEd, PECO or BGE, on the other hand, regardless of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. The
prospect of such challenges may increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challenges may subject Generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those
markets. In addition, government officials and legislators may seek ways to force Generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based taxes and contributions to rate-relief
packages. 

The Registrants may incur substantial costs to fulfill their
obligations related to environmental and other matters. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

The businesses which the Registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and Federal
authorities. These laws and regulations affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures including how they handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal. Violations of these emission and
disposal 

53 

requirements can subject the Registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs,
civil penalties and exposure to third parties’ claims for alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. In addition, the Registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for
environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the Registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. The Registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental
compliance, site remediation and clean-up. Remediation activities associated with MGP operations conducted by predecessor companies are one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to
sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. 

If application of Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act, which establishes a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to aquatic
organisms at existing generating stations, requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at Salem or other Exelon power plants, this development could result in material costs of compliance. Pursuant to discussions with the NJDEP
regarding the application of Section 316(b) to Oyster Creek, Generation agreed to permanently cease generation operations at Oyster Creek by December 31, 2019, ten years before the expiration of its operating license in 2029. 

Additionally, Generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related
personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly owned generation facilities. Future legislative action could require Generation to make a material contribution to a fund to settle lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease
and exposure. 

In some cases, a third-party who has acquired
assets from a Registrant has assumed the liability the Registrant may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. If the transferee is unable, or fails, to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory authority or
injured person could attempt to hold the Registrant responsible, and the Registrant’s remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. See Note 22 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 

Changes in ComEd’s,
PECO’s and BGE’s respective terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which
lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which may introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes. (Exelon, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

ComEd, PECO and BGE are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their
respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of
limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. The proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. Decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The
potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for ComEd, PECO or BGE to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. Established rates are
also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates can be adjusted, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, MGP remediation, smart grid
infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs. 

In certain instances, ComEd, PECO and BGE may agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives or franchise agreements. These settlements are subject to regulatory approval.

54 

ComEd, PECO and BGE cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by
Illinois, Pennsylvania, Maryland or Federal regulators in establishing rates, including the extent, if any, to which certain costs such as significant capital projects will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowed. Nevertheless, the
expectation is that ComEd, PECO and BGE will continue to be obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant POLR and default service obligations to provide electricity and
natural gas to certain groups of customers in their respective service areas who do not choose an alternative supplier. The ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of ComEd, PECO and BGE,
as applicable, to recover their costs and could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. See Note 3 of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for information regarding rate proceedings. 

Federal or
additional state RPS and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers, could negatively affect the results of operations and cash flows of Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE)

Changes to current state legislation or the
development of Federal legislation that requires the use of renewable and alternate fuel sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could significantly impact Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE, especially if timely cost recovery is not
allowed. The impact could include increased costs for RECs and purchased power and increased rates for customers. 

Federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, such
as smart meters and smart grid, have increased capital expenditures and could significantly impact ComEd, PECO and BGE, if timely cost recovery is not allowed. Furthermore, regulated energy consumption reduction targets and declines in customer
energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation technologies could lead to a decline in the revenues of Exelon, ComEd, and PECO. For additional information, see ITEM 1. BUSINESS “Environmental
Regulation-Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards.” 

The impact of not meeting the criteria of the FASB guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation could be material to Exelon, ComEd,
PECO and BGE. (Exelon, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

As of
December 31, 2013, Exelon, ComEd, PECO and BGE have concluded that the operations of ComEd, PECO and BGE meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation. If it is concluded in a
future period that a separable portion of their businesses no longer meets the criteria, Exelon, ComEd, PECO and BGE would be required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business. That action would
include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in their Consolidated Balance Sheets and the recognition of a one-time extraordinary item in their Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impact of
not meeting the criteria of the authoritative guidance could be material to the financial statements of Exelon, ComEd, PECO and BGE. At December 31, 2013, the extraordinary gain (loss) could have been as much as $(2.4) billion, $730 million and
$ 453 million (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s regulatory assets and liabilities, respectively. Further, Exelon would record a charge against OCI (before taxes) of up to $2.4 billion and
$568 million for ComEd and BGE, respectively, related to Exelon’s regulatory assets associated with its defined benefit postretirement plans. Exelon also has a regulatory liability of $45 million (before taxes) associated with PECO’s
defined benefit postretirement plans that would result in an increase in OCI if reversed. The impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an additional impairment of ComEd’s goodwill, which could be significant and at least
partially offset the extraordinary gain at ComEd discussed above. A significant decrease in equity as a result of any changes could limit the ability of ComEd, PECO and BGE to pay dividends under Federal

55 

and state law and no longer meeting the regulatory accounting criteria could cause significant volatility in future results of operations. See Notes 1, 3 and 10 of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation, regulatory matters and ComEd’s goodwill, respectively. 

Exelon and Generation may incur material costs of compliance if Federal and/or state
regulation or legislation is adopted to address climate change. (Exelon and Generation) 

Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other
companies in many business sectors, including utilities, are considering ways to address the effect of GHG emissions on climate change. In 2009, select Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states implemented a model rule, developed via the RGGI, to regulate
CO
2

 emissions from fossil-fired generation. RGGI states are working on updated
programs to further limit emissions and the EPA has introduced regulation to address greenhouse gases from new fossil plants that could potentially impact existing plants. If carbon reduction regulation or legislation becomes effective, Exelon and
Generation may incur costs either to limit further the GHG emissions from their operations or to procure emission allowance credits. The nature and extent of environmental regulation may also impact the ability of Exelon and its subsidiaries to meet
the GHG emission reduction targets of Exelon 2020. For example, more stringent permitting requirements may preclude the construction of lower-carbon nuclear and gas-fired power plants. Similarly, a Federal RPS could increase the cost of compliance
by mandating the purchase or construction of more expensive supply alternatives. For more information regarding climate change, see ITEM 1. BUSINESS “Global Climate Change” and Note 22 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or
penalties related to mandatory reliability standards, including the likely exposure of ComEd, PECO, and BGE to the results of PJM’s RTEP and NERC compliance requirements. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

As a result of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, users, owners and
operators of the bulk power transmission system, including Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. As operators of natural gas distribution systems, PECO and BGE are
also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the U.S. Department of Transportation. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market
interface principles. Compliance with or changes in the reliability standards may subject the Registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. In addition, the ICC, PAPUC and MDPSC impose certain distribution reliability
standards on ComEd, PECO and BGE, respectively. If the Registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary
penalties. 

ComEd, PECO and BGE as transmission owners are
subject to NERC compliance requirements. NERC provides guidance to transmission owners regarding assessments of transmission lines. The results of these assessments may require ComEd, PECO and BGE to incur incremental capital or operating and
maintenance expenditures to ensure their transmission lines meet NERC standards. Uncertainties exist as to the construction of new transmission facilities, their cost and how those costs will be allocated to transmission system participants and
customers. In accordance with a FERC order and related settlement, PJM’s RTEP requires the costs of new transmission facilities to be allocated across the entire PJM footprint for new facilities greater than or equal to 500 kV, and requires
costs of new facilities less than 500 kV to be allocated to the beneficiaries of the new facilities. Following a remand from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, FERC reaffirmed its decision related to allocation of new facilities 500
kV and above. That decision is being appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit. This FERC order only applies to facilities included in the PJM RTEP 

56 

prior to February 1, 2013. For facilities subsequently approved, the costs of new facilities that are double circuit 345 kV or greater than or equal to 500 kV will be allocated 50% across
the entire PJM footprint and 50% allocated to identified beneficiaries. Costs for all other facilities will be allocated to all identified beneficiaries. This later decision is subject to rehearing by FERC and possible appeal. 

See Notes 3 and 22 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information. 

The Registrants cannot predict
the outcome of the legal proceedings relating to their business activities. An adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial positions and cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and
BGE) 

The Registrants are involved in legal
proceedings, claims and litigation arising out of their business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in Note 22 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require
significant expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on the Registrants’ results of operations. 

Generation may be negatively affected by possible Nuclear Regulatory Commission actions that could affect the operations and profitability of its nuclear generating fleet. (Exelon and Generation) 

Regulatory risk

. A change in the Atomic Energy
Act or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial
position. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation, may cause the NRC to initiate such actions. 

As an example, prior to the Fukushima Daiichi accident on March 11, 2011, the NRC had been evaluating seismic risk. After the Fukushima Daiichi
accident, the NRC’s focus on seismic risk intensified. As part of the NRC Near-Term Task Force (Task Force) review and evaluation of the Fukushima Daiichi accident, the Task Force recommended that plant operators conduct seismic reevaluations.
In January 2012, the NRC released an updated seismic risk model that plant operators must use in performing the seismic reevaluations recommended by the Task Force. These reevaluations could result in the required implementation of additional
mitigation strategies or modifications. Additionally, the Task Force provided recommendations for future regulatory action by the NRC to be taken in the near and longer term. In response, the NRC issued three immediately effective orders (Tier 1) to
commercial reactor licensees operating in the United States for compliance no later than December 31, 2016. The NRC is currently evaluating the remaining Task Force recommendations and has not taken action with respect to the Tier 2 and Tier 3
recommendations. Actions to comply with the Task Force recommendations will result in increased costs and could significantly impact Generation’s results of operations or financial position. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS—Exelon Corporation, Executive Overview for a more detailed discussion of the Task Force Recommendations. 

Spent nuclear fuel storage.
 The approval of a national
repository for the storage of SNF, such as the one previously considered at Yucca Mountain, Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of SNF, and the ultimate amounts received from
the DOE to reimburse Generation for these costs. The NRC’s temporary storage rule (also referred to as the “waste confidence decision”) recognizes that licensees can safely store spent nuclear fuel at nuclear power plants for up to 60
years beyond the original and renewed licensed operating life of the plants. In June 2012, the United States Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit vacated the NRC’s temporary storage rule on the grounds that the NRC should have conducted a more
comprehensive 

57 

environmental review to support the rule. In September 2012, the NRC directed NRC Staff to complete a generic environmental impact statement and to revise the temporary storage rule which is now
not expected until October 3, 2014. 

Any regulatory
action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for SNF may adversely affect Generation’s ability to decommission fully its nuclear units. In accordance with the NWPA and Generation’s contract with the DOE, Generation pays
the DOE ongoing fees per kWh of net nuclear generation for the cost of SNF disposal. This fee may be adjusted prospectively in order to ensure full cost recovery. On November 19, 2013, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of
Columbia Circuit ordered the DOE to submit to Congress a proposal to reduce the current SNF disposal fee to zero, unless and until there is a viable disposal program. Until such time as a new fee structure is in effect, Generation must continue to
pay the current SNF disposal fees. Furthermore, under its contract with the DOE, Generation would be required to pay the DOE a one-time SNF storage fee including interest of approximately $1 billion as of December 31, 2013, prior to the first
delivery of SNF. Generation currently estimates 2025 to be the earliest date when the DOE will begin accepting SNF, which could be delayed by further regulatory action. See Note 22 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on the spent nuclear fuel obligation. 

License renewals.
 Generation cannot assure that economics will support the continued operation of the facilities for all or any
portion of any renewed license period. If the NRC does not renew the operating licenses for Generation’s nuclear stations or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be
adversely affected by increased depreciation rates, impairment charges and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. In
addition, Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. 

As discussed above, in June 2012, the United States Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit vacated the NRC’s temporary storage rule. Generation
does not expect the NRC to issue license renewals until the end of 2014, at the earliest. 

Operational Risks 

The
Registrants’ employees, contractors, customers and the general public may be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and
customers and the general public may be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near their operations. As a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are at risk for serious injury, including loss of
life. Significant risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases.

Natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic and other significant events may adversely affect Exelon’s results of operations, its
ability to raise capital and its future growth. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Generation’s fleet of nuclear and fossil-fueled power plants and ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s distribution and transmission infrastructures could be affected by natural disasters, such as seismic
activity, more frequent and more extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface water availability, sea level rise and other related phenomena. Severe weather or other natural disasters could
be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme weather event within the Registrants’ service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers

58 

due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. Examples of such events include the June 2012 “Derecho” storm, which interrupted electric service delivery to
customers in BGE’s service territory, and the October 2012 category 1 hurricane, Hurricane Sandy, which interrupted electric service delivery to customers in PECO’s and BGE’s service territories and resulted in significant costs to
PECO and BGE for restoration efforts. 

Other events include
the 9.0 magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami experienced by Japan on March 11, 2011, that seriously damaged the nuclear units at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station, which are operated by Tokyo Electric Power Co., and the 5.8
magnitude earthquake and flooding associated with Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee that the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States experienced in 2011. These events increase the risk to Generation that the NRC or other regulatory or
legislative bodies may change the laws or regulations governing, among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning, SNF storage, insurance, emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological aspects. In
addition, natural disasters could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for Generation’s continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units. Additionally, natural
disasters and other events that have an adverse effect on the economy in general may adversely affect the Registrants’ operations and their ability to raise capital. 

Exelon does not know the impact that potential terrorist attacks could
have on the industry in general and on Exelon in particular. As owner-operators of infrastructure facilities, such as nuclear, fossil and hydroelectric generation facilities and electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, the
Registrants face a risk that their operations would be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect their operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes
in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. Furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cyber security of Exelon’s facilities, which could adversely affect Exelon’s
ability to manage its business effectively. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also may result in a decline in energy consumption, which may
adversely affect the Registrants’ results of operations and its ability to raise capital. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. 

The Registrants would be significantly affected by the outbreak of a
pandemic. Exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic. However, depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, the ability to operate its generating and transmission and
distribution assets could be affected, resulting in decreased service levels and increased costs. 

In addition, Exelon maintains a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property and casualty losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that may damage or
destroy assets or interrupt operations. However, there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and casualty losses. 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by matters
arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities. (Exelon and Generation) 

Nuclear capacity factors.
 Capacity factors for generating units, particularly capacity factors for nuclear generating units, significantly affect Generation’s results of operations. Nuclear
plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently, to be successful, Generation must consistently operate its
nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase Generation’s operating costs by requiring Generation to produce additional energy from primarily its fossil 

59 

facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy Generation’s obligations to committed third-party sales, including ComEd, PECO and BGE. These
sources generally have higher costs than Generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear stations. 

Nuclear refueling outages.
 In general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. The total number of
refueling outages, along with their duration, can have a significant impact on Generation’s results of operations. When refueling outages at wholly and co-owned plants last longer than anticipated or Generation experiences unplanned outages,
capacity factors decrease and Generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales. 

Nuclear fuel quality

. The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by Generation can affect the efficiency and costs of
Generation’s operations. Certain of Generation’s nuclear units have previously had a limited number of fuel performance issues. Remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage
costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities. 

Operational risk

. Operations at any of Generation’s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where Generation has to shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity.
If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. Generation may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. In either event,
Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. In addition, Generation may not achieve the anticipated results under its series of planned power uprates across its nuclear fleet. For
plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation may also incur liability to the co-owners. For plants not operated and not wholly owned by Generation, from which Generation receives a portion of the plants’ output,
Generation’s results of operations are dependent on the operational performance of the operators and could be adversely affected by a significant event at those plants. Additionally, poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by
Generation could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy, which could significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position. In addition, closure of generating plants owned by
others, or extended interruptions of generating plants or failure of transmission lines, could affect transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served by Generation. 

Nuclear major incident risk.
 Although the safety record
of nuclear reactors generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the United States and abroad. The consequences of a major incident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. Any
resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the United States, owned or operated by Generation or owned by others, may exceed Generation’s resources, including insurance coverage. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the
extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry, could be borne by Generation and could have a material adverse effect on Generation’s results of operations or financial position. Additionally, an accident or other significant event
at a nuclear plant within the United States or abroad, owned by others or Generation, may result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or
financial position. 

Nuclear insurance.
 As
required by the Price-Anderson Act, Generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance. The required amount of nuclear liability insurance is $375 million for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered
through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $13.6 billion limit for a single incident. 

Generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, NEIL,
which provides property and business interruption insurance for Generation’s nuclear operations. In previous years, NEIL has 

60 

made distributions to its members but Generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will occur at all. See Note 22 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional discussion of nuclear insurance. 

Decommissioning.
 NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds
will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for Generation’s two units that have been
retired) addressing Generation’s ability to meet the NRC-estimated funding levels including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the decommissioning trust funds. The NRC funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning
will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit. 

Forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. The performance of
capital markets also can significantly affect the value of the trust funds. Currently, Generation is making contributions to certain trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts being collected by PECO from its customers and remitted to
Generation. While Generation has recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional amounts from ComEd customers or from the previous owners of
Clinton, TMI Unit No. 1 and Oyster Creek generating stations, if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. If circumstances changed such that Generation would be unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of
the former PECO units based on amounts collected from PECO customers, or if Generation no longer had recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers if there was a shortfall of funds for decommissioning, the adequacy of the trust funds
related to the former PECO units may be negatively affected and Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations and financial position could be significantly affected. See Note 3 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information. 

Ultimately, if the investments
held by Generation’s NDTs are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of Generation’s nuclear plants, Generation may be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company
guarantees or making additional contributions to the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that current and future NRC minimum funding requirements are met. As a result, Generation’s cash flows
and financial position may be significantly adversely affected. See Note 15 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by risks arising
from its ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities. (Exelon and Generation) 

FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, Federal lands or connected to the interstate electric grid. The license for the Conowingo
Hydroelectric Project expires August 31, 2014, and the license for the Muddy Run Pumped Storage Project expires on September 1, 2014. Generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the renewed licenses
of its hydroelectric facilities. If FERC does not issue new operating licenses for Generation’s hydroelectric facilities or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be
adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. Generation may also
lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. In addition, conditions may be imposed as part of the license renewal process that may adversely affect operations, may require a substantial increase in
capital expenditures or may result in increased operating costs and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial 

61 

position. Similar effects may result from a change in the Federal Power Act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by
Generation. 

ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s operating costs,
and customers’ and regulators’ opinions of ComEd, PECO and BGE, respectively, are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery and operational systems. (Exelon, ComEd, PECO and BGE)

Failures of the equipment or facilities, including
information systems, used in ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s delivery systems can interrupt the electric transmission and electric and natural gas delivery, which could negatively impact related revenues, and increase maintenance and
capital expenditures. Equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including weather or information systems failure. Specifically, if the implementation of advanced metering infrastructure, smart grid or other technologies in
ComEd’s, PECO’s or BGE’s service territory fail to perform as intended or are not successfully integrated with billing and other information systems, ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows could be adversely affected. Furthermore, if any of the financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, ComEd’s, PECO’s or BGE’s financial results could be adversely
affected. If an employee causes the operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating the operational systems, ComEd’s, PECO’s or BGE’s financial results could also
be adversely affected. In addition, dependence upon automated systems may further increase the risk that operational system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. 

The aforementioned failures or those of other utilities, including
prolonged or repeated failures, can affect customer satisfaction and the level of regulatory oversight and ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s maintenance and capital expenditures. Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to
all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. Under Illinois law, however, ComEd can be required to pay damages to its customers in some
circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers, and those damages could be material to ComEd’s results of operations and cash flows. See Note 22 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information regarding proceedings related to storm-related outages in ComEd’s service territory. 

ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures may be negatively affected by transmission congestion. (Exelon, ComEd,
PECO and BGE) 

Demand for electricity within
ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations.
Also, insufficient availability of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulatory agency relationships. As with all
utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity or generation facility retirements could result in PJM or FERC requiring ComEd, PECO and BGE to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures.

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce may
negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate
replacements, may lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the Registrants. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time 

62 

period associated with skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may arise. The Registrants are
particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their generation, transmission and distribution operations. If the Registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately
qualified workforce, their results of operations could be negatively affected. 

The Registrants are subject to physical and information security risks. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

The Registrants face physical and information security risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission and distribution facilities. A
security breach of the physical assets or information systems of the Registrants, their competitors, RTOs and ISOs, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or
subject the Registrants to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including sensitive customer data. If a significant breach occurred, the reputation of Exelon and its customer supply
activities may be adversely affected, customer confidence in the Registrants or others in the industry may be diminished, or Exelon and its subsidiaries may be subject to legal claims, any of which may contribute to the loss of customers and have a
negative impact on the business and/or results of operations. ComEd’s, PECO’s and BGE’s deployment of smart meters throughout their service territories may increase the risk of damage from an intentional disruption of the system by
third parties. As a requirement of their SGIG grant, the DOE approved PECO’s and BGE’s cyber security plan related to its smart meter deployment and will review the plan annually through the expiration of the grant. As with most companies
in today’s environment, Exelon experiences attempts by hackers to infiltrate its corporate network. To date there have been no infiltrations that have resulted in loss of data or any significant effects on business operations. Exelon
utilizes a dedicated team of cyber security professionals to ensure the protection of its information and ability to conduct business operations. Despite the measures taken by the Registrants to prevent a security breach, the Registrants cannot
accurately assess the probability that a security breach may occur and are unable to quantify the potential impact of such an event. In addition, new or updated security regulations could require changes in current measures taken by the Registrants
or their business operations and could adversely affect their results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

The Registrants may make investments in new business initiatives, including initiatives mandated by regulators, and markets that may not be successful, and
acquisitions may not achieve the intended financial results. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd, PECO and BGE) 

Generation continuously looks to invest in new business initiatives and actively participate in new markets. These include, but are not limited to,
unconventional oil and gas exploration and production, residential power and gas sales, solar and wind generation, and managed load response. Such initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from
current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market. As these markets mature, there may be new market entrants or expansion by
established competitors that increase competition for customers and resources. Additionally, it is possible that FERC, state public utility commissions or others may impose certain other restrictions on such transactions. All of these factors could
result in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in lower than planned returns on investment. ComEd, PECO and BGE face risks associated with the Smart Grid mandated regulatory initiative. These risks include, but are not limited to,
cost recovery, regulatory concerns, cyber security and obsolescence of technology. Due to these risks, no assurance can be given that such initiatives will be successful and will not have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s, PECO’s or
BGE’s financial results. 

63 

Risks Related to the Merger 

Exelon may encounter unexpected difficulties or costs in meeting commitments it
made under various orders and agreements associated with regulatory approvals for the Constellation merger. 

As a result of the process to obtain regulatory approvals required for the Constellation merger, Exelon is committed to various programs,
contributions, investments and market mitigation measures in several settlement agreements and regulatory approval orders. It is possible that Exelon may encounter delays, unexpected difficulties or costs in meeting these commitments in compliance
with the terms of the relevant agreements and orders. Failure to fulfill the commitments in accordance with their terms could result in increased costs or result in penalties or fines that could adversely affect Exelon’s financial position and
operating results. 

Risks Related to the Pending Master Agreement with
CENG 

The integration of CENG’s nuclear fleet may not
achieve its anticipated results, and Exelon and Generation may not be able to fully integrate the operations of CENG in the manner expected. 

Exelon, Generation and subsidiaries of Generation entered into a Master Agreement with EDF, EDF Inc. (EDFI) (a subsidiary of EDF) and CENG that will
result in Generation operating the CENG nuclear generation fleet. The Master Agreement was entered into with the expectation that it will result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. Achieving
the anticipated benefits of the agreement is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether CENG can be integrated into Generation in an efficient, effective and timely manner. Integration will take place, and additional agreements will be
signed, upon receipt of regulatory approvals for the transfer of CENG’s nuclear operating licences to Generation. 

It is possible that the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of
Generation’s business, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies, valuation models, and compensation arrangements. In addition, Generation may have difficulty addressing possible
differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect Generation’s ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the agreement as and when expected. Failure to achieve these
anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect Generation’s future business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.