The Registrants each operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond their control. Management of each Registrant regularly evaluates the most significant risks of the
Registrant’s businesses and discusses those risks with the Risk Oversight Committee of the Exelon Board of Directors and the ComEd and PECO Boards of Directors. The risk factors below, as well as the risks discussed in ITEM 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation—Exelon—Liquidity and Capital Resources, may adversely affect the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows and the market prices of
their publicly traded securities. Each of the Registrants has disclosed the material risks known to it to affect its business at this time. However, there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently
believed to be material that may in the future adversely affect its performance or financial condition. 

General Business 

The following risk
factors may adversely impact several or all of the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. 

Due to the national and world-wide financial crisis, potential disruptions in the capital and credit markets as well as increased volatility in commodity markets may adversely affect the Registrants’ businesses,
including the availability and cost of new short-term funds for liquidity requirements, their ability to meet long-term commitments, Generation’s ability to hedge effectively its generation portfolio, and the competitiveness and liquidity of
energy markets; each could adversely affect the Registrants’ financial condition, results of operations and cash flows (including the ability to pay dividends or fund other discretionary uses of cash such as growth projects). 

The Registrants rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as
well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from the Registrants’ respective operations. Generation and ComEd also use letters of
credit issued under their revolving credit facilities to support their operations. Further disruptions in the capital and credit markets, or further deterioration of the banks’ financial condition could adversely affect the Registrants’
ability to draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. The Registrants’ access to funds under those credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments.
Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the Registrants if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from the Registrants and other borrowers within a
short period of time. 

Longer term disruptions in the capital and credit
markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect the Registrants’ access to liquidity needed for their respective businesses. Any
disruption could require the Registrants to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for their business needs can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital
expenditures, changing Generation’s hedging strategy to reduce collateral-posting requirements, and reducing dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. 

The strength and depth of competition in competitive energy markets depends heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could
be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets
that are 

38 

important to the respective businesses of the Registrants. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater
regulation of those markets or attempts to replace those market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts such as the financial swap contract between Generation and ComEd as described
further in Note 3 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which could have a material adverse effect on Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations and cash flows. 

Continued market disruptions could cause broader economic downturns, which may lead to
lower demand for electricity and increased incidence of customers’ inability to pay their accounts. In addition, the slowing world economy could lead to lower international demand for coal, oil and natural gas, which may lower fossil fuel
prices and put downward pressure on electricity prices. These events would adversely impact the Registrants’ results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

The disruptions in capital and credit markets have also resulted in higher interest coupons on publicly issued debt securities, increased costs
associated with commercial paper borrowing and under bank credit facilities, increased costs for certain variable interest rate debt securities of the Registrants and failed remarketings of tax-exempt variable interest rate debt issued to finance
certain of the Registrants’ facilities. Continuation of these disruptions would increase the Registrants’ interest expense and adversely affect their results of operations. 

The disruption in the capital markets and its actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy also
adversely affect the value of the investments held within Exelon’s employee benefit plan trusts and Generation’s nuclear decommissioning trusts. Significant declines in the value of the investments held within Exelon’s employee
benefit plan trusts will require the Registrants to increase contributions to those trusts to meet future funding requirements if the actual asset returns do not recover these declines in value in the foreseeable future and may adversely impact
Exelon’s and its subsidiaries’ results of operations, cash flows and financial positions, including their shareholders’ equity. In addition, a significant decline in the market value of the nuclear decommissioning trust funds may
require Exelon and Generation to increase contributions to those trusts to meet future funding requirements and may adversely impact Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations, cash flows and financial positions. 

Exelon’s generation and energy delivery businesses are highly regulated. Fundamental changes in
regulation could disrupt Exelon’s business plans and adversely affect its operations and financial results. 

Substantially all aspects of the businesses of Exelon and its subsidiaries are subject to comprehensive Federal or state regulation. Further, Exelon’s
operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent upon the ability of its generation business to sell power at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and the ability of its energy delivery businesses to
recover their costs for purchased power and their costs of distribution of power to their customers. In its business planning and in the management of its operations, Exelon must address the effects of regulation of its businesses and changes in the
regulatory framework, including initiatives by Federal and state legislatures, RTOs, ratemaking jurisdictions and taxing authorities. In particular, state and Federal legislative and regulatory bodies are facing pressures to address consumer
concerns that energy prices in wholesale markets exceed the marginal cost of operating nuclear plants, claims that this difference is evidence that the competitive model is not working, and resulting calls for some form of re-regulation, the
elimination of marginal pricing, the imposition of a generation tax, or some other means of reducing the earnings of Generation and its competitors. As the energy markets continue to mature, a low number of wholesale market power participants
entering procurement proceedings may also influence how certain regulators and legislators view the effectiveness of these competitive 

39 

markets. Although Exelon does not agree with these positions by some regulators and legislators, the effectiveness of Exelon in meeting these challenges may affect its
operating results and cash flows and the value of its generation and energy delivery assets. Fundamental changes in the nature of the regulation of Exelon’s businesses would require changes in its business planning models and could adversely
affect its operating results and the value of its assets. 

Market performance and
other changes may decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding. 

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations to decommission Generation’s
nuclear plants and under Exelon’s pension and postretirement benefit plans. The Registrants have significant obligations in these areas and Exelon and Generation hold significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market
fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below the Registrants’ projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the pension and postretirement benefit plan assets, as was experienced in 2008, will increase the
funding requirements under Exelon’s pension and postretirement benefit plans if the actual asset returns do not recover these declines in value in the foreseeable future. Additionally, Exelon’s pension and postretirement benefit plan
liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of
retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Also, if future increases in pension and other postretirement costs
as a result of reduced plan assets are not recoverable from PECO and ComEd customers, the results of operations and financial position of the Exelon could be negatively affected. In addition, a decline in the market value of the nuclear
decommissioning trust fund investments, as was experienced in 2008, may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission Generation’s nuclear plants. Ultimately, if the Registrants are unable to successfully manage the
decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, their results of operations and financial positions could be negatively affected. See “Generation, Nuclear Operating Risks, Decommissioning” for additional information. 

Legislators or regulators may respond to anticipated increases in rates following the end of the
retail electric generation rate cap transition period in Pennsylvania on December 31, 2010 by enacting laws or regulations aimed at restricting or controlling those rates or by establishing rate relief programs that could require significant
funding from PECO and/or Generation that could adversely affect PECO and/or Generation’s results of operations. 

In Pennsylvania, despite the decrease during 2008 in wholesale electricity market prices, legislators and regulators have still expressed concern regarding the
transition to market-based retail electric generation rates. Although Act 129 provides guidelines associated with electricity procurement that support competitive, market-based procurement, elected officials have suggested rate-cap extensions,
rate-increase deferrals and phase-ins, a generation tax and contributions of value (potentially billions of dollars statewide) by Pennsylvania utility companies toward rate-relief programs. PECO and Generation cannot predict whether any of these
measures will become law or whether elected officials might take action that could have a material impact on the procurement process. If the price which PECO is allowed to bill to customers for electricity is below PECO’s cost to procure and
deliver electricity, PECO expects that it will suffer adverse consequences, which could be material. 

40 

The Illinois Settlement Legislation enacted in 2007 providing rate relief to Illinois electric customers and requiring other
changes in the electric industry in lieu of harmful alternatives such as rate freezes, caps, or a tax on generation, could be reversed or modified by new legislation that could be harmful to ComEd and Generation. 

The Illinois Settlement Legislation enacted in 2007 reflects the Illinois Settlement
reached by ComEd, Generation, and other utilities and generators in Illinois with various parties concluding discussions of measures to address higher electric bills experienced in Illinois since the end of the legislatively mandated transition and
rate freeze at the end of 2006. The Illinois Settlement Legislation addressed those concerns without implementing a rate freeze, generation tax, or other alternative measures that Exelon believes would have been harmful to consumers of electricity,
electric utilities, generators of electricity and the State of Illinois. For more information regarding potential risks associated with such legislation, see “Illinois Settlement Agreement” and “Retail Electric Services” in
ITEM 1 of this Form 10-K. Although the Illinois Settlement Legislation allows the contributors to the rate relief to terminate their funding commitments and recover any undisbursed funds set aside for rate relief in the event that, prior to
August 1, 2011, the Illinois General Assembly passes legislation that freezes or reduces electric rates of or imposes a generation tax on parties to the Illinois Settlement, there is no guarantee that such legislation will not be passed and
enacted in Illinois. The experience in Illinois in 2007 suggests a risk that the Illinois General Assembly may threaten extreme measures again in the future in an attempt to force electric utilities and generators to make further concessions. Such
legislation, if enacted, could have a material adverse effect on ComEd and Generation’s results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 

Changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact the Registrants’ results of
operations. 

1999 sale of fossil generating assets.

The IRS has challenged Exelon’s 1999 tax position on an involuntary conversion and like-kind exchange transaction. If the IRS is successful in its challenge, it would accelerate future income tax payments and increase interest expense
related to the deferred tax gain that becomes currently payable. As of December 31, 2008, Exelon’s and ComEd’s potential cash outflow, including tax and interest (after tax), could be as much as $1 billion excluding penalties. If
the deferral were successfully challenged by the IRS, it could negatively affect Exelon’s and ComEd’s results of operations by up to $199 million (after tax) related to interest expense. The timing of the final resolution of this
matter is unknown. See Note 11 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Tax reserves and the recoverability of deferred tax assets. 
The Registrants are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to
taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeals issues related to these tax matters. These judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax
positions that have been taken that may be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. The Registrants also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been
reflected, and tax credits. See Notes 1 and 11 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Increases in taxes and fees. 
Due to the revenue needs of the states and jurisdictions in which the Registrants operate, various tax and fee increases
may be proposed or considered. The Registrants cannot predict whether legislation or regulation will be introduced, the form of any legislation or regulation, whether any such legislation or regulation will be passed by the state legislatures or
regulatory bodies, or, if enacted, whether any such legislation or regulation would be effective retroactively or prospectively. If enacted, these changes could increase tax expense and could have a negative impact on the Registrants’ results
of operations and cash flows. 

41 

In August 2007, the Governor of Illinois signed Illinois Senate Bill (SB) 1544 into law, which became effective
January 1, 2008. SB 1544 provided for new rules related to the sourcing of receipts from services for Illinois income tax purposes. These rules generally sourced receipts from services based upon where the benefit of the service was
realized. In January 2008, the Governor of Illinois signed Illinois SB 783 into law, which amended certain provisions of SB 1544, including the rules pursuant to which receipts from services should be sourced for Illinois income tax
purposes. Pursuant to SB 783, receipts from services generally should be sourced based upon where the services are received. On December 26, 2008, the Illinois Department of Revenue proposed regulations prescribing where utility
services are received. These proposed regulations are susceptible to change until they are finalized, which is not expected to occur until March 2009 at the earliest. Exelon will assess the impact that SB 783 may have on its financial position,
results of operations and cash flows once the Illinois Department of Revenue finalizes regulations prescribing where utility services are received, which as stated above, is not expected to occur until March 2009. The impact may be material.

Exelon’s holding company structure could limit its ability to pay dividends.

Exelon is a holding company with no material assets other than the
investment in its subsidiaries. Accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. Exelon’s ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends by its operating subsidiaries. The payments of
dividends to Exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on several factors including their results of operations and cash flows. The Federal Power Act declares it to be unlawful for any officer or director of any public utility “to participate
in the making or paying of any dividends of such public utility from any funds properly included in capital account.” What constitutes “funds properly included in capital account” is undefined in the Federal Power Act or the related
regulations; however, FERC has consistently interpreted the provision to allow dividends to be paid as long as (1) the source of the dividends is clearly disclosed, (2) the dividend is not excessive and (3) there is no self-dealing on
the part of corporate officials. In addition, under Illinois law, ComEd may not pay any dividend on its stock, unless, among other things, its earnings and earned surplus are sufficient to declare and pay a dividend after provision is made for
reasonable and proper reserves, or unless ComEd has specific authorization from the ICC. During 2008, 2007 and 2006, ComEd did not pay any dividend. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding fund transfer restrictions. 

The Registrants may incur
substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters. 

The businesses in which the Registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state and Federal authorities. These laws and
regulations affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. These regulations affect how the Registrants handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal and are an important aspect of their
operations. Violations of these emission and disposal requirements can subject the Registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve
compliance, remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties’ claims for alleged health or property damages. In addition, the Registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediation of
environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the Registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. The Registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental
compliance, site remediation and clean-up. Remediation activities associated with MGP operations conducted by predecessor companies will be one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating
to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. 

42 

Generation will incur material costs of compliance if regulations under Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act
require retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at nuclear and fossil power plants owned by Generation. Additionally, Generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly
owned generation facilities. Future legislative action could require Generation to make a material contribution to a fund to settle lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure. 

In some cases, a third party who has acquired assets from a Registrant has assumed the
liability the Registrant may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. If the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold the Registrant
responsible, and the Registrant’s remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Exelon and Generation may incur material costs of compliance if Federal and/or state legislation is
adopted to address climate change. 

Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other companies in many business sectors, including utilities, are considering ways to address the effect
of GHG emissions on climate change. Select Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states have developed a model rule, via the RGGI, to regulate CO
2

 emissions from fossil-fired
generation in participating states starting in 2009. Federal and/or state legislation to reduce GHG emissions is likely to evolve in the future. If these plans become effective, Exelon and Generation may incur material costs either to additionally
limit the GHG emissions from their operations or to procure emission allowance credits. The nature and extent of environmental regulation may also impact the ability of Exelon and its subsidiaries to meet the GHG emission reduction targets of Exelon
2020. For example, more stringent permitting requirements may preclude the construction of low carbon nuclear and gas-fired power plants. Similarly, a Federal RPS could increase the cost of compliance by mandating the purchase or construction of
more expensive supply alternatives. For more information regarding climate change, see “Global Climate Change” in ITEM 1 of this Form 10-K. 

The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards. 

As a result of the Energy Policy Act, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including Generation, ComEd and
PECO, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. These standards, which previously were being applied on a voluntary basis, became mandatory on June 18, 2007. The standards are based on the
functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and is guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with new reliability standards may subject the Registrants to higher operating costs
and/or increased capital expenditures. In addition, the ICC and PAPUC impose certain distribution reliability standards on ComEd and PECO, respectively. If the Registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards,
they could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. 

Exelon
and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance. 

Exelon and certain of its subsidiaries have issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate Exelon and its subsidiaries to perform in the
event that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by the third parties, Exelon and its subsidiaries could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. Such performance guarantees could have a

43 

material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of Exelon and its subsidiaries. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information. 

Results of operations may be
negatively affected by increasing costs. 

Inflation affects the
Registrants through increased operating costs and increased capital costs for plant and equipment. In addition, the Registrants face rising medical benefit costs, including the current costs for active and retired employees. These medical benefit
costs are increasing at a rate that is significantly greater than the rate of general inflation. Additionally, it is possible that these costs may increase at a rate which is higher than anticipated by the Registrants. If the Registrants are unable
to successfully manage their medical benefit costs, pension costs, or other increasing costs, their results of operations could be negatively affected. 

The Registrants’ employees, contractors, customers and the general public may be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry. 

Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the
general public may be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near operations. As a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are at risk for serious injury, including loss of life. Significant risks include
nuclear accidents, gas explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases. A serious event may exceed the Registrants’ insurance coverage and may significantly impact the Registrants’ results of operations or financial position.

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce may negatively
impact the Registrants’ results of operations. 

Certain events,
such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, may lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the Registrants. The challenges include lack of resources,
loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. If the Registrants are unable to successfully
attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations could be negatively affected. 

War, acts and threats of terrorism, natural disaster and other significant events may adversely affect Exelon’s results of operations, its ability to raise capital and its
future growth. 

Exelon does not know the impact that any future
terrorist attacks may have on the industry in general and on Exelon in particular. In addition, any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect its operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and
disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. The possibility alone that infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation, electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, would be direct targets of, or indirect
casualties of, an act of terror may affect Exelon’s operations. Additionally, natural disasters and other events that have an adverse effect on the economy in general may adversely affect Exelon’s operations and its ability to raise
capital. A lower level of economic activity might result in a decline in energy consumption, which may adversely affect Exelon’s revenues or restrict its future growth. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural
disasters, credit crises, recession or other factors also may affect Exelon’s results of operations and its ability to raise capital. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to
continue to result in increased costs. 

44 

Additionally, Exelon is affected by changes in weather and the occurrence of hurricanes, storms and other natural
disasters in its service territory and throughout the U.S. Severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive which could result in increased costs including supply chain costs. See “Environmental Regulation” in ITEM 1 of
this Form 10-K for additional information. 

Generation 

Market Transition Risks 

Generation’s business may be negatively affected by the restructuring of the energy industry. 

RTOs. 
Generation is dependent on wholesale energy markets and open
transmission access and rights by which Generation delivers power to its wholesale customers, including ComEd and PECO. Generation uses the wholesale regional energy markets to sell power that Generation does not need to satisfy its long-term
contractual obligations, and to purchase power to meet obligations not provided by its own resources. These wholesale markets allow Generation to take advantage of market price opportunities but also expose Generation to market risk. 

Wholesale markets have only been implemented in certain areas of the country and each
market has unique features, which may create trading barriers among the markets. Approximately 80% of Generation’s generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the
region encompassed by PJM. Generation’s future results of operations will depend on (1) FERC’s continued adherence to and support for policies that favor the development of competitive wholesale power markets, such as the PJM market,
and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect the competitiveness of the PJM market, such as, for example, withdrawal of significant participants from the regional wholesale
markets. Generation could also be adversely affected by efforts of state legislatures and regulatory authorities to respond to the concerns of consumers or others about rising costs of energy that are reflected through wholesale markets. 

Competitive Electric Generation Suppliers. 
Because retail customers in
both Illinois and Pennsylvania can switch from ComEd or PECO to a competitive electric generation supplier for their energy needs, planning to meet Generation’s obligation to provide the supply needed to serve Generation’s share of the
ComEd load and to supply PECO with all of the energy PECO needs to fulfill its default service obligation is more difficult than planning for retail load before the advent of retail competition. Before retail competition, the primary variables
affecting projections of load were weather and the economy. With retail competition, another major factor is the ability of retail customers to switch to competitive electric generation suppliers. If fewer of such customers switch from ComEd or PECO
than Generation anticipates, the ComEd and/or PECO load that Generation must serve will be greater than anticipated, which could, if market prices have increased, increase Generation’s costs (due to its need to go to market to cover its
incremental supply obligation) more than the increase in Generation’s revenues. If more of such customers switch than Generation anticipates, the ComEd and /or PECO load that Generation must serve will be lower than anticipated, which could, if
market prices have decreased, cause Generation to lose opportunities in the market. 

Generation may be negatively affected by possible Federal legislative or regulatory actions that could weaken competition in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules in the RTO markets. 

The criticism of restructured electricity markets, which has escalated in recent years
as retail rate freezes expired and prices of electricity increased with rising fuel prices, is expected to continue in 2009. A number of advocacy groups have urged FERC to reconsider its support of competitive wholesale electricity markets and
require the RTOs to revise the rules governing the RTO-administered markets. In particular, the advocacy groups oppose the RTOs’ use of a “single clearing price” for electricity sold in the RTO markets utilizing locational marginal
pricing. FERC conducted conferences 

45 

which led to a rulemaking on Wholesale Competition in Regions with Organized Electric Markets. On October 17, 2008, FERC issued a Final Rule, Order No. 719,
to improve the operation of organized wholesale electric markets in the areas of (1) demand response and market pricing during periods of operating reserve shortage; (2) long-term power contracting; (3) market-monitoring policies; and
(4) the responsiveness of RTOs and independent system operators (ISOs). A number of entities have filed requests for rehearing with FERC. The outcome of this FERC rulemaking process could significantly affect Generation’s results of
operations, financial position and cash flows. 

In addition, on
June 21, 2007, FERC issued a Final Rule on Market-Based Rates for Wholesale Sales of Electric Energy, Capacity and Ancillary Services by Public Utilities. FERC provided clarification to the Final Rule on December 14, 2007. The Final Rule
made a number of changes in FERC’s market-based rate analysis and required a market power update filing by Generation, ComEd and PECO, which was made on January 14, 2008. As discussed in more detail in Note 3 of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, on January 15, 2009, FERC issued an order accepting Exelon’s filing, and therefore affirmed that Exelon’s affiliates with market-based rates can continue to make market-based sales. Accordingly, the
application of the Final Rule has not had and is not currently expected to have a material adverse effect on Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations, although the longer term impact will depend on how FERC applies the Final Rule as
its enforcement of the rule matures with time and experience. 

Due to its dependence
on its two most significant customers, ComEd and PECO, Generation will be negatively affected in the event of non-performance or change in the creditworthiness of either of its most significant customers. 

Generation currently provides power under procurement contracts with ComEd for a
significant portion of ComEd’s electricity supply requirements and a PPA with PECO to meet 100% of PECO’s electricity supply requirements. In addition, Generation entered into a five-year financial swap contract with ComEd, effective
August 2007, to hedge a portion of ComEd’s electricity supply requirements. Consequently, Generation is highly dependent on ComEd’s and PECO’s continued payments under these procurement contracts and the PPA and would be adversely
affected by negative events affecting these agreements, including the non-performance or a change in the creditworthiness of either ComEd or PECO. A default by ComEd or PECO under these agreements would have an adverse effect on Generation’s
results of operations and financial position. 

Generation’s affiliation with
ComEd and PECO, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of Generation’s physical asset base within the ComEd and PECO service territories, could increase Generation’s cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or
challenges regarding ComEd and PECO retail rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by Generation. 

Generation has significant generating resources within the service areas of ComEd and PECO and makes significant sales to each of them. Those facts tend to cause
Generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. Government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of Generation’s affiliation with ComEd and PECO, and its sales to each of them. In periods of rising utility
rates, particularly when driven by increased costs of energy production and supply, those officials and advocacy groups may question or challenge costs incurred by ComEd or PECO, including transactions between Generation, on the one hand, and ComEd
or PECO, on the other hand, regardless of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. The prospect of such challenges may increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the
occurrence of such challenges may subject Generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. In addition, government officials and legislators may seek ways to force Generation to contribute to efforts to
mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based taxes and contributions to rate relief packages. 

46 

Generation may not be able to effectively respond to competition in the energy industry. 

Generation’s financial performance depends in part on its ability to respond to
competition in the energy industry. As a result of industry restructuring, numerous generation companies created by the disaggregation of vertically integrated utilities have become active in the wholesale power generation business. In addition,
independent power producers have become prevalent in the wholesale power industry. The new generating facilities of these market entrants may be more efficient than some of Generation’s existing facilities and will increase available capacity
relative to demand for electricity, which could have an adverse effect on Generation’s results of operations or financial condition. 

Generation may not be able to effectively respond to increased demand for energy. 

Generation’s financial growth depends in part on its ability to respond to increased demand for energy. As the demand for electricity rises in the future,
it may be necessary for the market to increase capacity through the construction of new generating facilities. Development by Generation of new generating facilities would require the commitment of substantial capital resources, including access to
the capital markets. The wholesale markets for electricity and the Illinois and Pennsylvania statutes contemplate that future generation will be built in those markets at the risk of market participants. Thus, the ability of Generation to recover
the costs of and to earn an adequate return on any future investment in generating facilities will be dependent on its ability to build, finance and efficiently operate facilities that are competitive in those markets. Additionally, construction of
new generating facilities by Generation in markets in which it currently competes would be subject to market concentration tests administered by FERC. If Generation cannot pass these tests administered by FERC, it could be limited in how it responds
to increased demand for energy. 

Nuclear Operations Risks 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by liabilities arising from its
ownership and operation of nuclear facilities. 

Nuclear
capacity factors.
 Capacity factors, particularly nuclear capacity factors, significantly affect Generation’s results of operations. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low
variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently, to be successful, Generation must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase
Generation’s operating costs by requiring Generation to generate additional energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy Generation’s obligations to ComEd and
PECO and other committed third-party sales. These sources generally have higher costs than Generation incurs to generate energy from its nuclear stations. 

Nuclear refueling outages.
 Refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and currently average approximately
24 days in duration for the nuclear plants operated by Generation. The total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, can have a significant impact on Generation’s results of operations. When refueling outages at wholly and
co-owned plants last longer than anticipated or Generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and Generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales. Each 24-day outage, depending on
the capacity of the station, will decrease the total nuclear annual capacity factor between 0.3% and 0.5%. The number of refueling outages, including the co-owned Salem plant operated by PSEG, was 12 in 2008 with 10 planned for 2009. The projected
total non-fuel capital expenditures for the nuclear plants operated by Generation will increase in 2009 compared to 2008 by approximately $223 million as Generation continues to invest in equipment upgrades that ensure safe reliable operations and
provide for generation increases due to equipment efficiency improvements. Total operating and maintenance expenditures for the nuclear plants operated by 

47 

Generation are expected to decrease by approximately $6 million in 2009 compared to 2008 as a result of two less planned refueling outages in 2009 as compared to 2008,
partially offset by inflationary cost increases. 

Nuclear fuel
quality

. The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by Generation can affect the efficiency and costs of Generation’s operations. Certain of Generation’s nuclear units have previously had a limited number of fuel performance
issues. Remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities. It is difficult to predict the cost for unknown potential
future issues and any required remediation actions. 

Spent nuclear
fuel storage. 
The approval of a national repository for the storage of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain, Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with
storage of spent nuclear fuel, and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse Generation for these costs. Through the NRC’s “waste confidence” rule, the NRC has determined that, if necessary, spent fuel generated in any
reactor can be stored safely and without significant environmental impacts for at least 30 years beyond the licensed life for operation, which may include the term of a revised or renewed license of that reactor, at its spent fuel storage basin or
at either onsite or offsite independent spent fuel storage installations. Any regulatory action relating to the availability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel may adversely affect Generation’s ability to fully decommission its nuclear
units. 

Environmental risk. 
If application of the
Section 316(b) regulations establishing a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to aquatic organisms at existing generating stations requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at Oyster Creek, Salem or other
Exelon power plants, this could result in material costs of compliance. In addition, the amount of the costs required to retrofit Oyster Creek may negatively impact Generation’s decision to operate the plant after the 316(b) matter is
ultimately resolved. 

License renewals.
 Generation cannot
assure that economics will support the continued operation of the facilities for all or any portion of any renewed license. If the NRC does not renew the operating licenses for Generation’s nuclear stations or a station cannot be operated
through the end of its operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates, impairment charges and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and
decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. In addition, Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. 

Should a national policy for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel not be developed, the
unavailability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel could become a consideration by the NRC during future nuclear license renewal proceedings, including applications for new licenses, and may affect Generation’s ability to fully decommission
its nuclear units. 

Regulatory risk

. The NRC may
modify, suspend or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. A change in the Atomic Energy Act
or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial
position. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation, may cause the NRC to initiate such actions. 

Operational risk

. Operations at any of Generation’s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where Generation has to shut down
the plant or operate at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. Generation 

48 

may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. In either event, Generation may lose revenue and
incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. For plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation may also incur liability to the co-owners. For the plant not wholly owned by Generation and operated by
PSEG, Salem Units 1 and 2, from which Generation receives its share of the plant’s output, Generation is dependent on the operational performance of the co-owner operator. 

Nuclear accident risk

. Although the safety record of nuclear reactors, including Generation’s, generally has
been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the United States and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear
accident may exceed Generation’s resources, including insurance coverages, and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position. 

Nuclear insurance. 
As required by the Price-Anderson Act, Generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability
insurance (currently $300 million for each operating site). Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear
industry to pay claims exceeding the $12.52 billion limit for a single incident. 

Generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited (NEIL), which provides property and business interruption insurance for Generation’s nuclear operations. In recent years, NEIL has made
distributions to its members. Generation’s portion of the NEIL distribution for 2008 was $28 million, which was recorded as a reduction to operating and maintenance expenses in its Consolidated Statement of Operations. Generation cannot predict
the level of future distributions or if they will continue at all. 

Decommissioning.
 NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to
decommission the facility. Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for Generation’s five units that have been retired or are within five years of the current approved license life) addressing
Generation’s ability to meet the NRC-estimated funding levels including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the decommissioning trust funds. The NRC funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning will commence after
the end of the current licensed life of each unit. 

Forecasting trust
fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. The performance of capital markets also can significantly affect the
value of the trust funds. Currently, Generation is making contributions only to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts being collected by PECO from its customers and remitted to Generation. While Generation has recourse to collect
additional amounts from PECO customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional amounts from ComEd customers or from the previous owners of the AmerGen plants, if there is a shortfall of funds
necessary for decommissioning. If circumstances changed such that Generation were unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts collected from PECO customers, or if Generation no longer had
recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers if there was a shortfall of funds for decommissioning, the value and adequacy of the trust funds related to the former PECO units may be negatively affected. 

Ultimately, if the investments held by Generation’s nuclear decommissioning trusts
are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of Generation’s nuclear plants, Generation may be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company 

49 

guarantees or make additional contributions to the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that NRC minimum funding
requirements are met. As a result, Generation’s cash flows and financial position may be significantly adversely affected. See Note 12 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Other Operating Risks 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other risk factors associated with the
procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel. 

Generation depends on
nuclear fuel, coal, natural gas and oil to operate its generating facilities. Nuclear fuel is obtained through long-term uranium concentrate inventory and supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services and fuel
fabrication services. Coal, natural gas and oil are procured for generating plants through annual, short-term and spot-market purchases. The supply markets for nuclear fuel, coal, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability
restrictions and counterparty default that may negatively affect the results of operations for Generation. It is not possible to predict the ultimate cost or availability of these commodities. 

Financial performance and load requirements may be adversely affected if Generation is unable to
effectively manage its power portfolio. 

A significant portion of
Generation’s power portfolio is used to provide power under a long-term PPA with PECO and procurement contracts with ComEd and other customers. To the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, Generation’s
output is sold on the wholesale market. To the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the related agreements, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Generation’s
financial results may be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio and effectively handle the changes in the wholesale power markets. 

Generation is exposed to price fluctuations and other risks of the wholesale power market that are
beyond its control, which may negatively impact its results of operations. 

Generation fulfills its energy commitments from the output of the generating facilities that it owns as well as through buying electricity under long-term and short-term contracts in both the wholesale bilateral and spot markets. The excess
or deficiency of energy owned or controlled by Generation compared to its obligations exposes Generation to the risks of rising and falling prices in those markets, and Generation’s cash flows may vary accordingly. Generation’s cash flows
from generation that is not used to meet Generation’s long-term supply commitments are largely dependent on wholesale prices of electricity and Generation’s ability to successfully market energy, capacity and ancillary services.

The wholesale spot market price of electricity for each hour is
generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. Many times, the next unit of electricity supplied would be supplied from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels, primarily natural gas.
Consequently, the open-market wholesale price of electricity likely reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert natural gas to electricity. Therefore, changes in the supply and cost of natural gas generally affect the open market
wholesale price of electricity. 

Credit Risk.
 In the
bilateral markets, Generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe Generation money, energy or fuel will not perform their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to
perform, Generation might be 

50 

forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid
to the counterparties. In the spot markets, Generation is exposed to the risks of whatever default mechanisms exist in that market, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all participants, which may or may not be an effective way of
lessening the severity of the risk and the amounts at stake. Generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. In addition, the retail businesses
subject Generation to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities that serve commercial and industrial companies. Retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. This risk
represents the loss that may be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer’s accounts receivable balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer. 

Risk of Credit Downgrades
. Generation’s trading business is
subject to credit quality standards. At December 31, 2008, Generation had posted $93 million in letters of credit with various exchange floor clearing members and had no cash collateral deposit payments being held by the same floor clearing
members. Generation was holding $758 million of cash collateral deposits received from counterparties and received $161 million of letters of credit posted from counterparties. If Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit
rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating) or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under trading agreements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may
have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. If Generation had been downgraded to the investment grade rating of BBB- and Baa3 as of December 31, 2008, it would have been required to provide an insignificant amount of incremental
collateral. If Generation had lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2008, it would have been required to provide incremental collateral of approximately $830 million. The amount of collateral required to be provided by
Generation at any point in time is dependent on a variety of factors, including (1) notional amount of trading positions, (2) nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes in power or other commodity prices. In
addition, if Generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. Generation could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies conclude that the level of business or
financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the power generation industry or Generation has deteriorated. Changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of Generation. The $830 million
includes $218 million of financial assurances that Generation would be required to provide NEIL related to annual retrospective premium obligations. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Immature Markets. 
The wholesale spot markets are evolving
markets that vary from region to region and are still developing practices and procedures. Problems in or the failure of any of these markets, as was experienced in California in 2000, could adversely affect Generation’s business. 

Hedging.
 Power Team buys and sells energy and other products in the
wholesale markets and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in Generation’s power generation portfolio. The proportion of hedged positions in its power generation portfolio may cause volatility in
Generation’s future results of operations. 

Weather

. Generation’s operations are affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. To the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than
assumed, Generation may require greater resources to meet its contractual requirements. Extreme weather conditions or storms may affect the availability of generation and its transmission, limiting Generation’s ability to source or send power
to where it is sold. These conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, may have an adverse effect by causing Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when
those markets are weak. 

51 

Generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading activities.

Power Team’s power marketing, fuel procurement and other
commodity trading activities related to its economic hedging and proprietary trading activities expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and
risk management procedures. These risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on
projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related
commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management
decisions may have on its business, operating results or financial position. 

Generation’s business is capital intensive and the costs of capital projects may be significant. 

Generation’s business is capital intensive and requires significant investments in energy generation and in other internal infrastructure projects. For
example, Generation is considering building a new nuclear plant in southeast Texas and plans to expend substantial resources for evaluation, development and permitting of the project, site acquisition and long-lead procurement. In addition,
Generation is evaluating the development of a 600-megawatt combined-cycle natural gas plant in Pennsylvania. Substantial additional resources would be required for the construction of these plants if decisions are made to build. Achieving the
intended benefits of a large capital project of this type is subject to a number of uncertainties. Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected if Generation were unable to effectively manage its capital projects. 

Generation’s long-lived assets may become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the
impaired amounts. 

Generation evaluates the carrying value of
long-lived assets to be held and used for impairment whenever indications of impairment exist in accordance with the requirements of SFAS No. 144. The carrying value of long-lived assets is considered impaired when the projected undiscounted
cash flows are less than the carrying value. In that event, a loss would be recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Fair value is determined primarily by available market valuations or, if applicable,
discounted cash flows. Factors such as the business climate, including current energy and market conditions, and the condition of an asset are considered when evaluating long-lived assets for impairment. An impairment would require Generation to
reduce the long-lived asset through a charge to expense by the amount of the impairment, and such an impairment could have a material adverse impact on Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations 

ComEd 

Exelon’s and ComEd’s goodwill may become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts. 

Exelon and ComEd both had approximately $2.6 billion of goodwill recorded at
December 31, 2008 in connection with the merger between PECO and Unicom Corporation, the former parent company of ComEd. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP), goodwill will remain at its recorded amount
unless it is determined to be impaired, which is generally based upon an annual analysis prescribed by SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” (SFAS No. 142) that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to
its carrying value. If an impairment occurs, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written-off and expensed, reducing equity. 

52 

There is a possibility that additional goodwill may be impaired at ComEd, and at Exelon, in 2009 or later periods,
particularly in light of the current economic environment. The actual timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables, including changing interest rates, utility sector market
performance, ComEd’s capital structure, results of ComEd’s rate proceedings, operating and capital expenditure requirements and other factors, some not yet known. Such a potential impairment would be a noncash charge, which could have a
material impact on Exelon’s and ComEd’s operating results. 

See
ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 7 of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
discussion on goodwill impairments. 

Increases in customer rates and the impact of
economic downturns may lead to greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. Additionally, increasing rates could lead to decreased volumes delivered. Both of these factors may decrease ComEd’s results from operations and cash flows.

The Illinois Settlement Legislation prohibits utilities from
terminating electric service to an Illinois residential space-heating customer due to nonpayment, extending from December 1 of any year through March 1 of the following year. As a result, ComEd may be delayed in stopping service to
customers who are delinquent in their bills, which could increase ComEd’s bad debt expense. 

ComEd’s current procurement plan includes purchasing power through contracted suppliers and the spot market. Purchased power prices fluctuate based on the
supply and demand for electricity, which could lead to higher customer bills and potentially additional uncollectible expense. 

Increased purchased power and/or delivery service cost rates to customers and economic downturns may lead customers to decrease their usage patterns, which may
result in lower operating income. 

An increase in uncollectible account
expense or a decrease in revenue due to lower deliveries would negatively impact ComEd’s results from operations and cash flows. 

ComEd would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties in the event that it were to lose its investment grade rating while
certain wholesale market conditions exist. 

Some of ComEd’s
energy procurement contracts contain collateral provisions that are affected by its credit rating. If certain wholesale market conditions exist and ComEd were to lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it
would be required under some of its energy procurement contracts and the financial swap contract with Generation to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. If ComEd
had lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2008, ComEd would have been required to provide approximately $282 million in additional collateral. ComEd’s procurement contract collateral requirements are a function of
market prices. Collateral posting will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. Given the relationship to forward market prices, contract collateral requirements can be volatile. In addition, if
ComEd were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. 

On October 3, 2008, Moody’s upgraded ComEd’s long-term senior unsecured ratings. As a result of this upgrade, PJM allowed ComEd to move from a
position of no unsecured credit to an unsecured credit limit of $20 million in accordance with PJM’s credit policy. Additionally, as of December 31, 2008, 

53 

ComEd had a $140 million letter of credit with PJM. If ComEd were to have its credit rating reduced to below investment grade, it would have been required to provide
the entire unsecured credit of $20 million in additional collateral to PJM. 

ComEd could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the utility industry or ComEd has deteriorated. ComEd could
experience a downgrade if the current supportive regulatory environment in Illinois became less predictable by materially lowering returns for utilities in the state as a means of managing higher electric prices. Additionally, ComEd’s rating
could be downgraded if ComEd’s financial results are weakened from current levels due to weaker operating performance or due to ComEd failing to properly manage its capital structure. In addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the
agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of ComEd. See Liquidity and Capital Resources – Security Ratings for additional information. 

PECO 

The
impact of economic downturns may lead to lower revenues and greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. Additionally, increasing rates could lead to a decrease in volumes delivered. Both of these factors may decrease PECO’s results
from operations and cash flows. 

The cost of PECO’s purchased
power, which is provided by Generation through a PPA, is capped as part of the transition period through 2010. For service following the end of PECO’s transition period, PECO will purchase power on the open market which may significantly
increase the cost of power PECO procures and in turn increase costs to the customer. The increase in rates could cause customer usage to decrease, resulting in lower transmission and distribution revenues and lower profit margins for PECO.

Gas rates charged to PECO customers are comprised primarily of purchased
natural gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to PECO, and distribution charges, which provide a return or profit to PECO. Purchased natural gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer’s bill and may be adjusted quarterly,
are designed for PECO to recover the cost of the natural gas commodity and pipeline transportation and storage services that PECO procures to service its customers. Gas rates may change quarterly based on market conditions, which may lead to higher
prices. PECO’s cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when natural gas is purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers. When purchased natural gas cost charges increase substantially reflecting higher natural
gas procurement costs incurred by PECO, customer usage may decrease, resulting in lower distribution charges and lower profit margins for PECO. 

In addition, increased purchased natural gas and purchased power cost charges to customers, economic downturns and the related limitations on service termination
may result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances, which would negatively impact PECO’s results from operations and cash flows. In accordance with PAPUC regulations, after November 30 and before April 1, an
electric distribution utility or natural gas distribution utility shall not terminate service to customers with household incomes at or below 250% of the Federal poverty level. 

PECO would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties in the event that it were to
experience a downgrade in its credit rating or fall below investment grade. 

As of a result of the S&P downgrade of PECO’s corporate credit rating on October 21, 2008, PJM reduced PECO’s unsecured credit limit to $20 million in accordance with PJM’s credit policy. As a result of this action,
PECO was required to provide to PJM $90 million in collateral in the form of a 

54 

letter of credit on October 24, 2008. If PECO were to have its credit rating reduced to below investment grade, it would be required to provide approximately $20
million in additional collateral to PJM. 

In addition, certain of
PECO’s natural gas procurement contracts contain provisions that may require PECO to provide collateral or other adequate assurance of performance if PECO fails to satisfy the credit standards of its counterparties, such as PECO losing its
investment grade credit rating. The collateral could be provided in the form of letters of credit, cash or other agreeable security. Also, PECO may be required to immediately pay all outstanding payables to its natural gas suppliers at that time.
These requirements may have an adverse effect upon PECO’s liquidity. If PECO had lost its investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2008, PECO could have been required to provide approximately $135 million in collateral under its
natural gas procurement contracts. In addition, if PECO were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. 

PECO could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall
creditworthiness of the utility industry or PECO has deteriorated. PECO could experience a downgrade if the current supportive regulatory environment in Pennsylvania became less predictable by materially lowering returns for utilities in the state
as a means of managing higher electric prices or if Pennsylvania legislators seriously consider an extension of the existing rate caps. Additionally, the rating could be downgraded if PECO’s financial results are weakened from current levels
due to weaker operating performance or due to PECO failing to properly manage its capital structure. In addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of PECO. 

Due to PECO’s dependence on Generation to fulfill 100% of its electric energy supply
requirements under a PPA, PECO could be negatively affected in the event of Generation’s inability to perform under the PPA. 

PECO currently acquires 100% of its electric energy and capacity requirements under a PPA with Generation. In accordance with the PPA, the current electric
generation rates that PECO pays have been fixed and will continue to be fixed through 2010. In the event that Generation could not perform under the PPA, PECO would be forced to purchase electric energy from alternative sources at potentially higher
rates. While PECO believes that this event is unlikely to occur, such an event could have a negative impact on PECO’s results of operations and financial position. 

PECO may be subject to the risk of a legislative or regulatory mandated requirement to purchase Philadelphia Gas Works (PGW). 

PGW is a municipal gas utility owned by the City of Philadelphia that provides service
almost exclusively within Philadelphia. A Pennsylvania state legislator has previously submitted legislation to the Pennsylvania General Assembly that would provide the PAPUC with the authority to investigate PGW’s fitness to provide gas
service and, if deemed unfit, to require a qualified public utility to purchase PGW’s gas assets. If such legislation is enacted, PECO, with a natural gas service territory contiguous to and an electric service territory that includes
Philadelphia, could be subject to a proceeding in which efforts are made to require PECO to purchase PGW’s gas assets. While PECO believes that such a forced purchase would be unlawful, such a proceeding could expose PECO potentially to
significant economic and political risk. 

55 

ComEd and PECO 

The following risk factors separately apply to both ComEd and PECO as additionally noted below. 

Changes in ComEd’s and PECO’s terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval
proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which may introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes. 

ComEd and PECO are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of
the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have
differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. The proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. Decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional
uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for ComEd or PECO to recover its costs by the time
the rates become effective. Established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates can be adjusted, including rates for the procurement of electricity or gas and the recovery of MGP
remediation costs. 

In certain instances, ComEd and PECO may agree to
negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives or franchise agreements. These settlements are typically subject to regulatory approval. 

ComEd and PECO cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by Illinois, Pennsylvania or Federal regulators
for establishing rates, including the extent, if any, to which certain costs will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowed. Nevertheless, the expectation is that ComEd and PECO will continue to be obligated to deliver electricity to
customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant POLR and default service obligations to provide electricity service to certain groups of customers in its service area who choose to obtain their electricity from the
utility. 

The ultimate outcome of these regulatory actions will have a
significant effect on the ability of ComEd and PECO, as applicable, to recover their costs and could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, lengthy proceedings and time
delays in implementing new rates relative to when costs are actually incurred could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

ComEd and PECO are likely to be subject to higher transmission operating costs in the future as a result of PJM’s RTEP and the rate design
between PJM and MISO. 

In accordance with a FERC order and related
settlement, PJM’s RTEP requires the costs of new transmission facilities to be allocated across the entire PJM footprint for new facilities greater than or equal to 500 kV, and requires costs of new facilities less than 500 kV to be allocated
to the beneficiaries of the new facilities. FERC stated that PJM’s stakeholders should develop a standard method for allocating costs of new transmission facilities lower than 500 kV. ComEd and PECO cannot estimate the longer-term impact on
their respective results of operations and cash flows because of the uncertainties relating to what new facilities will be built and the cost of building those facilities. 

In 2007, ComEd and PECO and almost all other transmission owners in PJM and the Midwest ISO (MISO), as directed by a FERC order issued in 2004, filed
with FERC to continue the existing transmission rate design between PJM and MISO. Other transmission owners and certain other parties 

56 

have filed protests urging FERC to reject the filing. On January 31, 2008, FERC accepted the filing. An additional complaint was filed asking FERC to substitute a
rate design that allocates the costs of all existing and new transmission facilities at 345 kV and above across PJM and MISO. On January 31, 2008, FERC denied the complaint. A request for rehearing of those orders has been filed, and any
decision may then be subject to review in the United States Court of Appeals. ComEd and PECO cannot predict the outcome of this litigation. 

The impact of not meeting the criteria of Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 71, “Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of Regulation” (SFAS
No. 71) could be material to ComEd and PECO. 

As of
December 31, 2008, Exelon, ComEd and PECO have concluded that the operations of ComEd and PECO meet the criteria of SFAS No. 71. If it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of their businesses no longer meets the
criteria, Exelon, ComEd, and PECO are required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business, which would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in
their Consolidated Balance Sheets and the recognition of a one-time extraordinary item in their Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impact of not meeting the criteria of SFAS No. 71 could be material to the financial statements of
Exelon, ComEd and PECO. At December 31, 2008, the extraordinary gain could have been as much as $1.4 billion (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of ComEd’s regulatory assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2008, the
extraordinary charge could have been as much as $2.5 billion (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of PECO’s regulatory assets and liabilities. Exelon would record an extraordinary gain or charge in an equal amount related to
ComEd’s and PECO’s regulatory assets and liabilities in addition to a charge against other comprehensive income (before taxes) of up to $2.7 billion and $149 million for ComEd and PECO, respectively, related to Exelon’s regulatory
assets associated with its defined benefit postretirement plans. The impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an additional impairment of ComEd’s goodwill, which could be significant and at least partially offset the
extraordinary gain discussed above. A write-off of regulatory assets and liabilities also could limit the ability of ComEd and PECO to pay dividends under Federal and state law and cause significant volatility in future results of operations. See
Notes 1, 3, 7 and 19 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation, regulatory issues, ComEd’s goodwill and regulatory assets and liabilities,
respectively. 

Mandatory Federal or additional state energy conservation and RPS
legislation could negatively affect the costs and cash flows of ComEd and PECO. 

Federal legislation mandating specific energy conservation measures or changes to existing state laws requiring the use of renewable and alternate fuel sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could significantly
impact ComEd and PECO if timely recovery is not allowed. The impact could include increased costs for renewable energy credits and purchased power as well as significant increases in capital expenditures. There is no certainty that ComEd or PECO
would be permitted sufficient or timely recovery of related costs in rates. Furthermore, energy conservation measures could lead to a decline in energy consumption and ultimately the revenues of ComEd and PECO. For additional information, see
ITEM 1. Business “Environmental Regulation—Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards”. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures may be negatively affected by transmission
congestion. 

Demand for electricity within ComEd’s and
PECO’s service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations. In addition, as with all
utilities, potential 

57 

concerns over transmission capacity could result in PJM or FERC requiring ComEd and PECO to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional
capital expenditures. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s operating costs, and
customers’ and regulators’ opinions of ComEd and PECO, are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery systems. 

Failures of the equipment or facilities used in ComEd’s and PECO’s delivery systems can interrupt the transmission and delivery of
electricity and related revenues and increase repair expenses and capital expenditures. Equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including weather. Those failures or those of other utilities, including prolonged or
repeated failures, can affect customer satisfaction, the level of regulatory oversight and ComEd’s and PECO’s maintenance and capital expenditures. Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their
service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. Under Illinois law, however, ComEd can be required to pay damages to its customers in some circumstances involving
extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers. 

The effects of weather and
the related impact on electricity and gas usage may decrease ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter
tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. Moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues. Because of seasonal pricing differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, ComEd and
PECO typically report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year. However, extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms may stress ComEd’s and PECO’s transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased
maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’s ability to meet peak customer demand. These extreme conditions may have detrimental effects on ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s businesses are capital intensive, and the costs of capital projects may
be significant. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s businesses are capital
intensive and require significant investments in internal infrastructure projects. ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if they are unable to effectively manage their own respective
capital projects, if they are unable to raise the necessary capital, or if they do not receive full recovery of their own respective capital costs through future regulatory proceedings in a timely manner. 

A reduction of Exelon’s credit rating could result in a reduction of the credit rating of ComEd
or PECO, or both. 

Each of ComEd and PECO is a corporation separate
and distinct from Exelon and Exelon’s other subsidiaries, and ComEd and PECO conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and procedures intended to assure that ComEd and PECO are treated as
separate, independent companies, distinct from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate ComEd and PECO from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulty at Exelon or another Exelon subsidiary. These
measures (commonly referred to as “ringfencing”) may help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of ComEd and PECO in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon. Despite these ringfencing measures, the credit ratings
of ComEd and PECO could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of 

58 

Exelon. Consequently, a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of ComEd or PECO, or both. A reduction in the credit
rating of ComEd or PECO could have a material adverse effect on ComEd or PECO, respectively. 

Proposed Acquisition of NRG 

Exelon may not successfully complete its
proposed acquisition of NRG. 

On October 19, 2008, Exelon
announced a proposal to acquire NRG. On November 12, 2008, Exelon launched an exchange offer pursuant to which it offered to acquire all of NRG’s common stock in exchange for Exelon common stock at a fixed exchange ratio of .485 of a share
of Exelon common stock for each share of NRG common stock. As of February 6, 2009, NRG remains opposed to Exelon’s proposed acquisition. There are a number of conditions to the completion of the transactions contemplated by Exelon’s
exchange offer and there can be no assurances that the transaction will be completed on the terms stated in the exchange offer. 

If Exelon is successful in its proposed acquisition of NRG, Exelon may not be able to realize all of the benefits expected to be derived from the acquisition. 

Exelon proposed its acquisition of NRG because the transaction is expected to create
value for shareholders of Exelon and NRG through synergies and various other expected benefits. Failure to effectively integrate the business of NRG with the businesses of Exelon could result in a reduction or loss of the synergies expected to
result from the combination of the two companies. The transaction could also result in increased or unexpected costs or diversion of management time and attention and management focus, which could have an adverse effect on the business, financial
condition, operating results and prospects of the combined company. 

Exelon’s
indebtedness following the consummation of an acquisition of NRG will be higher than Exelon’s existing indebtedness. Therefore, it may be more difficult for Exelon to pay or refinance its debts, and Exelon may need to divert its cash flow from
operations to debt service payments. The additional indebtedness could limit Exelon’s ability to pursue other strategic opportunities and increase its vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions. 

Exelon’s total indebtedness as of December 31, 2008 was approximately
$13,151 million. Exelon’s pro forma total indebtedness, based on the most recent publicly available information for NRG as of September 30, 2008, after giving effect to the acquisition of 100% of the outstanding shares of NRG common stock
and the refinancing, repurchase, redemption or other restructuring of NRG’s indebtedness and certain other obligations is expected to be approximately $21,164 million. The estimated amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including
decommissioning liabilities, of NRG that would be assumed or refinanced is based solely on publicly available information and there may be additional indebtedness or obligations not included in this estimate of which Exelon is unaware. Exelon’s
debt service obligations with respect to this increased indebtedness could have an adverse impact on its earnings and cash flows for as long as the indebtedness is outstanding. 

Exelon’s increased indebtedness as a result of the proposed acquisition of NRG could have a significant impact on Exelon’s
business and its future results of operations and cash flows. It could: 

•

 make it more difficult for Exelon to pay or refinance its debts as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions because any related decrease in revenues
could cause Exelon to not have sufficient cash flows from operations to make its scheduled debt payments; 

•

 limit Exelon’s flexibility to pursue other strategic opportunities or react to changes in its business and the industry in which it operates and, consequently, place
Exelon at a competitive disadvantage to its competitors with less debt; 

59 

•

 require a substantial portion of Exelon’s cash flows from operations for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of its cash flow to fund working
capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 result in a downgrade in the rating of Exelon’s indebtedness, which could limit Exelon’s ability to borrow additional funds or increase the interest rates
applicable to Exelon’s indebtedness (following the public announcement of Exelon’s proposal to acquire NRG, on October 21, 2008, Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services (S&P) lowered its corporate credit rating on Exelon,
Generation and PECO to “BBB” from “BBB+” and lowered the senior unsecured ratings of Exelon to “BBB-” from “BBB” and of Generation to “BBB” from “BBB+” and of PECO’s senior secured
debt to “A-” from “A”; and in addition, the ratings of Exelon and all of its subsidiaries, including ComEd, were placed on CreditWatch by S&P with negative implications); 

•

 reduce the amount of credit available to Exelon and its subsidiaries to support their power trading and hedging activities; and 

•

 result in higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates since some of Exelon’s borrowings are, and will continue to be, at variable rates of
interest. 

Potential measures to protect investment
grade ratings include issuing additional equity, sale of assets, or reducing dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. 

Based upon current levels of operations and anticipated growth, Exelon expects to be able to generate sufficient cash flow to make all of the principal and interest
payments when such payments are due under Exelon’s existing credit facilities, the indentures governing Exelon’s existing notes, the financing that will be necessary to refinance all existing indebtedness of NRG that is required to be paid
in connection with the acquisition of NRG, and NRG’s indebtedness that may remain outstanding, but there can be no assurance that Exelon will be able to repay or refinance such borrowings and obligations. 

The terms that may be included in debt agreements entered into by Exelon in connection with the
acquisition of NRG may impose many restrictions on Exelon. A failure by Exelon to comply with any of these restrictions could result in the acceleration of Exelon’s debt. Were this to occur, Exelon might not have, or be able to obtain,
sufficient cash to pay the accelerated indebtedness. 

The operating
and financial restrictions and covenants that may be included in debt agreements entered into by Exelon in connection with the acquisition of NRG may adversely affect Exelon’s ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage
in new business activities or certain corporate transactions. 

Exelon’s existing debt agreements require that the ratio of Exelon’s cash from operations to interest expense equal or exceed a specified level, and the terms that may be included in debt agreements entered into by Exelon in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the exchange offer may require compliance with additional financial ratios. As a result of these covenants and ratios, Exelon may be limited in the manner in which it can conduct
its business, and may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. Accordingly, these restrictions may limit Exelon’s ability to successfully operate its business. A failure to comply with
these restrictions or to maintain the financial ratios contained in the existing and future debt agreements could lead to an event of default that could result in an acceleration of the indebtedness. Exelon cannot provide assurances that its future
operating results will be sufficient to ensure compliance with the covenants in its existing and future debt agreements or to remedy any such default. In addition, in the event of an acceleration of its indebtedness, Exelon may not have or be able
to obtain sufficient funds to make any accelerated payments. Exelon does not 

60 

expect to refinance existing Exelon debt, including debt incurred at ComEd, PECO and Generation, in connection with the acquisition of NRG, and the consummation of the
exchange offer will not result in any acceleration of such debt. 

Exelon has only
conducted a review of NRG’s publicly available information and has not had access to NRG’s non-public information. Therefore, Exelon may be subject to unknown liabilities of NRG which may have a material adverse effect on Exelon’s
financial condition and results of operations. 

As of
February 6, 2009, Exelon has only conducted a due diligence review of NRG’s publicly available information. The consummation of the exchange offer may constitute a default, or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both,
would constitute a default, or result in the termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation (including, without limitation, any payment obligation) under agreements of NRG that are not publicly available,
including any power trading agreements relating to NRG’s first and second lien structure. As a result, after the consummation of the exchange offer and the second step merger, Exelon may be subject to unknown liabilities of NRG, including,
without limitation, any exposure relating to NRG’s trading and hedging activities and outstanding ISDA master agreements, which may have a material adverse effect on Exelon’s financial condition and results of operations, which Exelon
might have otherwise discovered if Exelon had been permitted by NRG to conduct a complete due diligence review of NRG’s non-public information. 

The acquisition is subject to various regulatory approvals, and obtaining such approvals may delay or prevent Exelon’s acquisition of NRG or may require divestitures. 

Exelon must receive approval from and/or make filings with various
foreign, Federal and state regulatory agencies with respect to the acquisition of shares of NRG common stock in the exchange offer. These approvals include the approval of FERC under the Federal Power Act, the NRC under the Atomic Energy Act and
various utility regulatory, antitrust and other authorities in the United States and elsewhere. The governmental entities from which these approvals are required may impose conditions on the completion of the acquisition, require changes to the
terms of the acquisition or impose additional obligations on regulated subsidiaries of Exelon and NRG. These conditions or changes could have the effect of delaying completion of the acquisition or imposing additional costs on or limiting the
revenues of the combined company, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the combined company following completion of the acquisition. Exelon cannot provide any assurance that the necessary approvals will be obtained or that there will
not be any adverse consequences to Exelon’s or NRG’s business resulting from the failure to obtain these regulatory approvals or from conditions that could be imposed in connection with obtaining these approvals, including divestitures or
other operating restrictions upon Exelon, NRG, the combined company or its subsidiaries. Required regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner and could result in a significant delay in the consummation of the acquisition. 

The market price of Exelon common stock may decline as a result of the exchange offer and the
second-step merger. 

The market price of Exelon common stock may
decline as a result of the exchange offer and the second-step merger if, among other things: 

•

 the integration of NRG’s business into the business of Exelon is unsuccessful; 

•

 Exelon does not achieve the expected benefits of the acquisition of NRG as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors; or

•

 a downgrade in the rating of Exelon’s indebtedness occurs as a result of Exelon’s increased indebtedness incurred to finance the transaction.

61 

In connection with the exchange offer and the second-step merger, as of December 31, 2008, Exelon estimates
that it could issue 123,051,030 shares of Exelon common stock. The increase in the number of shares of Exelon’s common stock issued may lead to sales of such shares or the perception that such sales may occur, either of which may adversely
affect the market for, and the market price of, Exelon common stock. 

Uncertainties
exist in integrating the business and operations of Exelon and NRG. 

Exelon intends, to the extent possible, to integrate NRG’s operations with those of Exelon. Although Exelon believes that the integration of NRG’s operations into Exelon’s will not present any significant difficulties, there
can be no assurance that Exelon will not encounter substantial difficulties integrating NRG’s operations with Exelon’s operations, resulting in a delay or the failure to achieve the anticipated synergies and, therefore, the expected cost
savings and resulting increases in cash flow and earnings. The possible difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among other things: 

•

 possible inconsistencies in standards, management models, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures between NRG and Exelon;

•

 the retention of key employees; 

•

 the integration and consolidation of corporate and administrative infrastructures, including computer information systems; 

•

 the integration of each company’s power trading organizations, including the hedging practices of each company; 

•

 the restructuring of businesses within the two companies to properly align business units; 

•

 the possible diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns; and 

•

 the possibility of costs or inefficiencies associated with the integration of the operations of the combined company. 

Even if the exchange offer is completed, full integration of NRG’s operations with
Exelon’s may be delayed if Exelon is unable to solicit proxies from NRG stockholders in a sufficient amount to approve the second-step merger. 

The exchange offer is subject to a condition that, before the expiration of the offer, there shall have been validly tendered and not withdrawn at least a majority
of shares of the NRG common stock on a fully-diluted basis. At the end of the offer period, Exelon may solicit proxies in connection with a “long-form” merger to exchange the remaining shares of NRG common stock for Exelon common stock.
Any failure or delay in the solicitation of proxies needed to approve the second-step merger could prevent or delay Exelon from realizing some or all of the anticipated benefits from the integration of NRG’s operations with Exelon’s
operations. 

The acquisition could trigger certain provisions contained in NRG’s
employee benefit plans or other agreements that could require Exelon to make change of control payments or permit a counter-party to an agreement with NRG to terminate that agreement. 

Certain of NRG’s employee benefit plans contain change of control clauses
providing for compensation to be granted to certain members of NRG senior management if, following a change of control, NRG terminates the employment relationship between NRG and these employees, or if these employees terminate the employment
relationship because their respective positions with NRG have materially changed. If successful, the acquisition would constitute a change of control of NRG, thereby giving rise to potential change of control payments. 

62 

Because Exelon has not had the opportunity to review NRG’s non-public information, there may be agreements
that permit a counter-party to terminate an agreement with NRG because the exchange offer or the second-step merger would cause a default or violate an anti-assignment, change of control or similar clause. If this happens, Exelon may have to seek to
replace that agreement with a new agreement. Exelon cannot provide assurances that it will be able to replace a terminated agreement on comparable terms or at all. Depending on the importance of a terminated agreement to NRG’s business, failure
to replace that agreement on similar terms or at all may increase the costs to Exelon of operating NRG’s business or prevent Exelon from operating part or all of NRG’s business. In addition, the consummation of the exchange offer or the
second-step merger may constitute a default, or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default, or result in the termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation
(including, without limitation, any payment obligation) under agreements of NRG that are not publicly available, including any power trading agreements relating to NRG’s first and second lien structure. 

The consummation of the exchange offer may accelerate NRG’s existing indebtedness.

The consummation of the acquisition of NRG pursuant to the exchange
offer likely will require the refinancing of existing indebtedness of NRG. Exelon estimates that as of December 31, 2008, this refinancing and certain other payments required to complete the transaction will total in the aggregate approximately
$8.6 billion, including the following: 

•

 Payments to holders of the $4.7 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding of NRG senior notes who will have the right under such notes to require NRG to repurchase the
senior notes at 101% of their face value upon the consummation of the exchange offer. 

•

 Approximately $2.65 billion to refinance the $2.65 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding under NRG’s Term B Loan, which outstanding amount will accelerate and
become immediately due and payable upon consummation of the exchange offer. 

•

 Approximately $375 million to refinance certain other indebtedness and other obligations of NRG and its subsidiaries. 

•

 Up to $250 million in payments to holders of NRG’s 3.625% Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock who will have the right to require NRG to repurchase such stock at 100%
of its liquidation preference (a repurchase price of approximately $250 million in the aggregate) upon consummation of the exchange offer. 

In addition, Exelon will be required to provide for the issuance of new letters of credit as a “backstop facility” in an aggregate principal amount of
approximately $1 billion due to the anticipated termination of NRG’s letter of credit facility arising from the consummation of the exchange offer. 

Exelon may not be able to refinance NRG’s existing debt, or such refinancing may be only on conditions that are not favorable to Exelon, either of which may
have an adverse effect on the value of Exelon common stock. If Exelon does not control NRG and is unable to complete the second-step merger, Exelon may not be able to assist NRG in refinancing debt that becomes due as a result of the consummation of
the exchange offer, which may have an adverse effect on the value of NRG common stock. 

The amount of indebtedness and other obligations of NRG that may need to be refinanced are based solely on publicly available information and therefore there may be additional NRG indebtedness or obligations not included in
Exelon’s estimates of which Exelon is unaware. 

63