. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate the challenges of their businesses and their ability to identify and mitigate these risks. 

ComEd and PECO 

Rate and equity return limitations. While ComEd and PECO continue to make significant capital expenditures to maintain and improve the reliability of each
respective transmission and distribution system and to support new business and customer growth, ComEd and PECO also continue to work more efficiently to lower operating and maintenance costs. Exelon believes that ComEd, subject to the resolution of
regulatory issues—see Retail Electric Services above, and PECO will continue to provide a significant and steady source of earnings and cash flows over the next several years. 

35 

Table of Contents

Post-transition rates. In order to address post-transition uncertainty, ComEd has made two different
regulatory filings to establish the rates to be charged to customers effective January 2, 2007. The first filing relates to ComEd’s ability to procure electricity supply. The second filing established the delivery service rates that will
be charged to customers. Through these proceedings ComEd is working with the ICC, consumer advocates and business community leadership to facilitate the development of a competitive electricity market while providing system reliability and safety.
ComEd is promoting constructs that will move it towards transparent and liquid markets to allow for electricity procurement that will be deemed prudent, provide consumers assurance of equitable pricing and ensure adequate cost recoverability.

On January 24, 2006, the ICC, by a unanimous vote, approved a
reverse-auction competitive bidding process for procurement of power by ComEd for the time period after 2006. The procurement process is similar to the process described in the Procurement Case with some modifications to enhance consumer protection.
The auction will be administered by an independent auction manager, with oversight by the ICC staff. The first auction is scheduled to take place during the fall of 2006, at which time ComEd’s entire load will be up for bid. To mitigate the
effects of changes in future prices, the load will be staggered in three-year contracts. To further mitigate the impact on its residential customers of transitioning to this process, ComEd has offered to develop a “cap and deferral”
proposal to ease the impact of the expected increase in rates on residential customers, some or all of which could require regulatory or legislative approval to implement. A cap and deferral proposal, generally speaking, would limit the procurement
costs that ComEd could pass through to its customers for a specified period of time and allow ComEd to collect any unrecovered procurement costs in later years. 

Several parties that were opposed to the Procurement Case have indicated that they will petition the ICC for rehearing and will challenge the ICC decision in
court. ComEd also petitioned for rehearing of the ICC decision on certain issues, but that petition was denied by the ICC on February 8, 2006. It is also possible that interested parties could introduce legislation in Illinois in an attempt to
modify the procurement process or the rates that ComEd may charge consumers for the power ComEd purchases to meet the needs of consumers. The Illinois General Assembly has held hearings concerning generation procurement after 2006, and it may take
action on this issue. 

While PECO has made no regulatory filings to date
to revise its transmission and distribution rates, PECO will continue to work with Federal and state regulators, state and local governments, customer representatives and other interested parties to develop appropriate processes for establishing
future rates in restructured electricity markets. PECO will strive to ensure that future rate structures recognize the substantial improvements PECO has made, and will continue to make, in its transmission and distribution systems. PECO will also
work to ensure that its post-2010 rates are adequate to cover its costs of obtaining electricity from its suppliers, which could include Generation, for the costs associated with procuring full requirements power given PECO’s POLR obligations.
As in the past, by working together with interested parties, PECO believes it can successfully meet these objectives and obtain fair recovery of its costs for providing service to its customers after the transition periods. 

Power supply risks. To effectively manage its obligation to provide power to
meet its customers’ demand, ComEd and PECO have established full-requirements, power supply agreements with Generation which reduce exposure to the volatility of customer demand and market prices through 2006 for ComEd and through 2010 for
PECO. Market prices relative to ComEd’s and PECO’s regulated rates still influence whether retail customers purchase electricity from ComEd, PECO or from an alternative electric supplier. 

Beyond 2006 for ComEd, assuming the auction process that was approved by the ICC for
the procurement of electricity remains in effect, ComEd would be allowed to recover from customers the 

36 

Table of Contents

cost of purchased electricity. Therefore, should an approved supplier default and ComEd be required to purchase replacement electricity, ComEd would be entitled to
recover these costs from customers. 

Transmission congestion.
ComEd and PECO have made, and expect to continue to make, significant capital expenditures to ensure the adequate capacity and reliability of their transmission systems. On an ongoing basis, PJM, in cooperation with ComEd and PECO, performs
screening analyses based on forecasts of future transmission system conditions in order to determine system reinforcements needed to maintain the reliable operation of both systems. 

Loss of electricity customers to other generation suppliers. When ComEd’s and PECO’s respective customers choose
alternative electric generation suppliers, ComEd and PECO lose their associated revenues. In the case of PECO, operating results are not affected by customers choosing an alternative supplier since lost revenues are completely offset by decreased
purchased power expense. In ComEd’s case, the loss of revenues is largely offset by related reduced purchased power expense resulting in operating results being impacted only by any lost margin. 

With respect to planning for electricity supply, ComEd and PECO have no obligation to
purchase power reserves to cover the load served by others. ComEd and PECO manage their POLR obligations through full-requirements contracts with Generation, under which Generation supplies the electricity requirements of ComEd and PECO. Also, ComEd
has sought through the regulatory process, as permitted by law, to limit the POLR obligation for those customers that do have competitive supply options. In 2003, ComEd received ICC approval to phase out over several years its obligation to provide
fixed-price electricity under bundled rates to approximately 370 of its largest electricity customers, which have demands of at least three MWs and represent an aggregate of approximately 2,500 MWs of load. To date, ComEd has not requested to phase
out its obligation to provide fixed-price electricity under bundled rates for other customers but continues to evaluate its options. 

Generation 

Costs to meet contractual commitments. Generation’s resources include interests in 11 nuclear generation stations, consisting of 19 units in operation. Generation’s nuclear fleet plus its ownership interest in
the Salem Generating Station, operated by PSEG Nuclear, generated 137,936 GWhs, or approximately 90% of Generation’s total output, for the year ended December 31, 2005. As the largest generator of nuclear power in the United States,
Generation can negotiate favorable terms for the materials and services that its business requires. Generation’s nuclear plants have historically benefited from stable fuel costs, minimal environmental impact from operations and a safe
operating history. 

Refueling outages. Generation continues to
maintain the decreased average length of refueling outages achieved in recent years at the nuclear stations it operates, resulting in a stable generation base for Power Team trading activities. 

Operating services arrangement. In 2005, as a result of the OSC with PSEG
Nuclear, Generation is providing services to oversee daily plant operations and guidance to implement the Exelon Nuclear Management Model at the Salem and Hope Creek nuclear generating stations. As a result, Generation has decreased certain
exposures in 2005 and increased revenues from its share of the Salem Generating Station, which it co-owns with PSEG Nuclear. 

Adequacy of funds to decommission nuclear power plants. In 2003, the GAO published a study on the NRC’s need for more effective analyses to ensure the
adequate accumulation of funds to decommission nuclear power plants in the United States. See the risk factor “Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by liabilities arising from its ownership and operation of 

37 

Table of Contents

nuclear facilities” for further detail. Generation has reviewed the GAO’s report and believes that, in reaching its conclusions, the GAO did not consider all
aspects of Generation’s decommissioning strategy, such as fund growth during the decommissioning period. The inclusion of estimated earnings growth on Generation’s nuclear trust funds during the decommissioning period virtually eliminates
any funding shortfalls identified in the GAO report. Generation currently believes that the amounts in nuclear decommissioning trust funds and future collections from ComEd’s and PECO’s customers, together with earnings thereon, will
provide adequate funding to decommission its nuclear facilities in accordance with regulatory requirements. 

Credit risk. In order to evaluate the viability of Generation’s counterparties, Generation has implemented credit risk management procedures designed to
mitigate the risks associated with these transactions. These policies include counterparty credit limits and, in some cases, require deposits or letters of credit to be posted by certain counterparties. Generation’s counterparty credit limits
are based on a scoring model that considers a variety of factors, including leverage, liquidity, profitability, credit ratings and risk management capabilities. Generation has entered into enabling agreements that allow for netting of payables and
receivables with the majority of its large counterparties. The credit department monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an aggregate basis. Due to the termination of its PPA
with ComEd on December 31, 2006 and its obligation to auction off output from its nuclear plants mandated by the FERC order approving the Merger, Generation’s liquidity requirements and credit risk exposure could increase. 

Extreme weather. Generation incorporates contingencies into its planning for
extreme weather conditions, including potentially reserving capacity to meet summer loads at levels representative of warmer-than-normal weather conditions. 

Wholesale energy market prices. The price of power purchased and sold in the open wholesale energy markets can vary significantly in response to market
conditions. Generally, between 60% and 70% of Generation’s supply serves ComEd and PECO customers. Consequently, Generation has limited its earnings exposure from the volatility of the wholesale energy market to the energy generated in excess
of the ComEd and PECO requirements, as well as any other contracted longer term obligations. Following the expiration of the PPA arrangement with ComEd at the end of 2006, Generation’s supply will be more exposed to energy market prices.

Commodity prices. Generation’s Power Team manages the output
of Generation’s assets and energy sales to optimize value and reduce the volatility of Generation’s earnings and cash flows. Generation attempts to manage its exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management
procedures. 

General Business 

Security risk. The Registrants have initiated and work to maintain security
measures. See “Security” in ITEM 1. Business for further detail. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate enhanced security measures at certain critical locations, enhanced response and recovery plans and assess long-term design
changes and redundancy measures. Additionally, the energy industry is working with governmental authorities to ensure that emergency plans are in place and critical infrastructure vulnerabilities are addressed in order to maintain the reliability of
the country’s energy systems. 

Potential phase-out of tax
credits. Tax credits generated by the production of synthetic fuel are subject to a phase-out provision that gradually reduces tax credits in the event crude oil prices for a year exceed certain thresholds. See the risk factor “Changes in
taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations” in ITEM 1A. Risk Factors for further detail. In 2005, Exelon and 

38 

Table of Contents

Generation entered into certain derivatives to economically hedge a portion of the oil price exposure related to the phase-out of tax credits. These derivatives could
result in after-tax cash proceeds to Exelon of up to $42 million per year in 2006 and 2007 in the event the tax credits are completely phased out. See Note 12 of Exelon’s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and the Executive Overview in
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation for further detail. 

Interest rates. Exelon uses a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to reduce interest-rate exposure. Exelon also uses interest-rate swaps when
deemed appropriate to adjust exposure based upon market conditions. Additionally, Exelon uses forward-starting interest-rate swaps and treasury rate locks to lock in interest-rate levels in anticipation of future financings. See ITEM 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for further information. 

Executive Officers of the Registrants at December 31, 2005 

Exelon 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Rowe, John W.

60

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

 Clark, Frank M.

60

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ComEd

 McLean, Ian P.

56

Executive Vice President and President, Power Team

 Mehrberg, Randall E.

50

Executive Vice President and General Counsel

 Moler, Elizabeth A.

56

Executive Vice President, Governmental and Environmental Affairs and Public Policy

 Skolds, John L.

55

Executive Vice President, President, Exelon Energy Delivery and President, Exelon Generation

 Snodgrass, S. Gary

54

Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

 Young, John F.

49

Executive Vice President, Finance and Markets and Chief Financial Officer

 Hilzinger, Matthew F.

42

Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller

ComEd 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Clark, Frank M.

60

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 Mitchell, J. Barry

57

President

 Costello, John T.

57

Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

 McDonald, Robert K.

50

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Risk Officer

 Pramaggiore, Anne R.

47

Senior Vice President, Regulatory and External Affairs

 Hooker, John T.

57

Senior Vice President, Legislative and Governmental Affairs

 Hilzinger, Matthew F.

42

Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller, Exelon (Principal Accounting Officer)

PECO 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Rowe, John W.

60

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Exelon, and Director

 Young, John F.

49

Executive Vice President, Finance and Markets and Chief Financial Officer, Exelon, and Chief Financial Officer

 Skolds, John L.

55

President, Exelon Energy Delivery, and Director

 O’Brien, Denis P.

45

President and Director

 Hilzinger, Matthew F.

42

Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller, Exelon (Principal Accounting Officer)

39 

Table of Contents

Generation 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Rowe, John W.

60

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Exelon

 Young, John F.

49

Executive Vice President, Finance and Markets and Chief Financial Officer, Exelon, and Chief Financial Officer

 Skolds, John L.

55

Executive Vice President, Exelon, and President

 McLean, Ian P.

56

Executive Vice President, Exelon, and President, Power Team

 Crane, Christopher M.

47

Senior Vice President, Exelon, and President and Chief Nuclear Officer, Exelon Nuclear

 Schiavoni, Mark A.

50

Senior Vice President and President, Exelon Power

 Veurink, Jon D.

41

Vice President and Controller

Each of the above executive
officers holds such office at the discretion of the respective company’s board of directors until his or her replacement or earlier resignation, retirement or death. 

Prior to his election to his listed positions, Mr. Rowe was President and Co-Chief Executive of Exelon, Co-Chief Executive
Officer of ComEd and President, Co-Chief Executive Officer of PECO; and Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of ComEd and Unicom. Mr. Rowe was elected as an officer of Exelon effective October 20, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Clark was Vice President and
Chief of Staff of Exelon and President of ComEd; Senior Vice President, Distribution Customer and Marketing Services and External Affairs of ComEd; Senior Vice President of ComEd and Unicom; Vice President of ComEd; Governmental Affairs Vice
President; and Governmental Affairs Manager. Mr. Clark was elected Chairman of ComEd effective November 28, 2005. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. McLean was Senior Vice President of Exelon; President of the Power Team division of PECO; and Group Vice
President of Engelhard Corporation. Mr. McLean was elected as an officer of Exelon effective October 20, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Mehrberg was Senior Vice President of Exelon; an equity partner with the law firm of Jenner & Block;
and General Counsel and Lakefront Director of the Chicago Park District. Mr. Mehrberg was elected as an officer of Exelon effective December 3, 2001. 

Prior to her election to her listed position, Ms. Moler was Senior Vice President, Government Affairs and Policy of Exelon; Senior Vice President of ComEd
and Unicom; Director of Unicom and ComEd; Partner at the law firm of Vinson & Elkins, LLP; Deputy Secretary of the U.S. Department of Energy; and Chair of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Ms. Moler was elected as an officer of
Exelon effective October 20, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his
listed positions, Mr. Skolds was Senior Vice President, Exelon, and President and Chief Nuclear Officer, Exelon Nuclear; and President and Chief Operating Officer of South Carolina Electric and Gas. Mr. Skolds was elected as an officer of
Exelon effective October 20, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his
listed position, Mr. Snodgrass was Chief Administrative Officer of Exelon; Senior Vice President of ComEd and Unicom; Vice President of ComEd and Unicom; and Vice President of USG Corporation. Mr. Snodgrass was elected as an officer of
Exelon effective October 20, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his
listed positions, Mr. Young was President of Exelon Generation; President of Exelon Power; Senior Vice President of Sierra Pacific Resources Corporation; President of Avalon Consulting; and Executive Vice President of Southern Generation.
Mr. Young was elected as an officer effective March 3, 2003. 

40 

Table of Contents

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Hilzinger was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Credit Acceptance Corporation; Vice President, Controller of Kmart Corporation; Divisional Vice President, Strategic Planning and Financial Reporting of Kmart Corporation; and Assistant Treasurer of Kmart Corporation. Mr. Hilzinger
was elected as an officer of Exelon effective April 15, 2002. 

Prior
to his election to his listed position, Mr. Mitchell was Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Exelon, ComEd, PECO and Generation; Vice President and Treasurer of Exelon; and Vice President, Treasury and Evaluation,
and Treasurer of PECO. Mr. Mitchell was elected as President of ComEd effective November 28, 2005. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Costello served as Senior Vice President of Exelon Energy Delivery Technical Services. Mr. Costello has
also served as Senior Vice President of Exelon Energy Delivery Customer and Marketing Services; and Vice President, Customer Operations. Mr. Costello was elected to his listed position with ComEd effective November 28, 2005. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. McDonald served as Senior Vice
President of Planning and Chief Risk Officer of Exelon. Mr. McDonald has also served as Chief Risk Officer of Exelon, Vice President of Planning of Exelon and Vice President of Risk Management of Exelon. He was elected to his listed position
with ComEd effective November 28, 2005. 

Prior to her election to
her listed position, Ms. Pramaggiore served as Vice President, Regulatory and Strategic Services of ComEd. She has also served as Lead Counsel of ComEd. Ms. Pramaggiore was elected to her listed position with ComEd effective
November 28, 2005. 

Prior to his election to his listed position,
Mr. Hooker served as Senior Vice President, ComEd, Legislative and External Affairs and Exelon Energy Delivery Real Estate and Property Management. Mr. Hooker has also served as Vice President Exelon Energy Delivery Property Management and
ComEd Legislative and External Affairs; Vice President Distribution Services and Public Affairs; and Vice President of Governmental Affairs. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. O’Brien was Executive Vice President of PECO; Vice President of Operations of PECO; Director of
Transmission and Substations of PECO; and Director of BucksMont Region of PECO. Mr. O’Brien was elected as an officer of PECO effective January 1, 2001. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Crane was Vice President for Exelon Nuclear; and Vice President for BWR
Operations of ComEd. Mr. Crane was elected as an officer of Generation effective December 27, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Schiavoni was Vice President of Operations; and Vice President of Northeast Operations of Exelon Power.
Mr. Schiavoni was elected as an officer of Generation effective September 8, 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Veurink was a partner at Deloitte & Touche LLP. Mr. Veurink was elected as an officer of Generation effective January 5, 2004. 

ITEM 1A.

 

Exelon, ComEd, PECO and Generation operate in a market environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond their control. The following risk factors, as well as the risks discussed in ITEM 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation—Exelon—Liquidity and Capital Resources, may adversely impact the Registrants’ results of operations, 

41 

Table of Contents

cash flows and market price of their publicly traded securities. While each of the Registrants believes it has identified and discussed below the key risk factors
affecting its business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect its performance or financial condition. 

ComEd and PECO 

Regulatory Risks 

The process for establishing ComEd’s and PECO’s rates after the rate freeze and rate caps expire is contentious, in view of requested rate increase requests, and
involves uncertainty as to their form and adequacy. 

ComEd and PECO
cannot currently predict the ultimate outcomes of the actions by the Illinois and Pennsylvania state regulators for establishing rates after the rate freeze and caps expire. Nevertheless, the expectation is that ComEd and PECO will continue to be
obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant POLR obligations, whereby each utility is required to provide electricity service to customers in its service area who choose to
obtain their electricity from the utility. ComEd has filed two proceedings seeking regulatory approval of the process by which it proposes to procure electricity and the rates it proposes to charge to deliver electricity to customers. Various
governmental parties and consumer groups have contested the proposed electricity procurement process as well as the requests made in the proceedings. The ultimate outcome of these matters, and in particular the ComEd Procurement case in Illinois and
regulatory proceedings related to the end of PECO’s transition period, will have a significant effect on the ability of ComEd and PECO, as applicable, to recover their costs and could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s and
PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

ComEd may be required to sell
electricity at capped rates while buying electricity at market rates, which are more volatile and potentially higher. 

Although the ICC has issued an order authorizing the reverse-auction competitive bidding process for procurement of power after 2006, that decision remains subject
to petitions for rehearing and is likely to be challenged in court. ComEd cannot predict the results of those challenges or whether the Illinois General Assembly might take action that could have a material impact on the procurement process. If the
price at which ComEd is allowed to sell electricity beginning in 2007 is below ComEd’s cost to procure and deliver electricity, there may be material adverse consequences to ComEd and, possibly, Exelon. Exelon and ComEd believe that these
potential material adverse consequences could include, but may not be limited to, loss of ComEd’s investment grade credit rating and a possible reduction in the other Registrants’ credit ratings, limited or lost access for ComEd to credit
markets to finance operations and capital investment, and loss of ComEd’s capacity to enter into bilateral long-term electricity procurement contracts, which would likely force ComEd to procure electricity at more volatile and potentially
higher prices in the spot market. Moreover, to the extent ComEd is not permitted to recover its costs, ComEd’s ability to maintain and improve service may be diminished and its ability to maintain reliability may be impaired. In the nearer
term, these prospects could have adverse effects on ComEd’s liquidity if vendors reduce credit or shorten payment terms or if ComEd’s financing alternatives become more limited and significantly less flexible. In addition, ComEd has
indicated it is willing to develop a “cap and deferral” arrangement to keep residential rates at or below 1996 levels through 2009. A “cap and deferral” arrangement would limit the procurement costs that ComEd could pass through
to its customers for a period of time and allow ComEd to collect those unrecovered costs in future years. 

42 

Table of Contents

Changes in ComEd’s and PECO’s terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to
regulatory approval proceedings that are contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which introduce time delays in effecting rate changes as well as uncertainty as to the ultimate result. 

ComEd and PECO are involved in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the
process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have
differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. The proceedings generally have long time lines, which may not be limited by statute. Decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially
leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s ability to cover their respective operating and capital costs may be limited by rate caps currently in effect, which will affect their respective results of operations during the rate cap period.

The rate freezes or caps in effect at ComEd and PECO currently
limit their ability to recover increased operating expenses and to recover the costs of investments in new transmission and distribution facilities. ComEd is subject to a rate freeze on bundled retail rates that will remain in effect through
January 1, 2007. PECO is subject to rate caps on its transmission and distribution rates through December 31, 2006 and on its generation rates through December 31, 2010. The transmission and distribution rate caps at PECO may be
extended to December 31, 2010 as a result of a settlement in the Merger approval process in Pennsylvania. See Note 4 of Exelon’s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

ComEd and PECO expect to continue to make significant capital expenditures to maintain
and improve the reliability of their transmission and distribution systems and for capital additions to support new business and customer growth. As a result, ComEd’s and PECO’s future results of operations, during the periods indicated
above, may be adversely affected if ComEd and PECO are not able to deliver electricity in a cost-efficient manner and are unable to offset inflation and the cost of infrastructure investments with cost savings. Their ability to identify and
implement cost savings is more challenging in the later years of the freeze and caps. Further, the rate freeze and caps will generally preclude rate recovery on any of its incremental capital investments through January 2, 2007. 

A mandatory RPS could negatively affect the cost of electricity purchased and sold by ComEd and
PECO. 

Federal or state legislation mandating the use of renewable
and alternative fuel sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could result in significant changes in ComEd’s and PECO’s businesses, including fuel cost and capital expenditures. ComEd and PECO continue to monitor discussions
related to RPSs at the Federal and state levels. 

For additional
information, see “Environmental Regulation—Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards” in ITEM 1 of this Form 10-K. 

Operating Risk 

ComEd and PECO may be subject to the risk of power supplier defaults and the unplanned costs associated with those defaults. 

Neither ComEd nor PECO own generation facilities. Both currently purchase their electricity from Generation pursuant to PPAs that expire at the end of 2006, in the
case of ComEd, and the end of 2010, in the case of PECO. Assuming a competitive procurement process thereafter, both companies 

43 

Table of Contents

may be subject to supplier defaults and supply risk. If a supplier defaults, ComEd or PECO, as the case may be, would be required to purchase replacement electricity
in the spot market to meet the needs of its customers, which may increase electricity purchase and transmission costs and negatively affect results of operations. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures may be negatively
affected by transmission congestion. 

Demand for electricity within
ComEd’s and PECO’s service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations. In addition, as
with all utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity could result in PJM or the FERC requiring ComEd and PECO to upgrade or expand their respective transmission system through additional capital expenditures. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s operating costs and their respective perception by customers and
regulators are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery systems. 

Failures of the equipment or facilities used in ComEd’s and PECO’s delivery systems can interrupt the delivery of electricity and related revenues and
increase repair expenses and capital expenditures. Those failures or those of other utilities, including prolonged or repeated failures, can affect customer satisfaction, the level of regulatory oversight and ComEd’s and PECO’s maintenance
and capital expenditures. Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service.
Under Illinois law, however, ComEd can be required to pay damages to its customers in the event of extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers. 

ComEd and PECO face the continued loss of electricity customers and associated revenues to other generation suppliers since those customers have the right to select their own
generation supplier. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s retail electric
customers may purchase their electricity from alternative electric suppliers, although ComEd and PECO remain obligated to provide transmission and distribution service to customers in their service territories regardless of their generation
supplier. ComEd and PECO are each generally obligated to provide generation and delivery service to customers in their service territories at fixed rates or, in some instances, market-derived rates. In addition, customers who take service from an
alternative supplier may later return to ComEd or PECO. The number of customers taking service from alternative electric suppliers depends in part on the prices being offered by those suppliers relative to the fixed prices that ComEd and PECO are
authorized to charge by their state regulatory commissions. To the extent that customers leave traditional bundled tariffs and select a different electric supplier, ComEd’s and PECO’s revenues are likely to decline, and revenues and gross
margins could vary from period to period. 

The effect of higher purchased gas cost
charges to customers may decrease PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

Gas rates charged to customers are comprised primarily of purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to PECO, and distribution charges, which provide a return or profit to PECO. Purchased gas cost charges,
which comprise most of a customer’s bill and may be adjusted quarterly, represent gas commodity costs that PECO recovers from customers. PECO’s cash flows can be impacted by differences between the time period when gas is purchased and the
ultimate recovery from customers. When purchased gas cost charges increase substantially, as they have throughout 

44 

Table of Contents

2005 in response to higher gas procurement costs incurred by PECO, customer usage may decrease, resulting in lower distribution charges and lower profit margins for
PECO. In addition, increased purchased gas cost charges to customers also may result in increased bad debt expense from an increase in the number of uncollectible accounts receivable. 

The effects of weather and the related impact on electricity and gas usage may decrease ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations.

Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase
summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below moderate levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. As a corollary, moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy
and resulting revenues. Because of seasonal pricing differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, ComEd and PECO typically report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year. However, extreme weather conditions or storms may
stress ComEd’s and PECO’s transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting its ability to meet peak customer demand. These extreme conditions may have detrimental effects on
ComEd’s and PECO’s operations. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s businesses are
capital intensive and the costs of capital projects may be significant. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in internal infrastructure projects. ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if
either is unable to effectively manage their respective capital projects. 

Other

Exelon’s and ComEd’s goodwill may become further impaired, which
would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts. 

Exelon and
ComEd had approximately $3.5 billion of goodwill recorded at December 31, 2005. This goodwill was recognized and recorded in connection with the PECO / Unicom merger. With the proposed Merger with PSEG, it is anticipated that approximately $6
billion to $7 billion of additional goodwill will be recorded at Exelon across various business units. See the Merger section below for further discussion. Under GAAP, the goodwill will remain at its recorded amount unless it is determined to be
impaired, which is based upon an annual analysis prescribed by SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” (SFAS No. 142) that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. If an impairment
occurs, such as the one recorded during 2005, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written off and expensed, reducing equity. Under Illinois law, any impairment of goodwill has no impact on the determination of ComEd’s rate cap through
the transition period. 

There is a possibility that additional goodwill
may be impaired at ComEd, and at Exelon, in 2006 or later periods. The actual timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments in future years will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables, including changing interest rates,
utility sector market performance, ComEd’s capital structure, market prices for power, results of ComEd’s post 2006 rate proceedings, operating and capital expenditure requirements and other factors, some not yet known. 

See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates for further discussion on goodwill
impairments. 

45 

Table of Contents

Generation 

Market Transition Risks 

Generation will be exposed to increased market risk and price volatility after the expiration of significant purchase power arrangements after 2006. 

Generation sells a majority of its output to ComEd and PECO under long-term PPAs. As a result of the pending expiration of the PPA
between Generation and ComEd at the end of 2006, Generation will be exposed to increased commodity price risk associated with the electricity historically sold to serve ComEd’s load obligations. Generation will continue to be exposed to
fluctuations in commodity prices for electricity after 2006 for the unhedged portion of its electricity trading portfolio. Generation has been and will continue to be proactive in looking for hedging strategies to mitigate this risk. Accordingly,
Generation may need to sell more electricity at market-based prices than it currently does. Increased market sales and new contractual arrangements under a competitive model may adversely affect Generation’s credit risk due to an increase in
the number of customers and the loss of a highly predictable revenue source. 

Although the order issued by the ICC authorizes the reverse-auction competitive bidding process for procurement of power after 2006 for ComEd, that decision remains subject to petitions for rehearing and is likely to be challenged in court.
In addition, the Illinois General Assembly has held hearings concerning generation procurement post 2006 and it may choose to take further action on this issue. In April 2005, a proposed amendment to the Illinois Public Utilities Act was introduced
in Committee hearings in the Illinois legislature, which, if enacted into law, would have extended the current “rate freeze” and transition period for an additional two years. However, the proposed amendment was defeated in Committee.
Generation cannot predict the results of those challenges or whether the Illinois General Assembly might take further action that could have a material impact on Generation, including actions that would attempt to require Generation to enter
into a full requirements PPA with ComEd to sell power at below market prices beginning in 2007. 

Generation’s business may be negatively affected by the restructuring of the energy industry. 

Regional Transmission Organizations.

 Generation is dependent on wholesale energy markets and open transmission access and rights by which
Generation delivers power to its wholesale customers, including ComEd and PECO. Generation uses the wholesale regional energy markets to sell power that Generation does not need to satisfy its long-term contractual obligations, to meet long-term
obligations not provided by its own resources and to take advantage of price opportunities. 

Wholesale markets have only been implemented in certain areas of the country and each market has unique features which may create trading barriers among the markets. The FERC has proposed initiatives, including RTOs, to
encourage the development of large regional, uniform markets and to eliminate trade barriers. The FERC’s effort to promote RTOs throughout the states has generated substantial opposition by some state regulators and other governmental bodies.
In addition, efforts to develop a RTO have been abandoned in certain regions. Generation supports the development of RTOs and implementation of standard market protocols for these regions, and others, but cannot predict their success or whether they
will lead to the development of the large, successful wholesale markets. 

Approximately 79% of Generation’s generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the region encompassed by PJM, following PJM’s expansion to the Midwest
markets in 2004. The PJM market has been the most successful and liquid regional market. Generation’s future results of operations may be negatively affected by the continued expansion of that market or the implementation of any market changes
mandated by the FERC. 

46 

Table of Contents

Provider of Last Resort.

 As discussed above, ComEd and PECO have POLR obligations that they
have effectively transferred to Generation through full-requirements contracts. Because the choice of an electricity generation supplier lies with the customer, planning to meet these obligations has a higher level of uncertainty than that
traditionally experienced due to weather and the economy. It is difficult for Generation to plan the electricity demand of ComEd and PECO customers. The uncertainty regarding the amount of ComEd and PECO load for which Generation must provide
increases Generation’s costs and may limit its sales opportunities. A significant under-estimation of the electric-load requirements of ComEd and PECO could result in Generation not having enough power to cover its supply obligation, in which
case Generation would be required to buy power from third parties or in the spot markets at prevailing market prices. Those prices may not be as favorable, or as manageable, as Generation’s long-term supply expenses and thus could increase
Generation’s total costs. 

Generation may not be able to effectively respond to
competition in the energy industry. 

As a result of industry
restructuring, numerous generation companies created by the disaggregation of vertically integrated utilities have become active in the wholesale power generation business. In addition, independent power producers (IPP) have become prevalent in the
wholesale power industry. These new generating facilities may be more efficient than Generation’s facilities. The introduction of new technologies could increase competition, which could lower prices and have an adverse effect on
Generation’s results of operations or financial condition. Generation’s financial performance depends on its ability to respond to competition in the energy industry. 

Generation may not be able to effectively respond to increased demand for energy. 

As the demand for electricity rises in the future, it may be necessary to increase
capacity through the construction of new generating facilities. Both Illinois and Pennsylvania statutes contemplate that future generation will be built at the risk of market participants. Any construction of new generating facilities by Generation
would be subject to market concentration tests administered by the FERC. If Generation cannot pass these tests administered by the FERC, it could be limited in how it responds to increased demand for energy. Generation’s financial growth
depends on its ability to respond to increased demand for energy. 

Nuclear
Operations Risks 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively
affected by liabilities arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities. 

Nuclear capacity factors.
 Capacity factors, particularly nuclear capacity factors, significantly affect Generation’s results of operations. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating
costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently, to be successful, Generation must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower
capacity factors increase Generation’s operating costs by requiring Generation to generate additional energy from its fossil or hydroelectric facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy
Generation’s obligations to ComEd and PECO and other committed third-party sales. These sources generally have a higher operating cost than Generation incurs to generate energy from its nuclear stations. 

Refueling outages.
 Outages at nuclear stations to replenish fuel
require the station to be “turned off.” Refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and currently average approximately 24 days in duration. When refueling outages at wholly and co-owned plants last longer
than anticipated or Generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and Generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales. Each 24-day outage, depending on the capacity of the
station, will decrease the total nuclear annual 

47 

Table of Contents

capacity factor between 0.3% and 0.5%. The number of refueling outages, including the AmerGen plants and the co-owned plants, was eleven in 2005 with eleven planned
for 2006. The projected total non-fuel capital expenditures for the nuclear plants operated by Generation will increase in 2006 compared to 2005 by approximately $39 million as Generation continues to invest in equipment upgrades to ensure safe
reliable operations. Maintenance expenditures are expected to increase by approximately $67 million in 2006 compared to 2005 as a result of inflationary cost increases and one additional planned nuclear outage at the nuclear stations operated and
wholly owned by Generation. 

Nuclear fuel
quality

. The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by Generation can affect the efficiency and costs of Generation’s operations. Certain of Generation’s nuclear units have been identified as having a limited number of fuel
performance issues. Remediation actions, including those required to address performance issues, could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization and/or increased outage costs. It is difficult to predict the total cost of these
remediation procedures. 

Spent nuclear fuel storage.

Generation incurs costs on an annual basis for the storage of spent nuclear fuel. Under the terms of the settlement reached with the DOE in 2004, Generation is being reimbursed for costs of spent fuel storage only after costs are incurred
and only for costs resulting from DOE delays in accepting the fuel. The approval of a national repository for the storage of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain, Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will
significantly affect the costs associated with storage of spent nuclear fuel, and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE under the settlement. Also, the availability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel may affect the ability to fully
decommission the nuclear units. In addition, the State of Nevada recently challenged the NRC’s “waste confidence” rule, 10 CFR 51.23, pursuant to which, the NRC has determined that, if necessary, spent fuel generated in any reactor
can be stored safely and without significant environmental impacts for at least 30 years beyond the licensed life for operation, which may include the term of a revised or renewed license of that reactor, at its spent fuel storage basis or at either
onsite or offsite independent spent fuel storage installations. The rule remains in place at this time, and is unlikely to be revised in the near future unless the D.C. Circuit overturns the NRC’s denial of Nevada’s petition. Under the
waste confidence rule, the NRC has made a determination that, if necessary, spent fuel generated in any reactor can be stored safely and without significant environmental impacts for at least 30 years beyond the licensed life for operation, which
may include the term of a revised or renewed license, of that reactor at its spent fuel storage basis or at either onsite or offsite independent spent fuel storage installations. If the NRC changes or is forced to change its determination it could
affect the nuclear generating stations ability to store additional waste. 

License Renewals.
 Generation’s nuclear facilities are currently operating under 40-year NRC licenses. Generation has applied for and received 20-year renewals for the licenses that will be expiring in the next ten years
or, in the case of Oyster Creek, an order that will permit Oyster Creek to operate beyond its license expiration in April 2009 if the NRC has not completed reviewing the application for renewal. Generation intends to evaluate opportunities, as
permitted by the NRC, to apply for license renewals for some or all of the remaining licenses. If the renewals are granted, Generation cannot assure that economics will support the continued operation of the facilities for all or any portion of the
renewed license. If the NRC does not renew the operating licenses for Generation’s nuclear stations or a station cannot be operated until the end of its operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected by
increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning payments. 

Should a national policy for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel not be developed, the unavailability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel could become a consideration by the NRC during future nuclear license renewal proceedings, including
applications for new licenses, and may affect Generation’s ability to fully decommission its nuclear units. 

48 

Table of Contents

Environmental risk. 
In July 2004, the EPA issued the final Phase II rule implementing
Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act. This rule establishes national requirements for reducing the adverse environmental impacts from the entrainment and impingement of aquatic organisms at existing power plants. The rule identifies particular
standards of performance with respect to entrainment and impingement and requires each facility to monitor and validate this performance in future years. The requirements will be implemented through state-level NPDES permit programs. All of
Generation’s power generation facilities with cooling water systems are subject to the regulations. Facilities without closed-cycle recirculating systems (e.g. cooling towers) are potentially most affected. Those facilities are Clinton, Cromby
Dresden, Eddystone, Fairless Hills, Handley, Mountain Creek, New Boston, Oyster Creek, Peach Bottom, Quad Cities and Salem. During the NJDEP system permit renewal process for both Salem and Oyster Creek, the NJDEP primarily concluded that
closed-cycle cooling for Salem and Oyster Creek and environmental restoration for Oyster Creek are the only viable compliance options for Section 316(b). See ITEM 1. Business section for further details on Environmental Water Regulations.
AmerGen and PSEG have not made a determination regarding how compliance of Section 316(b) will be met for Oyster Creek and Salem. If application of the Section 316(b) regulations requires the retrofitting of Oyster Creek and Salem’s
cooling water intake structure, or extensive wetlands restoration, this could result in material costs of compliance. In addition, the amount of the costs required to retrofit Oyster Creek may negatively impact Generation’s decision to renew
the operating license. 

Regulatory risk

. The NRC may
modify, suspend or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. A change in the Atomic Energy Act
or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial
position. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation, may cause the NRC to initiate such actions. 

Operational risk

. Operations at any of Generation’s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where Generation has to shut down
the plant or operate at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. Generation may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or
returning the plant to full capacity. In either event, Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. For plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation may also incur
liability to the co-owners. 

In January 2004, the NRC issued a letter to
PSEG to conduct a review of its Salem facility, of which Generation owns 42.59%, to assess the workplace environment for raising and addressing safety issues. Since that time, PSEG has worked with the NRC under its oversight program to address the
matters, which focus on a safety conscious work environment, raised by the NRC’s letter. Throughout 2005, PSEG has and will continue to provide updated information to the NRC as required under their workplan. 

The spent fuel pool at each Salem Unit has an installed leakage collection system. This
normal leakage path was found to be obstructed, causing concern about the extent of leakage contact with the fuel handling building’s concrete structure. PSEG is developing a solution to maintain the design function of the leakage collection
system and is investigating the extent of any structural degradation caused by the leakage. The investigation should take approximately one year. If any significant degradation is identified, the repair costs to the owners of the facility could be
material. The NRC issued Information Notice 2004-05 in March 2004 concerning this emerging industry issue and Generation cannot predict what further actions the NRC may take on this matter. 

49 

Table of Contents

Nuclear accident risk

.

 Although the safety record of nuclear reactors, including
Generation’s, generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the United States and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting
liability from a nuclear accident may exceed Generation’s resources, including insurance coverages, and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position. 

Nuclear insurance.

 The Price-Anderson Act limits the liability of
nuclear reactor owners for claims that could arise from a single incident. The limit as of December 31, 2005 is $10.76 billion and is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation and changes in the number of licensed reactors. As
required by the Price-Anderson Act, Generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance (currently $300 million for each operating site). Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a
financial protection pool. In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $10.76 billion limit. 

Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited (NEIL), a mutual insurance company to which Generation belongs, provides property and business
interruption insurance for Generation’s nuclear operations. In recent years, NEIL has made distributions to its members. Generation’s distribution for 2005 was $40 million, which was recorded as a reduction to operating and maintenance
expenses in its Consolidated Statement of Income. Generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will continue at all. 

Decommissioning.
 Generation has an obligation to decommission its nuclear power plants. The ICC permits ComEd, and the PAPUC permits PECO, to collect
funds from their customers, which are deposited in nuclear decommissioning trust funds maintained by Generation. Collections by ComEd are limited and permitted only through 2006. The collections by ComEd and PECO are based on estimates of
decommissioning costs for each of the nuclear facilities in which Generation has an ownership interest, other than AmerGen facilities. The ICC permitted ComEd to recover $73 million per year from retail customers for decommissioning for the years
2001 through 2004 and, depending upon the portion of the output of certain generating stations taken by ComEd, up to $73 million in 2005 and 2006. Because ComEd did not take all of the output of these stations, actual collections were $68 million in
2005 and are expected to be approximately the same in 2006. Subsequent to 2006, there will be no further recoveries of decommissioning costs from ComEd’s customers. PECO is currently recovering $33 million annually for nuclear decommissioning.
Generation expects that these collections will continue through the operating license life of each of the former PECO units, with adjustments every five years to reflect changes in cost estimates and decommissioning trust fund performance. These
trust funds, together with earnings thereon, will be used to decommission such nuclear facilities. Decommissioning expenditures are expected to occur primarily after the plants are retired. Based on current licenses and anticipated renewals,
decommissioning expenditures for plants in operation are currently estimated to begin in 2029. To fund future decommissioning costs, Generation held $5.6 billion of investments in trust funds at December 31, 2005. 

NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate
reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for Generation’s
four retired units) addressing Generation’s ability to meet the NRC-estimated funding levels (NRC Funding Levels) including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the decommissioning trust funds. As of December 31, 2005, one of
Generation’s 23 units is currently underfunded by less than three percent with respect to NRC Funding Levels. Generation will submit its next biennial report to the NRC in March 2006. 

50 

Table of Contents

In 2003, GAO published a study on the NRC’s need for more effective analyses to ensure the adequate
accumulation of funds to decommission nuclear power plants in the United States. As it has in the past, the GAO concluded that accumulated and future proposed funding was inadequate to achieve NRC Funding Levels at a number of U.S. nuclear plants,
including a number of Generation’s plants. Forecasting investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. Ultimately, when
decommissioning activities are initiated, if the investments held by Generation’s nuclear decommissioning trusts are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of Generation’s nuclear plants, Generation may be required to provide other
means of funding its decommissioning obligations. 

Other Operating Risks

Financial performance and load requirements may be adversely affected if
Generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio. 

The
majority of Generation’s portfolio is used to provide power under long-term PPAs with ComEd and PECO. To the extent portions of the portfolio are not needed for that purpose, Generation’s output is sold on the wholesale market. To the
extent its portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of ComEd and PECO, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Generation’s financial results may be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet
the load requirements of ComEd and PECO, manage its power portfolio and effectively handle the changes in the wholesale power markets. 

Generation relies on the availability of electric transmission facilities that it does not own or control to deliver its wholesale electric power to the purchasers of the power,
which may adversely affect its ability to deliver power to its customers. 

Generation depends on transmission facilities owned and operated by other companies, including ComEd and PECO, to deliver the power that it sells at wholesale. If transmission at these facilities is disrupted or transmission capacity is
inadequate, Generation may not be able to sell and deliver its wholesale power. The North American transmission grid is highly interconnected and, in extraordinary circumstances, disruptions at a point within the grid can cause a systemic response
that results in an extensive power outage. If a region’s power transmission infrastructure is inadequate, Generation’s recovery of wholesale costs and profits may be limited. In addition, if restrictive transmission price regulation is
imposed, the transmission companies may not have sufficient incentive to invest in expansion of transmission infrastructure. 

The FERC has commenced electric transmission initiatives that require electric transmission services to be offered unbundled from commodity sales. Although these
initiatives are designed to encourage wholesale market transactions for electricity, access to transmission systems may in fact not be available if transmission capacity is insufficient because of physical constraints or because it is contractually
unavailable. Generation also cannot predict whether transmission facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets. 

Generation is exposed to price fluctuations and other risks of the wholesale power market that are beyond its control, which may negatively impact
its results of operations. 

Generation fulfills its energy
commitments from the output of the generating facilities that it owns as well as through buying electricity under long- and short-term contracts in both the wholesale bilateral and spot markets. The excess or deficiency of energy owned or controlled
by Generation compared to its obligations exposes Generation to the risks of rising and falling prices in those markets, and Generation’s cash flows may vary accordingly. Generation’s cash flows from generation 

51 

Table of Contents

that is not used to meet its commitments to ComEd and PECO are largely dependent on wholesale prices of electricity and Generation’s ability to successfully
market energy, capacity and ancillary services. In the event that lower wholesale prices of electricity reduce Generation’s current or forecasted cash flows, the carrying value of Generation’s generating units may be determined to be
impaired and Generation would be required to incur an impairment loss. 

The wholesale spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. Many times, the next unit of electricity supplied would be supplied
from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open-market wholesale price of electricity may reflect the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert natural gas to electricity. Therefore, changes in the
supply and cost of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. 

Credit Risk.
 In the bilateral markets, Generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe Generation money or energy will not perform
their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Generation might be forced to purchase or sell power in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur
additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. In the spot markets, Generation is exposed to the risks of whatever default mechanisms exist in that market, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all
participants, which may or may not be an effective way of lessening the severity of the risk and the amounts at stake. Generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other
financial difficulties. Due to the termination of its PPA with ComEd on December 31, 2006 and its obligation to auction off output from its nuclear plants mandated by the FERC order approving the Merger, Generation’s liquidity requirements
and credit risk exposure could increase. 

In addition, the retail
businesses of Exelon Energy subject Generation to credit risk resulting from a different customer base. 

Risk of Credit Downgrades.

 Generation’s trading business is required to meet credit quality standards. If it were to lose its
investment grade credit rating or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, Generation would be required under trading agreements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may materially
adversely affect its liquidity. If Generation had lost its investment grade credit as of December 31, 2005, it would have been required to provide approximately $1,388 million in collateral. 

Immature Markets.

 Certain wholesale spot markets are new and
evolving markets that vary from region to region and are still developing practices and procedures. While the FERC has proposed initiatives to standardize wholesale spot markets, Generation cannot predict whether that effort will be successful, what
form any of these markets will eventually take or what roles Generation will play in them. Problems in or the failure of any of these markets, as was experienced in California in 2000, could adversely affect Generation’s business. 

Hedging.
 The Power Team buys and sells energy and other products in
the wholesale markets and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in Generation’s power generation portfolio. This activity, along with the effects of any specialized accounting for trading contracts, may
cause volatility in Generation’s future results of operations. 

Weather

. Generation’s operations are affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. Generation plans its business based upon normal weather assumptions. To the extent
that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, Generation may require greater resources to meet its contractual requirements to ComEd and PECO. Extreme 

52 

Table of Contents

weather conditions or storms may affect the availability of generation capacity and transmission, limiting Generation’s ability to source or send power to where
it is sold. These conditions, which may not have been fully anticipated, may have an adverse effect by causing Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when those
markets are weak. 

Power Team’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate
the risk associated with its energy trading activities. 

Power
Team’s power trading (including fuel procurement and power marketing) activities expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation attempts to manage its exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk
management procedures. These risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on
projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related
commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot predict the impact that its power trading and risk management decisions may have
on its business, operating results or financial position. 

Generation’s business
is capital intensive and the costs of capital projects may be significant. 

Generation’s business is capital intensive and requires significant investments in energy generation and in other internal infrastructure projects. Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected if Generation were
unable to effectively manage its capital projects. 

General Business 

The following risk factors may adversely impact all of the Registrants’
results of operations and cash flows. 

Results of operations may be negatively
affected by increasing costs. 

Inflation affects the Registrants
through increased operating costs and increased capital costs for plant and equipment. As a result of the rate freezes for ComEd and caps for PECO under which the businesses operate and price pressures due to competition, ComEd and PECO may not be
able to pass the costs of inflation through to their customers. In addition, the Registrants face rising medical benefit costs, which are increasing at a rate that greatly exceeds the rate of general inflation. If the Registrants are unable to
successfully manage their medical benefit costs or other increasing costs, their results of operations could be negatively affected. 

Market performance may decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding. 

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held
in trust to satisfy future obligations to decommission Generation’s nuclear plants and under Exelon’s pension and postretirement benefit plans. The Registrants have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in
these trusts. A decline in the market value of those assets, as was experienced from 2000 to 2002, may increase the funding requirements of these obligations. 

Exelon’s holding company structure could limit its ability to pay dividends. 

Exelon is a holding company with no material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. Accordingly, all of its operations are
conducted by its subsidiaries. Exelon’s ability to pay dividends on 

53 

Table of Contents

its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends by its operating subsidiaries. The payments of dividends to Exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on
their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. Under applicable Federal law, ComEd, PECO and Generation can pay dividends only from the amount of retained, undistributed or current earnings. Under Illinois
law, ComEd may not pay any dividend on its stock, unless, among other things, its earnings and earned surplus are sufficient to declare and pay a dividend after provision is made for reasonable and proper reserves, or unless ComEd has specific
authorization from the ICC. During 2005, a new board of directors with responsibilities solely for ComEd was selected. The ComEd board of directors may elect to adopt a different dividend policy. 

The Registrants may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental
and other matters. 

The businesses in which the Registrants operate
are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state and Federal authorities. These laws and regulations affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. These regulations affect how the
Registrants handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal and are an important aspect of their operations. In addition, the Registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of
property now or formerly owned by the Registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. The Registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance, site remediation and
clean-up. Remediation activities associated with MGP operations conducted by predecessor companies will be one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous
substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. 

In addition, Generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly owned generation facilities. Future legislative action, such as that proposed in The
Fairness in Asbestos Injury Resolution Act of 2005, could require Generation to contribute to a fund with a material contribution to settle lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure. 

For additional information regarding environmental matters, see “Environmental
Regulation” in ITEM 1 of this Form 10-K. 

War, acts and threats of terrorism
and natural disaster may adversely affect Exelon’s results of operations, its ability to raise capital and its future growth. 

Exelon does not know the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the industry in general and on Exelon in particular. In addition, any retaliatory
military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect its operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. The possibility alone that infrastructure
facilities, such as electric generation, electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, would be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror may affect Exelon’s operations. Additionally, the continuing military
activity in Iraq and other wars may have an adverse effect on the economy in general. A lower level of economic activity might result in a decline in energy consumption, which may adversely affect Exelon’s revenues or restrict its future
growth. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism or war may affect Exelon’s results of operations and its ability to raise capital. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures have resulted in and
are expected to continue to result in increased costs. 

Additionally,
Exelon is affected by changes in weather and the occurrence of hurricanes, storms and other natural disaster in its service territory and throughout the U.S. Severe weather or other 

54 

Table of Contents

natural disasters could be destructive which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. See Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Conditions and Results of Operation—Executive Overview in ITEM 7 for additional information on the expected impact due to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. 

Changes in the availability and cost of insurance mean that the Registrants have greater exposure to economic loss due to property damage and liability. 

The Registrants carry property damage and liability insurance for their properties and
operations. As a result of significant changes in the insurance marketplace, the available coverage and limits may be less than the amount of insurance obtained in the past, the costs of obtaining such insurance may be higher and the recovery for
losses due to terrorist acts may be limited. The Registrants are self-insured for deductibles and to the extent that any losses may exceed the amount of insurance maintained. A claim that exceeds the amounts available under their property damage and
liability insurance, together with the deductible, could negatively affect their results of operations. 

Changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations. 

Tax reserves and the recoverability of deferred tax assets. 
The
Registrants are required to make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various financial transactions and results of operations in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, real
estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeals issues related to these tax matters. These judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. The Registrants also estimate
their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. Other than as noted below, the Registrants do not record valuation allowances for
deferred tax assets related to capital losses that the Registrants believe will be realized in future periods. See Note 12 of Exelon’s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 

Increases in state income taxes. 
Due to the revenue needs of the states
in which the Registrants operate, various state income tax and fee increases have been proposed or are being considered. The Registrants cannot predict whether legislation or regulation will be introduced, the form of any legislation or regulation,
whether any such legislation or regulation will be passed by the state legislatures or regulatory bodies, or, if enacted, whether any such legislation or regulation would be effective retroactively or prospectively. If enacted, these changes could
increase state income tax expense and could have a negative impact on the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. 

1999 Sale of the Fossil Generating Assets. 
Exelon, through its ComEd subsidiary, has taken certain tax positions, which have been disclosed to the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), to defer the taxation of the gain realized on the 1999 sale of its fossil generation assets. Exelon’s ability to continue to defer all or a portion of this liability depends on whether its treatment of a portion
of the sale proceeds, as having been received in connection with an involuntary conversion, is proper pursuant to applicable law. Exelon’s ability to continue to defer the remainder of this liability may depend in part on whether its tax
characterization of a lease transaction it entered into in connection with the sale is proper pursuant to applicable law. A successful IRS challenge to ComEd’s positions would have the impact of accelerating future income tax payments and
increasing interest expense related to the deferred tax liability that becomes current. Federal tax returns covering the period of the 1999 sale are currently under IRS audit. Final resolution of this matter is not anticipated for several years.
Exelon’s potential cash outflow, including tax and interest (after tax), could be as much as $951 million. It is presently unclear the extent to which the IRS will seek to disallow the deferral of tax liability resulting from the 1999 sale of
fossil generating assets, if at all, and if it were to do so, the extent to which any 

55 

Table of Contents

such challenge would be successful. If the deferral were successfully challenged by the IRS, it could negatively impact Exelon’s results of operations by as much
as $135 million (after tax). See Note 12 of Exelon’s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 

Investments in synthetic fuel-producing facilities.
 Exelon, through three wholly owned subsidiaries has investments in synthetic fuel-producing
facilities. Section 45k of the Internal Revenue Code provides tax credits for the sale of synthetic fuel produced from coal. Exelon’s right to tax credits generated by the facilities was recorded as intangible assets which are amortized as
the tax credits are earned. Section 45k contains a provision under which tax credits are phased out (i.e., eliminated) in the event crude oil prices for a year exceed certain thresholds. Recent events, such as terrorism, natural disasters and
strong worldwide demand, have significantly increased the price of domestic crude oil and, therefore, have created uncertainty as to the value of future synthetic fuel tax credits and the net carrying value of the intangible assets. Exelon estimates
that there could be a significant phase-out of tax credits in 2006 and 2007 based on the expected futures prices. Absent any efforts to mitigate price exposure, a phase-out could result in the reduction of non-operating net income generated by the
investments and could result in substantial non-operating losses in 2006 and 2007 in the event all tax credits are completely eliminated. See Note 12 of Exelon’s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Executive Overview and Liquidity
and Capital Resources in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation for further detail. 

Exelon and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance. 

Exelon and certain of its subsidiaries have issued certain guarantees of the
performance of others, which obligate Exelon to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance of these guaranteed obligations by the third parties, Exelon and its subsidiaries could incur substantial
cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. Such performance could have a material impact on the financial statements of Exelon and its subsidiaries. See Note 20 of Exelon’s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information regarding guarantees. 

The Registrants may make acquisitions
that do not achieve the intended financial results. 

The Registrants
may continue to pursue investments that fit their strategic objectives and improve their financial performance. With the repeal of PUHCA, the Registrants are free to make investments and pursue mergers and acquisitions that were formerly not
permitted under PUHCA and that might present more risk than the types of investments and mergers and acquisitions that were permitted under PUHCA. However, with the repeal of PUHCA, it is possible that the public utility commissions of each state
may impose certain other restrictions on the investments that the Registrants may make. 

On December 20, 2004, Exelon announced the execution of the Merger Agreement with PSEG. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the Merger is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses of Exelon
and PSEG are integrated in an efficient and effective manner, as well as general competitive factors in the market place. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits from the Merger or other strategic investments could result in increased costs,
decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company and diversion of management’s time and energy and could have an adverse effect on the combined company’s business, financial condition, operating results and
prospects. See the Proposed Merger with PSEG section below for further risk information. 

Proposed Merger with PSEG 

The business of PSEG and its
subsidiaries is subject to various risks similar to risks associated with the business of Exelon and its subsidiaries. Upon completion of the Merger, the combined 

56 

Table of Contents

company will be subject to these risks of PSEG and its subsidiaries. In addition, there are various risks associated with the proposed Merger including the following:

Exelon and PSEG could fail to complete the Merger for various reasons, which could
have an adverse effect on Exelon. 

Several events must occur before
the Merger may be completed, such as the receipt of the required regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of various conditions to the obligations of each of Exelon and PSEG, including: 

•

the other party having performed in all material respects all agreements required to be performed by it under the Merger Agreement, 

•

the representations and warranties of the other party contained in the Merger Agreement being true and correct in all material respects, 

•

the absence of any material adverse effect having occurred to the other company since the date of the Merger Agreement and 

•

the approval by the NJBPU that the combined company will be able to recover Public Service Electric and Gas Company’s pension and other postretirement benefit expenses (as discussed in
more detail below). 

In addition, the Merger Agreement may
be terminated at any time prior to completion of the Merger by mutual written consent of Exelon and PSEG, by either party if a governmental authority takes any final action prohibiting the Merger, by either party if a governmental authority approves
the Merger but issues a burdensome order (as defined in the Merger Agreement), or by either party if the Merger is not completed by June 20, 2006. In addition, the Merger Agreement may be terminated by Exelon for various specific reasons,
including a material breach of any agreement of PSEG in the Merger Agreement which would result in a closing condition to the Merger not being satisfied and which cannot be cured by PSEG within 30 days after written notice is given by Exelon. PSEG
can terminate the Merger Agreement for various specific reasons, including a material breach of any agreement of Exelon in the Merger Agreement which would result in a closing condition to the Merger not being satisfied and which cannot be cured by
Exelon within 30 days after written notice is given by PSEG. If the Merger were unable to be consummated, Exelon would be required to expense previously capitalized Merger costs, totaling $46 million at December 31, 2005, which would negatively
impact its results of operations. 

Exelon may be unable to successfully integrate
PSEG’s operations or realize all of the synergies expected to be derived from the Merger. 

The Merger involves the integration of two companies that previously operated independently. The difficulties of combining each company’s operations include:

•

the necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; and 

•

integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds. 

In addition, the integration of some of Exelon’s and PSEG’s operations will require regulatory approval. 

Exelon recognizes that the process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of
one or more of the combined company’s businesses. The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the Merger and the integration of the two companies’ operations could have an
adverse effect on the business, 

57 

Table of Contents

financial condition, operating results and prospects of the combined company after the Merger, and could impair the combined company’s ability to realize the
expected synergies and other anticipated benefits of the Merger. 

The application of
the purchase method of accounting will result in approximately $6 billion to $7 billion of additional goodwill, which could become impaired following completion of the Merger. 

Under the purchase method of accounting, the total purchase price paid by Exelon in the Merger will be allocated to PSEG’s
tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based on their fair values as of the date of completion of the Merger. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values will be recorded as goodwill. Exelon expects that the Merger will result in
the creation of approximately $6 billion to $7 billion in goodwill based upon the assumptions as of the date of the completion of the Merger. As a result, upon completion of the Merger, the combined company will have approximately $10 billion to $11
billion in goodwill. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangibles becomes impaired, the combined company may be required to incur material charges relating to such impairment. Such a potential impairment charge could have a material impact on
the combined company’s operating results. 

The combined company may be unable to
obtain permission from the NJBPU to recover Public Service Electric and Gas Company’s pension and other postretirement benefit expenses, which could have an adverse effect on its cash flow and results of operation. 

Public Service Electric and Gas Company (PSE&G), a public utility subsidiary of
PSEG, is permitted by its current NJBPU rate order to recover through its rates the amortized portion of its pension expenses and other postretirement benefit expenses associated with its pension and postretirement obligations. As a result of the
application of the purchase method of accounting to these costs, the recognition of certain unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit expenses will be accelerated and, as a result, will no longer be reflected in the calculation of
pension and other postretirement benefit expenses that PSE&G’s current rate order permits it to recover. PSE&G estimates that it could have as much as $1.4 billion in unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit expenses that
it may be unable to recover following completion of the Merger unless it obtains approval from the NJBPU to permit continued recovery of those expenses in the manner the current rate order permits. Exelon and PSEG have made it a condition to
completion of the Merger that PSE&G receive an order from the NJBPU permitting PSE&G to continue to recover the pension expenses as it did prior to completion of the Merger. PSE&G has requested such an order in the Merger approval
proceeding, and no party has objected to the request for recovery, provided that the requested recovery of pension and postretirement expense would not be expected to increase rates above current levels. However, there is no assurance that PSE&G
will receive such an order from NJBPU or that if it does receive such an order, it will be permitted in future rate proceedings to continue to recover these expenses. Failure to obtain or maintain the right to recover the pension and other
postretirement benefit expenses would have an adverse effect on the combined company’s cash flow and results of operations. 

Exelon will incur significant transaction and Merger-related integration costs in connection with the Merger. 

Exelon expects to incur costs associated with consummating the Merger and integrating the operations of Exelon and PSEG, as well as
approximately $41 million in transaction costs. The estimated $41 million of transaction costs incurred by Exelon will be included as a component of the purchase price for purposes of purchase accounting. The amount of transaction fees expected to
be incurred is a preliminary estimate and subject to change. Exelon has estimated the integration costs 

58 

Table of Contents

associated with the Merger to be approximately $700 million over a period of four years, with approximately $400 million being incurred in the first full year of
operations following completion of the Merger. These estimates may change, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the businesses of the two companies. Although Exelon believes that the elimination of duplicative
costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, will offset incremental transaction and Merger-related costs over time, it cannot give any assurance that this net benefit will be achieved in the
near term, or at all. 

Exelon and PSEG will be subject to business uncertainties and
contractual restrictions while completion of the Merger is pending that could adversely affect their businesses. 

Uncertainty about the effect of the Merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on Exelon and PSEG and, consequently, on the combined company.
Although Exelon and PSEG have taken and will continue to take steps to reduce adverse effects, these uncertainties may impair Exelon’s and PSEG’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the Merger is consummated and for
a period of time thereafter, and could cause customers, suppliers and others that deal with Exelon and PSEG to seek to change existing business relationships with Exelon and PSEG. Employee retention may be particularly challenging during the
pendency of the Merger, as employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company. If, despite Exelon’s and PSEG’s retention efforts, key employees depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and
difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the combined company, the combined company’s business could be seriously harmed. In addition, the Merger Agreement restricts Exelon and PSEG from making certain acquisitions and taking
other specified actions until the Merger occurs or the Merger Agreement terminates. These restrictions may prevent Exelon and PSEG from pursuing attractive business opportunities and making other changes to their businesses that may arise prior to
completion of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement. 

The combined company
and its subsidiaries may be subject to adverse regulatory conditions following completion of the Merger. 

Before the Merger may be completed, various approvals or consents must be obtained from various utility regulatory, antitrust and other authorities in the United
States and in foreign jurisdictions. The governmental entities from which these approvals are required may fail to approve the Merger, impose conditions on completion of the Merger, or require changes to the terms of the Merger. These conditions or
changes could have the effect of delaying completion of the Merger or imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the combined company following the Merger, any of which might have a material adverse effect on the combined company
following completion of the Merger. 

On July 1, 2005, the FERC
issued an order approving the Merger and the market concentration mitigation plan proposed by Exelon and PSEG. Exelon, PSEG and the combined company may incur significant expenses in completing the divestitures contemplated by the market
concentration mitigation plan. In addition, they may have difficulty in successfully completing the divestitures for a variety of reasons and the amounts that may be realized from the divestitures will depend on market conditions that fluctuate. As
a result, the pricing and other terms realized on the divestiture may be materially different from what is currently expected. 

On September 13, 2005, PECO filed before the PAPUC a partial settlement regarding PECO’s distribution and transmission rates through 2010 and made other
financial commitments contingent upon the approval of PECO’s application to the PAPUC related to the Merger. See “Partial Settlements Before the PAPUC” in ITEM 1. Business for further detail. The settlement and the Merger have
received PAPUC approval but the settlement will not become effective unless the Merger is completed. The completion of this settlement will negatively impact the results of operations of PECO and the combined company. 

59 

Table of Contents

Under the combined company’s holding company structure, the payment of dividends to shareholders will be subject to the
ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends. 

The combined company
will be a holding company with no material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. Accordingly, all of the combined company’s operations will be conducted by its subsidiaries. The combined company’s ability to pay dividends on its
common stock will depend on the payment to it of dividends by its operating subsidiaries. These subsidiaries’ payments of dividends to the combined company in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items impacting
retained earnings. Under applicable law, PSE&G can pay dividends only from the amount of retained, undistributed or current earnings. Following completion of the Merger, a significant loss recorded at PSE&G may limit the dividends that
PSE&G can distribute to Exelon. As a condition to approval of other utility mergers, the NJBPU has imposed dividends restrictions. Exelon can give no assurance that a similar restriction will not be imposed on PSE&G. In addition, PSEG Energy
Holdings LLC and its subsidiaries are parties to debt agreements that restrict their ability to pay dividends, make cash distributions or otherwise transfer funds to PSEG, or after completion of the Merger, the combined company. 

PSEG’s business is, and the combined company’s business will be, subject to extensive
regulation that will affect operations and costs. 

The combined
company will be subject to regulation by FERC and the NRC, by Federal, state and local authorities under environmental laws and by state public utility commissions under laws regulating Exelon’s and PSEG’s distribution businesses, among
others. See “Changes in ComEd’s and PECO’s terms and conditions of service, including its rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings that are contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which introduce time delays in
effecting rate changes as well as uncertainty as to the ultimate result” above for further discussion. Additionally, the combined company will also be subject to additional risks currently applicable to PSEG as described below. 

PSE&G’s New Jersey base rates for electric and gas distribution are subject to
regulation by the NJBPU and are effective until a new base rate case is filed and concluded. In addition, limited categories of costs are recovered through adjustment charges that are periodically reset to reflect current costs. The inability to
recover material costs not included in base rates or adjustment clauses could have an adverse effect on cash flow and financial position of the combined company. 

PSEG Global LLC (PSEG Global) is a subsidiary of PSEG with rate-regulated electric and gas distribution facilities located in various
foreign jurisdictions. Governmental authorities establish rates charged to customers. While these rates are designed to cover all operating costs and provide a return, considerable fiscal and cash uncertainties in certain countries due to local
regulation or economic, political and social crisis could have an adverse impact. In addition, future rates may not be adequate to provide cash flow to pay principal and interest on the debt of PSEG Global’s subsidiaries and affiliates or to
enable its subsidiaries and affiliates to comply with the terms of debt agreements. 

The combined company’s generation business may incur additional costs and liabilities due to its ownership and operation of additional nuclear facilities. 

Following completion of the Merger, it is expected that, prior to giving effect to any divestitures required by governmental
authorities to complete the Merger and prior to implementing the combined company’s anticipated strategy of divesting assets that do not meet the strategic objectives of the combined company, approximately 46% of the combined company’s
owned generation capacity will be nuclear and the combined company will own approximately 20% of the nuclear generation capacity in the United States. To the extent there are divestitures of fossil assets, such as described in “The 

60 

Table of Contents

combined company may be subject to adverse regulatory conditions following completion of the Merger” above, the percentage of the combined company’s owned
generation capacity which is nuclear will increase. Accordingly, the combined company will have greater exposure to risks that adversely affect the nuclear generation industry compared to other companies in the utility industry. See
“Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by liabilities arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities” above for further discussion. 

The combined company’s generation business may incur additional costs and liabilities and be exposed to volatility as a result of expanded
participation in the wholesale energy markets. 

Generation and PSEG,
and the combined company, will sell electricity in the wholesale energy markets. Generation and PSEG are subject to many of the same risks in the wholesale energy markets. See “Generation is exposed to price fluctuations and other risks of the
wholesale power market that are beyond its control, which may negatively impact its results of operations” above for further discussion. Following completion of the proposed Merger, the combined company will be subject to additional risks
associated with participation in the wholesale energy markets as described below. 

The trading business of the combined company after the Merger will be required to meet credit quality standards. If the generation business of the combined company were to lose its investment grade credit rating or otherwise fail to satisfy
the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under trading agreements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may materially adversely affect the liquidity of the combined company. See
“Generation is exposed to price fluctuations and other risks of the wholesale power market that are beyond its control, which may negatively impact its results of operations” above for further discussion. If PSEG Power had lost its
investment grade credit rating as of December 31, 2005, it would have been required to provide approximately $916 million in additional collateral. Due to the increased size of the combined company’s generation business, a trading
counterparty that does business with both Generation and PSEG Power might impose credit limits or other credit quality standards on the combined company’s generation business that are more restrictive than would otherwise be applicable to
Generation and PSEG Power as separate operations. 

The IRS might successfully
challenge certain leveraged lease transactions entered into by PSEG, which could have a material adverse impact on the combined company’s operating results. 

From 1996 through 2002, PSEG, through its indirect wholly owned subsidiary, PSEG Resources, entered into a number of leveraged lease
transactions in the ordinary course of business. Certain of those transactions that were previously entered into are similar to a type that the IRS subsequently announced its intention to challenge, and PSEG understands that similar transactions
entered into by other companies have been the subject of review and challenge by the IRS. The IRS is presently reviewing the tax returns of PSEG and its subsidiaries for tax years 1997 through 2000, years when Resources entered into some of these
transactions. 

On September 27, 2005, the IRS proposed to disallow
PSEG’s deductions associated with certain of these leveraged leases which have been designated by the IRS as listed transactions. Other lease transactions within the audit period are still under the IRS’s review. The IRS may propose
additional disallowances in the future. If deductions associated with these lease transactions entered into by PSEG are successfully challenged by the IRS, it could have a material adverse impact on the combined company’s financial position,
results of operations and net cash flows and could impact future returns on these transactions. 

61 

Table of Contents

If the tax benefits associated with the above referenced lease transactions were completely disallowed by the IRS,
approximately $660 million of deferred tax liabilities that have been recorded under leveraged lease accounting through December 31, 2005 could become currently payable. In addition, interest expense of approximately $86 million, after tax, and
penalties could be assessed. 

The FASB is currently considering a
modification to GAAP for leveraged leases. Under present GAAP, a tax settlement with the IRS that results in a change in the timing of tax liabilities would not require an accounting repricing of the lease investment. As such, income from the lease
would continue to accrue at the original economic yield computed for the lease and there would be no write-down of the lease investment. 

The proposal concerning leveraged leases would require a lessor to perform a recalculation of a leveraged lease when there is a change in the timing of the
realization of tax benefits generated by the lease. It would also require a lessor to re-evaluate classification as a leveraged lease when a recalculation of the lease is performed. If implemented in its present form, the impact of this proposal on
the combined company could be material. 

Because a portion of the combined
company’s business will be conducted outside the United States, adverse international developments could negatively impact its business. 

Following completion of the Merger and prior to implementing the combined company’s anticipated strategy of divesting assets that do not meet the strategic
objectives of the combined company, it is expected that revenues generated from sources outside the United States and assets located outside the United States will each be less than 5% of the total combined company, most of which will be held by and
generated from PSEG Global. 

The economic and political conditions in
certain countries where PSEG Global has interests present risks that may be different from, or more extensive than, those found in the United States including: 

•

foreign currency fluctuations; 

•

risks of war; 

•

expropriation; 

•

nationalization; 

•

renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts; and 

•

changes in law or tax policy. 

Changes in the legal environment in foreign countries in which PSEG Global has investments could make it more difficult to obtain non-recourse project refinancing
on suitable terms and could impair PSEG Global’s ability to enforce its rights under agreements relating to such projects. In addition, such changes could make it more difficult for the combined company to pursue an accelerated strategy of
selling certain of PSEG Global’s investments that no longer meet the strategic objectives of the combined company. 

Operations in foreign countries also present risks associated with currency exchange and convertibility, inflation and repatriation of earnings. In countries in
which PSEG Global operates in the future, economic and monetary conditions and other factors could affect PSEG Global’s ability to convert its cash distributions to United States dollars or other freely convertible currencies, or to move funds
offshore from these countries. Furthermore, the central bank of any of these countries may have the authority to suspend, restrict or otherwise impose conditions on foreign exchange transactions or to 

62 

Table of Contents

approve distributions to foreign investors. Although PSEG Global generally seeks to structure purchase power contracts and other project revenue agreements to provide
for payments to be made in, or indexed to, United States dollars or a currency freely convertible into United States dollars, its ability to do so in all cases may be limited. 

The combined company’s results of operations may be affected by its ability to divest unprofitable or under-performing businesses.

The combined company will pursue opportunities to sell businesses
and assets that either do not meet the strategic objectives of the combined company or are unprofitable. The combined company may incur significant expenses in divesting these businesses. The combined company also may be unable to successfully
implement this strategy for a number of reasons, including an inability to locate appropriate buyers or to negotiate acceptable terms for the transactions. In addition, the amounts that the combined company may realize from a divestiture are subject
to fluctuating market conditions that may contribute to pricing and other terms that are materially different than expected and could result in a loss on the sale. Timing of any divestitures may positively or negatively affect the combined
company’s results of operations and cash flows.