Each of the Registrants operates in a market and regulatory environment that poses significant risks, many of which are beyond each
Registrant’s control. Management of each Registrant regularly meets with the Chief Risk Officer and the RMC, which is comprised of officers of the Registrants, to identify and evaluate the most significant risks of the Registrants’
businesses, and the appropriate steps to manage and mitigate those risks. The Chief Risk Officer and senior executives of the Registrants discuss those risks with the Risk Oversight and Audit Committees of the Exelon Board of Directors and the ComEd
and PECO Boards of Directors. In addition, the Exelon Board of Directors’ Generation Oversight and Energy Delivery Oversight Committees, respectively, evaluate risks related to the generation and energy delivery businesses. The risk factors
discussed below may adversely affect one or more of the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows and the market prices of their publicly traded securities. Each of the Registrants has disclosed the material risks known to it to affect
its business at this time. However, there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may in the future adversely affect its performance or financial condition.

The Registrants’ most significant risks arise as a
consequence of: (1) Generation’s position as a predominantly nuclear generator selling power into competitive wholesale markets, and (2) the role of both ComEd and PECO as operators of electric transmission and distribution systems in
two of the 

30 

Table of Contents

largest metropolitan areas in the United States. The Registrants’ major risks fall primarily under the following categories: 

•

 Market and Financial Risks.
 Exelon’s and Generation’s market and financial risks include the risk of price fluctuations in the wholesale
power markets. Wholesale power prices are a function of supply and demand, which in turn are driven by factors such as the price of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas and coal, that drive the wholesale market prices that Generation’s
nuclear power plants can command, the rate of expansion of subsidized low carbon generation such as wind energy in the markets in which Generation’s output is sold, and the impacts on energy demand of factors such as weather, economic
conditions and implementation of energy efficiency and demand response programs. 

•

 Regulatory and Legislative Risks.
 The Registrants regulatory and legislative risks include changes to the laws and regulations that govern
competitive markets and utility cost recovery, and that drive environmental policy. In particular, Exelon’s and Generation’s financial performance may be adversely affected by changes that could affect Generation’s ability to sell
power into the competitive wholesale power markets at market-based prices. In addition, potential regulation and legislation regarding climate change and renewable portfolio standards could increase the pace of development of wind energy facilities,
which could put downward pressure in some markets on wholesale market prices for electricity from Generation’s nuclear assets, partially offsetting any additional value Exelon and Generation might derive from Generation’s nuclear assets
under a carbon constrained regulatory regime that might exist in the future. 

•

 Operational Risks.
 The Registrants operational risks include those risks inherent in running the nation’s largest fleet of nuclear power
reactors and large electric and gas distribution systems. The safe and effective operation of the nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the associated decommissioning obligations as well as the ability to maintain the
availability, reliability and safety of its energy delivery systems are fundamental to Exelon’s ability to protect and grow shareholder value. Additionally, the operating costs of ComEd and PECO and the opinions of customers and regulators of
ComEd and PECO are affected by those companies’ ability to maintain the reliability and safety of their energy delivery systems. 

A discussion of each of these risks and other risk factors is included below. 

Market and Financial Risks 

Generation is exposed to price fluctuations in the wholesale power market, which
may negatively affect its results of operations. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation hedges the price risk associated with the generation it owns, or controls through long-term power purchase agreements. Absent any hedging activity through long-term, fixed price transactions, Generation
would be exposed to the risk of rising and falling spot market prices in the markets in which its assets are located, which would mean that Generation’s cash flows would vary accordingly. 

The wholesale spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying
the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. Many times, the next unit of electricity will be supplied from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels, and, therefore, the market price of power will reflect the market price of the
marginal fuel. As such, changes in the market price of fossil fuels will cause comparable changes to the market price of power. For example, the use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is expected to increase natural gas
supply and reserves, which will tend to place further downward pressure on natural gas prices and could reduce Generation’s revenue, and, therefore, adversely affect the its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, in
the event that alternative generation resources, such as wind 

31 

Table of Contents

and solar, are mandated through RPS or otherwise subsidized or encouraged through climate legislation or regulation and added to the supply, they could displace a higher marginal cost fossil
plant, which could reduce the price at which market participants sell their electricity. This occurrence could then reduce the market price at which all generators in that region, including Generation, would sell their output. 

The market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the
demand for electricity. Poorer than expected economic conditions, milder than normal weather, and the growth of energy efficiency and demand response programs can depress demand. The result is that higher-cost generating resources do not run as
frequently, putting downward pressure on market prices for electricity. The continued sluggish economy in the United States has in fact led to a slow down in the growth of demand for electricity. If this continues, it could adversely affect the
Registrants’ ability to pay dividends or fund other discretionary uses of cash such as growth projects. A slow recovery could result in a prolonged depression of or further decline in commodity prices, which could also adversely affect
Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

In addition to price fluctuations, Generation is exposed to other risks of the wholesale power market that are beyond its control and may negatively affect its results of operations. (Exelon and Generation)

Credit Risk.
 In the bilateral markets,
Generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe Generation money, or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from Generation, will not perform their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the counterparties to
these arrangements fail to perform, Generation might be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. In
the spot markets, Generation is exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily RTO’s and ISO’s, the purpose of which is to spread such risk across all market participants. Generation
is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. In addition, the retail businesses subject Generation to credit risk through competitive electricity and
natural gas supply activities to serve commercial and industrial companies. Retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. This risk represents the loss that may be incurred due to the nonpayment of a
customer’s account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer. 

Unstable Markets. 
The wholesale spot markets remain evolving markets that vary from region to region and are still developing
practices and procedures. Problems in or the failure of any of these markets could adversely affect Generation’s business. In addition, a significant decrease in market participation could affect market liquidity and have a detrimental effect
on market stability. 

Market performance and other factors may decrease
the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets and increase the related obligations, which then could require significant additional funding. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived
effects on particular businesses and the greater economy may adversely affect the value of the investments held within Generation’s NDTs and Exelon’s employee benefit plan trusts. The Registrants have significant obligations in these areas
and Exelon and Generation hold substantial assets in these trusts. The asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below the Registrants’ projected return rates. A decline in the market value
of the NDT fund investments may increase the funding requirements to decommission Generation’s nuclear plants. A decline in the market value of the pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets will increase the funding requirements
associated 

32 

Table of Contents

with Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Additionally, Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest
rates. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. Changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions may also
increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. If future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets or other factors are not recoverable
from ComEd and PECO customers, the results of operations and financial positions of ComEd and PECO could be negatively affected. Ultimately, if the Registrants are unable to manage the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets and
obligations, their results of operations and financial positions could be negatively affected. 

Unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets may adversely affect the Registrants’ businesses in several ways, including the availability and cost of short-term funds
for liquidity requirements, the Registrants’ ability to meet long-term commitments, Generation’s ability to hedge effectively its generation portfolio, and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets; each could adversely affect
the Registrants’ financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet
their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from the Registrants’ respective operations. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets can adversely affect the Registrants’ ability to
access the capital markets or draw on their respective bank revolving credit facilities. The Registrants’ access to funds under those credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their
funding commitments. Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the Registrants if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from the Registrants and other
borrowers within a short period of time. Longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in
the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, changes to Generation’s hedging strategy to reduce collateral-posting requirements, or a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. 

In addition, the credit facilities for Exelon, Generation and PECO
largely expire in October 2012. Exelon anticipates refinancing these credit facilities, approximately $6.4 billion, in the first half of 2011. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets could reduce or restrict the Registrants’ ability to
secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. The Registrants may choose to establish cost-effective alternative liquidity sources as appropriate. 

The strength and depth of competition in competitive energy markets
depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that may affect participants in commodities
transactions. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of the
Registrants. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the
requirement of long-term contracts such as the financial swap contract between Generation and ComEd as described further in Note 2 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which could have a material adverse effect on
Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations and cash flows. 

33 

Table of Contents

If any of the Registrants were to experience a downgrade in its credit ratings to below investment grade or
otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of its trading counterparties, it would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under its agreements with counterparties and could experience higher borrowing costs. (Exelon,
Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Generation’s trading
business is subject to credit quality standards that may require market participants to post collateral for their obligations. If Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating)
or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under trading agreements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity.
The amount of collateral required to be provided by Generation at any point in time is dependent on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional amount of trading positions, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and
(3) changes in power or other commodity prices. In addition, if Generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. Generation could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the
credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the power generation industry or Generation has deteriorated. Changes in ratings methodologies by the credit rating agencies could
also have a negative impact on the ratings of Generation. 

ComEd’s financial swap contract with Generation and its operating agreement with PJM contain collateral provisions that are affected by its
credit rating and market prices. If certain wholesale market conditions exist and ComEd were to lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be required under the financial swap contract with
Generation to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. Collateral posting by ComEd under the financial swap will generally increase as forward market prices fall and
decrease as forward market prices rise. Conversely, collateral requirements under the PJM operating agreement will generally increase as market prices rise and decrease as market prices fall. Given the relationship to market prices, contract
collateral requirements can be volatile. In addition, if ComEd were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. 

PECO’s operating agreement with PJM and its power and natural gas procurement contracts contain collateral provisions that are affected by its
credit rating. If certain wholesale market conditions exist and PECO were to lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be required to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash,
which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. PECO’s collateral requirements relating to its natural gas supply contracts are a function of market prices. Collateral posting requirements for PECO with respect to these contracts
will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. Given the relationship to forward market prices, contract collateral requirements can be volatile. In addition, if PECO were downgraded, it could
experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. 

Either or both ComEd and PECO could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the utility
industry in general or ComEd or PECO in particular has deteriorated. ComEd or PECO could experience a downgrade if the current regulatory environments in Illinois and Pennsylvania become less predictable by materially lowering returns for utilities
in the applicable state or adopting other measures to mitigate higher electricity prices. Additionally, the ratings for ComEd or PECO could be downgraded if either company’s financial results are weakened from current levels due to weaker
operating performance or due to a failure to properly manage its capital structure. In addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings of ComEd or PECO. 

34 

Table of Contents

ComEd and PECO conduct their respective businesses and operate under governance models and other
arrangements and procedures intended to assure that ComEd and PECO are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate ComEd and PECO from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in the
event of financial difficulty at Exelon or another Exelon subsidiary. These measures (commonly referred to as “ringfencing”) may help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit ratings of ComEd and PECO in the event of a reduction in the
credit rating of Exelon. Despite these ringfencing measures, the credit ratings of ComEd or PECO could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of Exelon. Consequently, a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon could result in a
reduction of the credit rating of ComEd or PECO, or both. A reduction in the credit rating of ComEd or PECO could have a material adverse effect on ComEd or PECO, respectively. 

See Liquidity and Capital Resources—Recent Market Conditions and
Security Ratings for further information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the Registrants’ cash flows. 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other risk factors associated with the procurement of
nuclear and fossil fuel. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation depends on nuclear fuel, coal, natural gas and oil to operate its generating facilities. Nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through
long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services and contracted fuel fabrication services. Coal, natural gas and oil are procured for generating plants through annual, short-term and
spot-market purchases. The supply markets for nuclear fuel, coal, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default that may negatively affect the results of operations for Generation.

Generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the
risk associated with its commodity trading activities. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation’s asset-based power position as well as its power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation attempts to
manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. These risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when
its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect.
Factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot
predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management decisions may have on its business, operating results or financial position. 

Generation buys and sells energy and other products in the wholesale markets and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various
positions in Generation’s power generation portfolio. The proportion of hedged positions in its power generation portfolio may cause volatility in Generation’s future results of operations. 

35 

Table of Contents

Generation may not be able to effectively respond to increased demand for energy. (Exelon and Generation)

Generation’s financial growth may depend in part
on its ability to respond to increased demand for energy. If demand for electricity rises in the future, it may be necessary for the market to increase capacity through the construction of new generating facilities. Development by Generation of new
generating facilities would require the commitment of substantial capital resources, including access to the capital markets. The wholesale markets for electricity and certain states’ statutes contemplate that future generation will be built in
those markets at the risk of market participants. Thus, the ability of Generation to recover the costs of and to earn an adequate return on any future investment in generating facilities will be dependent on its ability to build, finance and
efficiently operate facilities that are competitive in those markets. Additionally, construction of new generating facilities by Generation in markets in which it currently competes would be subject to market concentration tests administered by
FERC. If Generation cannot pass these tests administered by FERC, it could be limited in how it responds to increased demand for energy. 

Financial performance and load requirements may be adversely affected if Generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio. (Exelon and Generation)

A significant portion of Generation’s power
portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with ComEd, PECO and other customers. To the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, Generation’s output is sold in the wholesale market. To the
extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the related agreements, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Generation’s financial results may be negatively affected if it
is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio and effectively handle the changes in the wholesale power markets. 

Challenges to tax positions taken by the Registrants as well as tax law changes and
the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions, could negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

1999 sale of fossil generating assets. 
The IRS has
challenged Exelon’s 1999 tax position on an involuntary conversion and like-kind exchange transaction. In the third quarter of 2010, Exelon and IRS Appeals reached a nonbinding, preliminary agreement to settle Exelon’s involuntary
conversion and CTC positions and for the IRS to withdraw its assertion of a $110 million substantial understatement penalty related to the involuntary conversion position. However, Exelon and IRS Appeals failed to reach a settlement on the like-kind
exchange position. Exelon expects to initiate litigation on this matter during the second half of 2011. If the IRS is successful in its challenge to the like-kind exchange position, it would accelerate future income tax payments and increase
interest expense related to the deferred tax gain that would become currently payable. As of December 31, 2010, Exelon’s and ComEd’s potential cash outflow, including tax and interest (after tax), could be as much as
$830 million, excluding penalties. If the deferral were successfully challenged by the IRS, Exelon’s and ComEd’s results of operations could also be negatively impacted by up to $230 million (after tax) related to interest
expense. In addition to attempting to impose tax on the like-kind exchange position, the IRS has asserted penalties for a substantial understatement of tax, which could result in an after-tax charge of $86 million to Exelon’s and ComEd’s
results of operations should the IRS prevail in asserting the penalties. The timing effects of the final resolution of the like-kind exchange matter are unknown. See Note 11 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information. 

36 

Table of Contents

Tax reserves and the recoverability of deferred tax assets. 
The Registrants are required
to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeals issues related to these tax matters. These judgments
include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that may be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. The Registrants also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of
carryforwards and tax credits. See Notes 1 and 11 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Increases in customer rates and the impact of economic downturns may lead to greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. Additionally, increased rates
could lead to decreased volumes delivered. Both of these factors may decrease ComEd’s and PECO’s results from operations and cash flows. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

ComEd’s current procurement plan includes purchasing power
through contracted suppliers and the spot market. PECO began procuring power at market-based rates through contracted suppliers and the spot market on January 1, 2011 following the end of its transition period. ComEd’s and PECO’s
costs of purchased power are charged to customers without a return or profit component. For PECO, purchased natural gas costs are charged to customers with no return or profit component. Purchased power and natural gas prices fluctuate based on
their relevant supply and demand. Significantly higher rates related to purchased power and natural gas can result in declines in customer usage, lower electric transmission and distribution revenues and potentially additional uncollectible accounts
expense for ComEd and PECO as well as lower gas distribution revenues for PECO. Also, ComEd’s and PECO’s cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when electricity and natural gas are purchased and the ultimate
recovery from customers. 

In addition to increased purchased
power charges for ComEd and PECO customers and purchased natural gas costs for PECO customers, the impact of economic downturns on ComEd and PECO’s customers, such as unemployment for residential customers and less demand for products and
services provided by commercial and industrial customers, and the related regulatory limitations on residential service terminations may result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances, which would negatively impact
ComEd’s and PECO’s results from operations and cash flows. See ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for further discussion of the Registrants’ credit risk. 

The effects of weather may impact the Registrants’ results of operations and
cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels
in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. Moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues. Extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms may stress
ComEd’s and PECO’s transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’s ability to meet peak customer demand. These extreme conditions may have detrimental effects on
ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

Generation’s operations are also affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. To the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than
assumed, Generation may require greater resources to meet its contractual commitments. Extreme weather conditions or storms may affect the availability of generation and its transmission, 

37 

Table of Contents

limiting Generation’s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. In addition, drought-like conditions can impact Generation’s ability to run certain generating assets at full
capacity. These conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, may have an adverse effect by causing Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when those markets
are weak. 

Certain long-lived assets recorded on the Registrants’
statements of financial position may become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Long-lived assets represent the single largest asset class on the Registrants’ statement of financial position. Specifically, long-lived assets
account for 57%, 48%, 58% and 63% of total assets for Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO, respectively, as of December 31, 2010. The Registrants evaluate for impairment the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever
indications of impairment exist. Factors such as the business climate, including current energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered when evaluating long-lived assets for impairment. An
impairment would require the Registrants to reduce the long-lived asset through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment, and such an impairment could have a material adverse impact on the Registrants’ results of operations.

Exelon holds certain investments in coal-fired plants in
Georgia and Texas subject to long-term leases extending through 2028-2032. On an annual basis, Exelon reviews the estimated residual values of these leased assets to determine whether any indications of impairment exist. In determining the
estimate of residual value, the expectation of future market conditions, including commodity prices, is considered. An impairment would require Exelon to reduce the value of its investment in the plants through a non-cash charge to expense. Such an
impairment could have a material adverse impact on Exelon’s results of operations. 

Exelon and ComEd had approximately $2.6 billion of goodwill recorded at December 31, 2010 in connection with the merger between PECO and Unicom Corporation, the former parent company of ComEd. Under GAAP,
goodwill remains at its recorded amount unless it is determined to be impaired, which is generally based upon an annual analysis that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. If an impairment occurs, the amount of the
impaired goodwill will be written-off and expensed, reducing equity. The actual timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables. Adverse regulatory actions or a fully successful IRS
challenge to Exelon’s and ComEd’s like-kind exchange income tax position in combination with changes in significant assumptions used in estimating ComEd’s fair value (e.g., discount and growth rates, utility sector market performance
and transactions, operating and capital expenditure requirements and the fair value of debt) could result in an impairment. Such an impairment would result in a non-cash charge to expense, which could have a material impact on Exelon’s and
ComEd’s operating results. 

See ITEM 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Notes 5 and 7 of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on
long-lived asset and goodwill impairments. 

The Registrants’
businesses are capital intensive and the costs of capital projects may be significant. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in energy generation and in other internal transmission
and distribution infrastructure projects. The Registrants’ 

38 

Table of Contents

results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows could be adversely affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. See
Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information regarding the Registrants’ potential future capital expenditures. 

Exelon and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance. (Exelon,
Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants have
issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate Exelon and its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by the third parties, the Registrants could incur
substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. Such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Due to its
significant contractual agreements with ComEd, Generation will be negatively affected in the event of non-performance or change in the creditworthiness of ComEd. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation currently provides power under procurement contracts with ComEd for a significant portion of ComEd’s
electricity supply requirements. In addition, Generation entered into a financial swap contract with ComEd, effective August 2007, to hedge a portion of ComEd’s electricity supply requirements through May 2013. Consequently, Generation is
highly dependent on ComEd’s continued payments under these procurement contracts and would be adversely affected by negative events affecting these agreements, including the non-performance or a significant change in the creditworthiness of
ComEd. A default by ComEd under these agreements would have an adverse effect on Generation’s results of operations and financial position. 

Generation’s business may be negatively affected by competitive electric generation suppliers. (Exelon and Generation) 

Because retail customers where Generation serves load can switch from
their respective energy delivery company to a competitive electric generation supplier for their energy needs, planning to meet Generation’s obligation to provide the supply needed to serve Generation’s share of an electric distribution
companies’ default service obligation is more difficult than planning for retail load before the advent of retail competition. Before retail competition, the primary variables affecting projections of load were weather and the economy. With
retail competition, another major factor is the ability of retail customers to switch to competitive electric generation suppliers. If fewer of such customers switch from its retail load serving counterparties than Generation anticipates, the load
that Generation must serve will be greater than anticipated, which could, if market prices have increased, increase Generation’s costs (due to its need to go to market to cover its incremental supply obligation) more than the increase in
Generation’s revenues. If more customers switch than Generation anticipates, the load that Generation must serve will be lower than anticipated, which could, if market prices have decreased, cause Generation to lose opportunities in the market.

Regulatory and Legislative Risks 

The Registrants’ generation and energy delivery businesses are highly
regulated and could be subject to adverse regulatory and legislative actions. Fundamental changes in regulation or legislation could disrupt the Registrants’ business plans and adversely affect their operations and financial results. (Exelon,
Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Substantially all aspects
of the businesses of the Registrants are subject to comprehensive Federal or state regulation and legislation. Further, Exelon’s and Generation’s operating results and 

39 

Table of Contents

cash flows are heavily dependent upon the ability of Generation to sell power at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and Exelon’s, ComEd’s
and PECO’s operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent on their ability to recover their costs for the retail purchase and distribution of power to their customers. In the planning and management of operations, the Registrants must
address the effects of regulation on their businesses and changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by Federal and state legislatures, RTOs, ratemaking agencies and taxing authorities. Fundamental changes in regulations or other
adverse legislative actions impacting the Registrants’ businesses would require changes in their business planning models and operations and could adversely affect their results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Regulatory and legislative developments related to climate change and
RPS may also significantly affect Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations, cash flows and financial positions. Various legislative and regulatory proposals to address climate change through GHG emission reductions, if enacted,
could result in increased costs to entities that generate electricity through carbon-emitting fossil fuels, which could increase the market price at which all generators in that region, including Generation, may sell their output, thereby increasing
the revenue Generation could realize from its low-carbon nuclear assets. However, regulation or legislation addressing climate change through an RPS could also increase the pace of development of wind energy facilities in the Midwest, which could
put downward pressure on wholesale market prices for electricity from Generation’s Midwest nuclear assets, partially offsetting any additional value Exelon and Generation might derive from Generation’s nuclear assets under a carbon
constrained regulatory regime that might exist in the future. The Registrants cannot predict when or whether any of these various legislative and regulatory proposals may become law or what their effect will be on the Registrants. 

Generation may be negatively affected by possible Federal or state legislative or
regulatory actions that could affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets. (Exelon and Generation) 

Federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies are facing pressures to address consumer concerns that energy prices in wholesale markets are
too high because the competitive model is not working, and are therefore facing calls for some form of re-regulation or some other means of reducing wholesale market prices. As the energy markets continue to mature, a low number of wholesale market
power participants entering procurement proceedings may also influence how certain regulators and legislators view the effectiveness of these competitive markets. 

The criticism of restructured electricity markets, which has escalated
in recent years as retail rate freezes have expired, is expected to continue in 2011. Generation is dependent on robust and competitive wholesale energy markets to achieve its business objectives. 

Approximately 80% of Generation’s generating resources, which
include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the region encompassed by PJM. Generation’s future results of operations will depend on (1) FERC’s continued adherence to and support for
policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets, such as the PJM’s, and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect the competitiveness of the PJM
market. Generation could also be adversely affected by efforts of state legislatures, such as the New Jersey Capacity Legislation enacted into law on January 28, 2011 and other states seeking to enact similar programs, and regulatory
authorities to respond to the concerns of consumers or others about the costs of energy that are reflected through wholesale markets. 

In addition, FERC’s application of its Order 697 and its subsequent revisions could pose a risk that Generation will have difficulty satisfying
FERC’s tests for market-based rates. Since Order 697 became 

40 

Table of Contents

final in June 2007, Generation has obtained orders affirming Generation’s authority to sell at market-based rates and none denying that authority. Generation’s next submission seeking
reauthorization to sell at market-based rates was filed on December 30, 2010 for the PJM region. In its filing, Generation submitted studies showing that it continues to satisfy the tests required by Order 697. Should FERC take a more stringent
tack with respect to Order 697 applications, it is possible that Generation’s authority to sell at market-based rates could be in doubt. Generation, however, currently expects that FERC will approve its pending application. 

On July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law.
Dodd-Frank calls for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), the SEC and the Federal Reserve to regulate the market for over-the-counter (OTC) derivative products. Currently, rulemakings are pending at these agencies, the product of which
will be rules that implement the mandates in Dodd-Frank to eliminate the risk of systemic failure of financial markets. The significance of the effect on Generation will depend in part on whether it is determined to be a swap dealer or a qualifying
end-user, based on the meaning of those terms established in the final rules. If Generation is deemed a swap dealer, it will be required execute bilateral OTC derivative transactions through an exchange or central clearinghouse. This could require
Generation to tie up substantial additional capital in order to satisfy exchange-based margin requirements. 

Even if Generation is not deemed a swap dealer, the rules could impose burdens on market participants to such an extent that liquidity in the
bilateral OTC derivative market decreases substantially. As Generation’s hedging program relies heavily on its ability to trade actively in the current bilateral OTC derivatives market, the effect of the new rules could significantly impede
Generation’s ability to meet its hedge targets. Generation continues to monitor the rulemaking procedures and cannot predict the ultimate outcome that the financial reform legislation will have on its results of operation, cash flows or
financial position. 

Generation’s affiliation with ComEd and PECO,
together with the presence of a substantial percentage of Generation’s physical asset base within the ComEd and PECO service territories, could increase Generation’s cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges
regarding ComEd and/or PECO retail rates result in settlements or legislative or regulatory requirements funded in part by Generation. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation has significant generating resources within the service
areas of ComEd and PECO and makes significant sales to each of them. Those facts tend to cause Generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. Government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of Generation’s
affiliation with ComEd and PECO and its sales to each of them. In periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased costs of energy production and supply, those officials and advocacy groups may question or challenge costs
incurred by ComEd or PECO, including transactions between Generation, on the one hand, and ComEd or PECO, on the other hand, regardless of any previous regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. The prospect of such challenges
may increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challenges may subject Generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. In addition,
government officials and legislators may seek ways to force Generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based taxes and contributions to rate-relief packages. 

The Registrants may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to
environmental and other matters. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The businesses in which the Registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and Federal authorities. These laws and regulations affect the manner in

41 

Table of Contents

which the Registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. These regulations affect how the Registrants handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal. Violations of
these emission and disposal requirements can subject the Registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and
exposure to third parties’ claims for alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. In addition, the Registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental
contamination of property now or formerly owned by the Registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. The Registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance, site
remediation and clean-up. Remediation activities associated with MGP operations conducted by predecessor companies is one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where
hazardous substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. 

If application of Section 316(b), which establishes a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to aquatic organisms at existing
generating stations, requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at Salem or other Exelon power plants, this development could result in material costs of compliance. On December 8, 2010, pursuant to discussions with the NJDEP
regarding the application of Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act to Oyster Creek, Exelon announced that Generation will permanently cease generation operations at Oyster Creek by December 31, 2019, ten years before the expiration of its
operating license in 2029. 

Additionally, Generation is
subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly owned generation facilities. Future legislative action could require Generation to make a material contribution to a fund to settle
lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure. 

In some cases, a third party who has acquired assets from a Registrant has assumed the liability the Registrant may otherwise have for environmental
matters related to the transferred property. If the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold the Registrant responsible, and the Registrant’s remedies against the
transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Changes in ComEd’s and PECO’s terms and conditions of service, including
their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which may introduce time
delays in effectuating rate changes. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

ComEd and PECO are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple
parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. The proceedings
generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. Decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that
rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for ComEd or PECO to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. Established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators,
whereby various portions of rates can be adjusted, including recovery mechanisms for costs associated with the procurement of electricity or gas, MGP remediation, smart grid infrastructure, and energy efficiency and demand response programs.

42 

Table of Contents

In certain instances, ComEd and PECO may agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate
matters, customer initiatives or franchise agreements. These settlements are subject to regulatory approval. 

ComEd and PECO cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by Illinois, Pennsylvania or Federal regulators for
establishing rates, including the extent, if any, to which certain costs such as significant capital projects will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowed. Nevertheless, the expectation is that ComEd and PECO will continue to be
obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant POLR and default service obligations to provide electricity and natural gas to certain groups of customers in its service area who
do not choose an alternative supplier. The ultimate outcome and timing of regulatory rate proceedings have a significant effect on the ability of ComEd and PECO, as applicable, to recover their costs and could have a material adverse effect on
ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. See Note 2 of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on appeals in connection with ComEd’s 2007 Illinois electric
distribution rate case. 

Federal or additional state RPS and/or energy
conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers, could negatively affect the results of operations and cash flows of ComEd and PECO. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

Changes to current state legislation or the development of Federal legislation that requires the use of renewable and
alternate fuel sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could significantly impact ComEd and PECO, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed. The impact could include increased costs for RECs and purchased power and increased
rates for customers. 

Federal and state legislation
mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, have increased capital expenditures and could significantly impact ComEd and PECO, if timely cost
recovery is not allowed. Furthermore, regulated energy consumption reduction targets and declines in customer energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation technologies could lead to a decline in the revenues of
Exelon, ComEd and PECO. For additional information, see ITEM 1. Business “Environmental Regulation-Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards”. 

ComEd and PECO are likely to be subject to higher transmission operating costs in
the future as a result of PJM’s RTEP. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

Uncertainties exist as to the construction of new transmission facilities, their cost and how those costs will be allocated to transmission system participants and customers. In accordance with a FERC order and
related settlement, PJM’s RTEP requires the costs of new transmission facilities to be allocated across the entire PJM footprint for new facilities greater than or equal to 500 kV, and requires costs of new facilities less than 500 kV to be
allocated to the beneficiaries of the new facilities. On August 6, 2009, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit remanded to FERC its decision related to allocation of new facilities 500 kV and above for further proceedings. See Notes
2 and 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

The impact of not meeting the criteria of the FASB guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation could be material to Exelon, ComEd and PECO. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

As of December 31, 2010, Exelon, ComEd and PECO have concluded
that the operations of ComEd and PECO meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation. If it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of their

43 

Table of Contents

businesses no longer meets the criteria, Exelon, ComEd and PECO are required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business. That action would include
the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in their Consolidated Balance Sheets and the recognition of a one-time extraordinary item in their Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impact of not
meeting the criteria of the authoritative guidance could be material to the financial statements of Exelon, ComEd and PECO. At December 31, 2010, the extraordinary gain could have been as much as $1.8 billion (before taxes) as a result of the
elimination of ComEd’s regulatory assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2010, the extraordinary charge could have been as much as $534 million (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of PECO’s regulatory assets and
liabilities. Exelon would record the same amount of extraordinary gain and charge related to ComEd’s and PECO’s regulatory assets and liabilities, respectively. Further, Exelon would record a charge against OCI (before taxes) of up to $2.7
billion and $45 million for ComEd and PECO, respectively, related to Exelon’s regulatory assets associated with its defined benefit postretirement plans. The impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an additional impairment of
ComEd’s goodwill, which could be significant and at least partially offset the extraordinary gain discussed above. A significant decrease in equity as a result of any changes could limit the ability of ComEd and PECO to pay dividends under
Federal and state law and cause significant volatility in future results of operations. See Notes 1, 2 and 7 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation,
regulatory matters and ComEd’s goodwill, respectively. 

Exelon and
Generation may incur material costs of compliance if Federal and/or state regulation or legislation is adopted to address climate change. (Exelon and Generation) 

Various stakeholders, including legislators and
regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other companies in many business sectors, including utilities, are considering ways to address the effect of GHG emissions on climate change. In 2009, select Northeast and
Mid-Atlantic states implemented a model rule, developed via the RGGI, to regulate CO
2

 emissions from fossil-fired generation. If carbon reduction regulation or legislation becomes effective, Exelon and Generation may incur costs either to limit further the GHG emissions from their operations or to
procure emission allowance credits. The nature and extent of environmental regulation may also impact the ability of Exelon and its subsidiaries to meet the GHG emission reduction targets of Exelon 2020. For example, more stringent permitting
requirements may preclude the construction of lower-carbon nuclear and gas-fired power plants. Similarly, a Federal RPS could increase the cost of compliance by mandating the purchase or construction of more expensive supply alternatives. For more
information regarding climate change, see “Global Climate Change” in ITEM 1 of this Form 10-K and Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in ITEM 8 of this Form 10-K. 

The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to
mandatory reliability standards. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

As a result of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including Generation, ComEd and PECO, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by
NERC and enforced by FERC. PECO as operator of a natural gas distribution system is also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the U.S. Department of Transportation. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to
ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and is guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with or changes in the reliability standards may subject the Registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital
expenditures. In addition, the ICC and PAPUC impose certain distribution reliability standards on ComEd and PECO, respectively. If the Registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to
remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties. 

44 

Table of Contents

The Registrants cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings relating to their business activities. An
adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial positions and cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims and
litigation arising out of their business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures
that could have a material adverse effect on the Registrants’ results of operations. 

Operational Risks 

The
Registrants’ employees, contractors, customers and the general public may be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and
customers and the general public may be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near operations. As a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general public are at risk for serious injury, including loss of
life. Significant risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases.

War, acts and threats of terrorism, natural disaster, pandemic and other significant events may adversely affect Exelon’s results of operations, its ability
to raise capital and its future growth. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Exelon does not know the impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry in general and on Exelon in particular. As owner-operators of infrastructure facilities, such as nuclear, fossil and
hydroelectric generation facilities and electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, Exelon faces a risk that its operations would be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. Any retaliatory military strikes or
sustained military campaign may affect its operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. Additionally, natural disasters and other events that have an adverse
effect on the economy in general may adversely affect Exelon’s operations and its ability to raise capital. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other
factors also may affect Exelon’s results of operations and its ability to raise capital. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. 

Further, the physical risks of climate change, such as more frequent or
more extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface water availability, sea level rise and other related phenomena, could affect some, or all, of the Registrant’s operations. Severe
weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme weather event within the Registrants’ service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing
disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. Finally, climate change could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for
Exelon’s and Generation’s continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units. 

Exelon would be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. Exelon has plans in place to respond to a pandemic. However, depending on the
severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, the ability to operate its generating and transmission and distribution assets could be affected, resulting in decreased service levels and increased
costs. 

45 

Table of Contents

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and
operation of nuclear facilities. (Exelon and Generation) 

Nuclear capacity factors.
 Capacity factors, particularly nuclear capacity factors, significantly affect Generation’s results
of operations. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently, to be successful, Generation must
consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase Generation’s operating costs by requiring Generation to produce additional energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional
energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy Generation’s obligations to committed third-party sales, including ComEd and PECO. These sources generally have higher costs than Generation incurs to produce energy from its nuclear
stations. 

Nuclear refueling
outages.
 Refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and currently average approximately 26 days in duration for the nuclear plants operated by Generation. The total number of refueling outages, along
with their duration, can have a significant impact on Generation’s results of operations. When refueling outages at wholly and co-owned plants last longer than anticipated or Generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease
and Generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales. Each 26-day outage, depending on the capacity of the station, will decrease the total nuclear annual capacity factor between 0.3% and 0.5%.

Nuclear fuel quality

. The quality
of nuclear fuel utilized by Generation can affect the efficiency and costs of Generation’s operations. Certain of Generation’s nuclear units have previously had a limited number of fuel performance issues. Remediation actions could result
in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities. 

Spent nuclear fuel storage. 
The approval of a national repository for the storage of SNF, such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain,
Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of SNF, and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse Generation for these costs. Through the NRC’s “waste
confidence” rule, the NRC has determined that, if necessary, spent fuel generated in any reactor can be stored safely and without significant environmental impacts for at least 60 years beyond the licensed life for operation, which may include
the term of a revised or renewed license of that reactor, at its spent fuel storage basin or at either onsite or offsite independent spent fuel storage installations. Any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for
SNF may adversely affect Generation’s ability to decommission fully its nuclear units. Furthermore, under its contract with the DOE, Generation would be required to pay the DOE a one-time SNF storage fee including interest of approximately $1
billion as of December 31, 2010, prior to the first delivery of SNF. Generation currently estimates 2020 to be the earliest date when the DOE will begin accepting SNF, which could be delayed by further regulatory action. See Note 18 of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the spent nuclear fuel obligation. 

License renewals.
 Generation cannot assure that economics will support the continued operation of the facilities for all or any
portion of any renewed license period. If the NRC does not renew the operating licenses for Generation’s nuclear stations or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be
adversely affected by increased depreciation rates, impairment charges and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. In
addition, Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. 

46 

Table of Contents

Should a national policy for the disposal of SNF not be developed, the unavailability of a repository
for SNF could become a consideration by the NRC during future nuclear license renewal proceedings, including applications for new licenses. 

Regulatory risk

. The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for
failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. A change in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital
expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation, may
cause the NRC to initiate such actions. 

Operational
risk

. Operations at any of Generation’s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where Generation has to shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting
the causes may require significant time and expense. Generation may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. In either event, Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel
and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. For plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation may also incur liability to the co-owners. For the plant not wholly owned by Generation and operated by PSEG, Salem Units 1
and 2, from which Generation receives its share of the plant’s output, Generation’s results of operations are dependent on the operational performance of the co-owner operators and could be adversely affected by a significant event at
those plants. Additionally, poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by Generation could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy, which could significantly affect Generation’s results of
operations or financial position. In addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of their operations, could have effects on transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity
in markets served by Generation. 

Nuclear major
incident risk. 
Although the safety record of nuclear reactors generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the United States and abroad. The consequences of a major incident can be severe and
include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the United States, owned by Generation or owned by others, may exceed Generation’s resources, including insurance coverage. Uninsured
losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry, could be borne by Generation and could have a material adverse effect on Generation’s results of operations or financial position. Additionally, an
accident or other significant event at a nuclear plant within the United States, owned by others or Generation, may result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy and significantly affect Generation’s
results of operations or financial position. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of nuclear insurance. 

Nuclear insurance. 
As required by the Price-Anderson Act,
Generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance. As of January 1, 2011, the required amount of nuclear liability insurance is $375 million for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered through
mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $12.6 billion limit for a single incident. 

Generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, NEIL,
which provides property and business interruption insurance for Generation’s nuclear operations. In recent years, NEIL has made distributions to its members but Generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will
continue at all. 

47 

Table of Contents

Decommissioning.
 NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities
demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for
Generation’s two units that have been retired) addressing Generation’s ability to meet the NRC-estimated funding levels including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the decommissioning trust funds. The NRC funding levels are based
upon the assumption that decommissioning will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit. 

Forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results
may differ significantly from current estimates. The performance of capital markets also can significantly affect the value of the trust funds. Currently, Generation is making contributions to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on
amounts being collected by PECO from its customers and remitted to Generation. While Generation has recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional
amounts from ComEd customers or from the previous owners of Clinton, TMI Unit No. 1 and Oyster Creek generating stations, if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. If circumstances changed such that Generation were unable
to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts collected from PECO customers, or if Generation no longer had recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers if there was a shortfall of funds
for decommissioning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former PECO units may be negatively affected. See Note 2 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Ultimately, if the investments held by Generation’s NDTs are not
sufficient to fund the decommissioning of Generation’s nuclear plants, Generation may be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or make additional contributions to
the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that NRC minimum funding requirements are met. As a result, Generation’s cash flows and financial position may be significantly adversely affected. See
Note 12 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities. (Exelon and Generation) 

FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal
hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, Federal lands or connected to the interstate electric grid. The license for the Conowingo Hydroelectric Project expires August 31, 2014, and the license for the Muddy Run Pumped Storage
Project expires on September 1, 2014. Generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the renewed license of its hydroelectric facilities. If FERC does not renew the operating licenses for Generation’s
hydroelectric facilities or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs,
since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. Generation may also lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. In
addition, conditions may be imposed as part of the license renewal process that may adversely affect operations, may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating costs and significantly affect
Generation’s results of operations or financial position. Similar effects may result from a change in the Federal Power Act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by
Generation. 

48 

Table of Contents

ComEd’s and PECO’s operating costs, and customers’ and regulators’ opinions of ComEd and PECO,
are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery systems. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

Failures of the equipment or facilities used in ComEd’s and PECO’s delivery systems can interrupt the electric transmission and electric
and natural gas delivery, which could negatively impact related revenues, and increase maintenance and capital expenditures. Equipment or facilities failures can be due to a number of factors, including weather. Those failures or those of other
utilities, including prolonged or repeated failures, can affect customer satisfaction and the level of regulatory oversight and ComEd’s and PECO’s maintenance and capital expenditures. Regulated utilities, which are required to provide
service to all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. Under Illinois law, however, ComEd can be required to pay damages to its
customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures may be negatively affected by transmission congestion. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO)

Demand for electricity within ComEd’s and
PECO’s service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations. Also, insufficient availability
of electric supply to meet customer demand could jeopardize ComEd and PECO’s ability to comply with reliability standards and strain customer and regulatory agency relationships. As with all utilities, potential concerns over transmission
capacity or generation facility retirements could result in PJM or FERC requiring ComEd and PECO to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures. 

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce may negatively
impact the Registrants’ results of operations. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, may lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the
Registrants. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may
rise. The Registrants are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for their generation, transmission and distribution operations. If the Registrants are unable to successfully attract
and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations could be negatively affected. 

The Registrants are subject to information security risks. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants face information security risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission and distribution facilities. A security breach of
the Registrants’ information systems could impact the reliability of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or subject them to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain
types of information. The Registrants cannot accurately assess the probability that a security breach may occur, despite the measures taken by the Registrants to prevent such a breach, and are unable to quantify the potential impact of such an
event. 

49 

Table of Contents

The Registrants may make acquisitions that do not achieve the intended financial results. (Exelon, Generation,
ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants may make investments
and pursue mergers and acquisitions that fit their strategic objectives and improve their financial performance. It is possible that FERC or state public utility commission regulations may impose certain other restrictions on such transactions.
Achieving the anticipated benefits of an investment is subject to a number of uncertainties, and failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined
company and diversion of management’s time and energy and could have an adverse effect on the combined company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.