. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate the challenges of their businesses and their ability to identify and mitigate these risks. 

Generation 

Costs to meet contractual commitments. As the largest generator of nuclear power in the United States, Generation can negotiate favorable terms for the
materials and services that its business requires. Generation’s nuclear plants have historically benefited from stable fuel costs, minimal environmental impact from operations and a safe operating history. 

Refueling outages. Generation continues to aggressively manage its scheduled
refueling outages to minimize their duration and to maintain high nuclear generating capacity factors, resulting in a stable generation base for Generation’s short and long-term supply commitments and Power Team trading activities. 

Operating services arrangement. Effective in 2005, as a result of the OSC
with PSEG Nuclear, Generation is providing services to oversee daily plant operations at the Salem and Hope Creek nuclear generating stations. Under the OSC, PSEG Nuclear remains as the license holder with exclusive legal authority to operate and
maintain the stations, retains responsibility for management oversight and has full authority with respect to the marketing of its share of the output from the facilities. As a result of the OSC, Generation has decreased certain exposures and
increased revenues from its share of Salem, which it co-owns with PSEG Nuclear. The initial two-year term of the OSC 

27 

Table of Contents

terminated on January 16, 2007. However, PSEG Nuclear has exercised its right to require Generation to continue services under the OSC for an additional two-year
termination transition period. Under the OSC, PSEG Nuclear has a right to extend the termination transition period for an additional year and PSEG Nuclear has reserved its right to do so. 

Adequacy of funds to decommission nuclear power plants. Generation has an obligation to decommission its nuclear power plants.
The ICC permitted ComEd through 2006, and the PAPUC permits PECO to collect funds, from their customers, which are deposited in nuclear decommissioning trust funds maintained by Generation. The collections by PECO are based on estimates of
decommissioning costs for each of the nuclear facilities in which Generation has an ownership interest, other than AmerGen facilities. The ICC permitted ComEd to recover $73 million per year from retail customers for decommissioning for the years
2001 through 2004 and, depending upon the portion of the output of certain generating stations taken by ComEd, up to $73 million in both 2006 and 2005. Because ComEd did not take all of the output of these stations, actual collections were $66
million and $68 million in 2006 and 2005, respectively. PECO is currently recovering $33 million annually for nuclear decommissioning. It is anticipated that these collections will continue through the operating license life of each of the former
PECO units, with adjustments every five years, subject to certain limitations, to reflect changes in cost estimates and decommissioning trust fund performance. These trust funds, together with earnings thereon, will be used to decommission such
nuclear facilities. Decommissioning expenditures are expected to occur primarily after the plants are retired. Certain decommissioning costs are currently being incurred; however these current amounts are not considered material compared to the
total ARO. Generation develops its decommissioning trust fund investment strategy based on an estimate of the timing and costs associated with nuclear decommissioning. To the extent that actual decommissioning activities result in higher costs or
are incurred in the nearer term, Generation may not have sufficient funds to pay for decommissioning. To fund future decommissioning costs, Generation held $6.4 billion of investments in trust funds at December 31, 2006. See Note 13 of the
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 

Credit risk. In order to evaluate the viability of Generation’s counterparties, Generation has implemented credit risk management procedures designed to mitigate the risks associated with these transactions. These policies
include counterparty credit limits and, in some cases, require deposits or letters of credit to be posted by certain counterparties. Generation’s counterparty credit limits are based on a scoring model that considers a variety of factors,
including leverage, liquidity, profitability, credit ratings and risk management capabilities. Generation has entered into payment netting agreements or enabling agreements that allow for payment netting with the majority of its large
counterparties, which reduce Generation’s exposure to counterparty risk by providing for the offset of amounts payable to the counterparty against amounts receivable from the counterparty. The credit department monitors current and forward
credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates, both on an individual and an aggregate basis. Generation’s sales to counterparties other than ComEd and PECO will increase due to the expiration of the PPA with ComEd at the end of 2006.
The bilateral contracts are subject to credit risk, which relates to the ability of counterparties to meet their contractual payment obligations. Any failure to collect these payments from counterparties could have a material impact on Exelon’s
and Generation’s results of operations, cash flows and financial position. As market prices rise above contracted price levels, Generation is required to post collateral with purchasers; as market prices fall below contracted price levels,
counterparties are required to post collateral with Generation. Under the Illinois auction rules and the supplier forward contracts that Generation entered into with ComEd and Ameren, beginning in 2007, collateral postings between ComEd and
Generation and between Ameren and Generation will be one-sided. That is, if market prices fall below ComEd’s or Ameren’s contracted price levels, ComEd or Ameren are not required to post collateral; however, if market prices rise above
contracted price levels with ComEd or Ameren, Generation is required to post collateral. 

28 

Table of Contents

Extreme weather. Generation incorporates contingencies into its planning for extreme weather conditions,
including potentially reserving capacity to meet summer loads at levels representative of warmer-than-normal weather conditions. 

Wholesale energy market prices. Generation is exposed to commodity price risk associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity trading portfolio.
Generation enters into derivative contracts, including forwards, futures, swaps, and options, with approved counterparties to hedge this anticipated exposure. Generation has hedges in place that significantly mitigate this risk for 2007 and 2008.
However, Generation is exposed to relatively greater commodity price risk in the subsequent years for which a larger portion of its electricity portfolio may be unhedged. Generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging
strategies to mitigate this risk in subsequent years as well. Generation has estimated a greater than 90% economic and cash flow hedge ratio for 2007 for its energy marketing portfolio. 

The PPA between Generation and PECO expires at the end of 2010. Market prices for electricity have generally increased significantly
over the past few years due to the rise in natural gas and fuel prices. As a result, PECO customers’ generation rates are below current wholesale energy market prices, and Generation’s margins on sales in excess of ComEd’s and
PECO’s requirements have improved due to its significant capacity of low-cost nuclear generating facilities. Generation’s ability to maintain those margins will depend on future fossil fuel prices and its ability to obtain high capacity
factors at its nuclear plants. 

Commodity prices.
Generation’s Power Team manages the output of Generation’s assets and energy sales to optimize value and reduce the volatility of Generation’s earnings and cash flows. Generation attempts to manage its exposure through enforcement
of established risk limits and risk management procedures. 

ComEd and PECO

Post-transition rates. In 2006, ComEd received orders
from the ICC in several regulatory proceedings to establish the rates to be charged to customers effective January 2007. The first order relates to ComEd’s ability to procure electricity supply. The second order and the associated order on
rehearing established the delivery service rates that will be charged to customers. Appeals are pending related to each order. A third order allows ComEd’s residential customers to have the choice to elect to defer any electric rate increases
over 10% in each of the years 2007 to 2009. Any deferred balances will accrue interest and, in general, will be collected in 2010 to 2012 with a carrying charge of 3.25% per year beginning at the time of deferral. 

While PECO has made no regulatory filings to date to revise its transmission and
distribution rates established in 2000, PECO will continue to work with Federal and state regulators, state and local governments, customer representatives and other interested parties to develop appropriate processes for establishing future rates
in restructured electricity markets. PECO will strive to ensure that future rate structures recognize the substantial improvements PECO has made, and will continue to make, in its transmission and distribution systems. PECO will also work to ensure
that its post-2010 retail generation rates are adequate to cover its costs of obtaining electricity from its suppliers, which could include Generation. 

Mandatory RPS. ComEd expects to recover from customers any increased costs associated with RPS legislation if enacted. PECO is responsible for meeting its
RPS requirements and, in that regard, plans to file with the PAPUC in the first quarter of 2007 a proposal to purchase renewable energy credits commencing as early as 2008. PECO expects to recover from customers all costs associated with RPSs. The
Registrants are currently evaluating the potential impacts of RPS legislation on their businesses. 

29 

Table of Contents

Power supply risks. To effectively manage its obligation to provide power to meet its customers’
demand, ComEd has supplier forward contracts, effective January 2007, with various energy providers as a result of its reverse-auction competitive bidding process. ComEd is allowed by the ICC to recover from customers the cost of purchased
electricity. Therefore, should an approved supplier default and ComEd be required to purchase replacement electricity, ComEd would be entitled to recover any incremental costs from customers. To effectively manage its obligation to provide power to
meet its customers’ demand, PECO has a full-requirements PPA with Generation which reduces PECO’s exposure to the volatility of customer demand and market prices through 2010. 

Transmission congestion. ComEd and PECO have made, and expect to continue to make, significant capital expenditures to ensure
the adequate capacity and reliability of their transmission systems. On an ongoing basis, PJM, in cooperation with ComEd and PECO, performs screening analyses based on forecasts of future transmission system conditions in order to determine system
reinforcements needed to maintain the reliable and economic operation of both systems. 

General Business 

Security risk. The
Registrants have initiated and work to maintain security measures. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate enhanced security measures at certain critical locations, enhanced response and recovery plans, long-term design changes and
redundancy measures. Additionally, the energy industry is working with governmental authorities to ensure that emergency plans are in place and critical infrastructure vulnerabilities are addressed in order to maintain the reliability of the
country’s energy systems. 

Potential phase-out of tax credits.
Tax credits generated by the production of synthetic fuel are subject to a phase-out provision that gradually reduces tax credits in the event crude oil prices for a year exceed certain thresholds. See the risk factor “Changes in taxation
as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations” in ITEM 1A. Risk Factors for further detail. In 2005, Exelon and Generation
entered into certain derivatives to economically hedge a portion of the oil price exposure related to the phase-out of tax credits. These derivatives could result in after-tax cash proceeds to Exelon of up to $42 million in 2007 in the event the tax
credits are completely phased out. Additionally, under current laws, the tax credits related to the production of synthetic fuel expire on December 31, 2007. See Note 12 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further
detail. 

Interest rates. The Registrants use a combination of
fixed-rate and variable-rate debt to reduce interest-rate exposure. The Registrants may also use interest-rate swaps when deemed appropriate to adjust exposure based upon market conditions. Additionally, the Registrants may use forward-starting
interest-rate swaps and/or treasury rate locks when deemed appropriate to lock in interest-rate levels in anticipation of future financings. See ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for further information.

30 

Table of Contents

Executive Officers of the Registrants 

Exelon

 Name

Age

 Position

 Rowe, John W.

61

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

 Clark, Frank M.

61

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ComEd

 McLean, Ian P.

57

Executive Vice President and President, Power Team

 Mehrberg, Randall E.

51

Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer

 Moler, Elizabeth A.

58

Executive Vice President, Governmental and Environmental Affairs and Public Policy

 Skolds, John L.

56

Executive Vice President, Exelon, President, Exelon Energy Delivery and President, Exelon Generation

 Snodgrass, S. Gary

55

Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

 Young, John F.

50

Executive Vice President, Finance and Markets and Chief Financial Officer

 Hilzinger, Matthew F.

43

Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller

Generation 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Rowe, John W.

61

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Exelon

 Young, John F.

50

Executive Vice President, Finance and Markets and Chief

Financial Officer, Exelon, and Chief Financial Officer

 Skolds, John L.

56

Executive Vice President, Exelon, and President

 McLean, Ian P.

57

Executive Vice President, Exelon, and President, Power Team

 Crane, Christopher M.

48

Senior Vice President, Exelon, and President and Chief Nuclear Officer, Exelon Nuclear

 Schiavoni, Mark A.

51

Senior Vice President and President, Exelon Power

 Veurink, Jon D.

42

Vice President and Controller

ComEd 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Clark, Frank M.

61

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 Mitchell, J. Barry

59

President

 Costello, John T.

58

Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

 McDonald, Robert K.

51

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Risk Officer

 Pramaggiore, Anne R.

48

Senior Vice President, Regulatory and External Affairs

 Hooker, John T.

58

Senior Vice President, Legislative and Governmental Affairs

 Galvanoni, Matthew R.

34

Vice President and Controller

PECO 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Rowe, John W.

61

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Exelon, and Director

 Young, John F.

50

Executive Vice President, Finance and Markets and Chief Financial Officer, Exelon, and Chief Financial Officer

 Skolds, John L.

56

Executive Vice President, Exelon, President, Exelon Energy Delivery, and Director

 O’Brien, Denis P.

46

President and Director

 Crutchfield, Lisa

43

Senior Vice President, Regulatory and External Affairs

 Galvanoni, Matthew R.

34

Vice President and Controller

31 

Table of Contents

Each of the above executive officers holds such office at the discretion of the respective company’s board of
directors until his or her replacement or earlier resignation, retirement or death. 

Prior to his election to his listed positions, Mr. Rowe was President and Co-Chief Executive of Exelon, Co-Chief Executive Officer of ComEd and President, Co-Chief Executive Officer of PECO; and Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer of ComEd and Unicom. Mr. Rowe was elected as an officer of Exelon effective October 20, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his listed positions, Mr. Clark was Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff of Exelon and President of ComEd; Senior Vice
President, Distribution Customer and Marketing Services and External Affairs of ComEd; Senior Vice President of ComEd and Unicom; Vice President of ComEd; Governmental Affairs Vice President; and Governmental Affairs Manager. Mr. Clark was
elected Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ComEd effective November 28, 2005. Mr. Clark is listed as an executive officer of Exelon by reason of his position as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ComEd. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. McLean was Senior Vice President
of Exelon; and President of the Power Team division of PECO. Mr. McLean was elected as an officer of Exelon effective October 20, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Mehrberg was Senior Vice President of Exelon. Mr. Mehrberg was elected as an officer of Exelon effective
December 3, 2001. 

Prior to her election to her listed position,
Ms. Moler was Senior Vice President, Government Affairs and Policy of Exelon; Senior Vice President of ComEd and Unicom; and Director of Unicom and ComEd. Ms. Moler was elected as an officer of Exelon effective October 20, 2000.

Prior to his election to his listed positions, Mr. Skolds was
Senior Vice President, Exelon, and President and Chief Nuclear Officer, Exelon Nuclear. Mr. Skolds was elected as an officer of Exelon effective October 20, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Snodgrass was Chief Administrative Officer of Exelon; Senior Vice President of
ComEd and Unicom; Vice President of ComEd and Unicom; and Vice President of USG Corporation. Mr. Snodgrass was elected as an officer of Exelon effective October 20, 2000. 

Prior to his election to his listed positions, Mr. Young was President of Exelon Generation; President of Exelon Power; Senior
Vice President of Sierra Pacific Resources Corporation; President of Avalon Consulting; and Executive Vice President of Southern Generation. Mr. Young was elected as an officer effective March 3, 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Hilzinger was Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Credit Acceptance Corporation; and Vice President, Controller of Kmart Corporation. Mr. Hilzinger was elected as an officer of Exelon effective April 15, 2002. Mr. Hilzinger was Principal
Accounting Officer for ComEd and PECO through December 31, 2006. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Crane was Vice President for Exelon Nuclear; and Vice President for BWR Operations of ComEd. Mr. Crane was elected as an officer of Generation effective December 27, 2000.

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Schiavoni was
Vice President of Operations; and Vice President of Northeast Operations of Exelon Power. Mr. Schiavoni was elected as an officer of Generation effective September 8, 2003. 

32 

Table of Contents

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Veurink was a partner at Deloitte & Touche LLP.
Mr. Veurink was elected as an officer of Generation effective January 5, 2004. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Mitchell was Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO; Vice President and Treasurer of Exelon; and Vice President,
Treasury and Evaluation, and Treasurer of PECO. Mr. Mitchell was elected as President of ComEd effective November 28, 2005. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Costello was Senior Vice President of Exelon Energy Delivery Technical Services. Mr. Costello was Senior
Vice President of Exelon Energy Delivery Customer and Marketing Services; and Vice President, Customer Operations. Mr. Costello was elected to his listed position with ComEd effective November 28, 2005. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. McDonald was Senior Vice
President of Planning and Chief Risk Officer of Exelon. Mr. McDonald has also served as Chief Risk Officer of Exelon, Vice President of Planning of Exelon and Vice President of Risk Management of Exelon. He was elected to his listed position
with ComEd effective November 28, 2005. 

Prior to her election to
her listed position, Ms. Pramaggiore was Vice President, Regulatory and Strategic Services of ComEd. She has also served as Lead Counsel of ComEd. Ms. Pramaggiore was elected to her listed position with ComEd effective November 28,
2005. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Hooker
served as Senior Vice President, ComEd, Legislative and External Affairs and Exelon Energy Delivery Real Estate and Property Management. Mr. Hooker has also served as Vice President Exelon Energy Delivery Property Management and ComEd
Legislative and External Affairs; Vice President Distribution Services and Public Affairs; and Vice President of Governmental Affairs. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. O’Brien was Executive Vice President of PECO; Vice President of Operations of PECO; Director of
Transmission and Substations of PECO; and Director of BucksMont Region of PECO. Mr. O’Brien was elected as an officer of PECO effective January 1, 2001. 

Prior to his election to his listed positions, Mr. Galvanoni was Director of Financial Reporting and Analysis, Exelon.
Mr. Galvanoni has also served as Director of Accounting and Reporting, Generation; Director of Reporting, Exelon; and was a senior manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Mr. Galvanoni was elected to his listed positions effective
January 1, 2007. 

Prior to her election to her listed position,
Ms. Crutchfield served as Vice President, Regulatory and External Affairs, PECO; and Vice President and General Manager at Southern Service Center. Ms. Crutchfield was elected to her listed position effective January 1, 2007.

ITEM 1A.

 

The Registrants each operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond their control. The Registrants’ management regularly evaluates the most significant risks of
the Registrants’ businesses and discusses those risks with the Risk Oversight Committee of the Exelon Board of Directors and the ComEd Board of Directors. The following items identify the material risks that the Registrants’ management
discussed in December 2006. 

•

The safe and efficient operation of Generation’s nuclear fleet is a significant factor in Exelon’s results of operations. Although Generation’s nuclear plants are among the
most efficient in the United States, there is a risk that Generation’s nuclear capacity factors could be significantly lower than planned or operating or fuel costs could be significantly higher than expected. 

33 

Table of Contents

•

 After 2006 in Illinois, Generation has been selling, and after 2010 in Pennsylvania, Generation will be selling more of its electricity through bilateral agreements with new
and existing counterparties at prices susceptible to market fluctuations. As a result, over time Exelon will shift from a company with relatively stable cash flows from its regulated affiliates to a company with cash flows that could vary
significantly with changes in market prices for electricity and natural gas. 

•

 Prior to 2007, Generation supplied electricity to ComEd at prices that were below market prices. Generation supplies electricity to PECO at prices that are currently below
prevailing market prices under a PPA that expires at the end of 2010. ComEd’s customers are experiencing increases in their costs for electric service beginning in 2007, and PECO’s customers could expect to see increases in their electric
bills after 2010. In Illinois, Pennsylvania and other states, there is growing pressure on state regulators and governments to take steps to reduce the impact of price increases on retail customers. A move away from fully competitive generation
markets as a result of regulatory or statutory requirements could significantly affect Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations. 

•

 ComEd’s and PECO’s business plans are based on the assumption that the utilities will receive fair regulatory treatment and therefore, based on current Federal and
state regulatory structures, can recover from customers revenue sufficient to cover their costs and earn a fair return. ComEd and PECO face the risk that rates for electric service will be set at levels that do not cover their costs of the purchase
and distribution of electricity plus a fair return on their investments in transmission and distribution systems. 

•

 Generation attempts to reduce its exposure to energy market price fluctuations through derivative transactions. Hedging increases liquidity requirements due to margining
requirements. Generation’s current PPA with PECO does not include a margin requirement. Beginning in 2007, Generation’s forward supply contracts with ComEd and third parties in Illinois do include margin requirements. Beginning in 2011,
Generation’s contracts for supply of electricity to PECO may also include margin requirements. Generation will need to maintain expanded credit facilities to meet these margin requirements. 

•

 Exelon and Generation maintain and manage trust funds to meet future employee pension, postretirement and nuclear decommissioning costs. The fund investments are market
instruments that will yield uncertain returns. There is a risk that the fund investments may not achieve projected returns, which could adversely affect Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations and cash flows.

•

 Active employee and retiree health care and pension cost are a significant part of Exelon’s cost structure. The costs associated with health care or pension obligations
could escalate at rates higher than anticipated, which would adversely affect Exelon’s results of operations and cash flows. 

•

 The nature of the Registrants’ businesses has the potential to have significant effects on the general public due to severe weather, environmental or nuclear incidents,
gas explosions, or prolonged electricity outages. The financial impact of an incident that interrupts the normal operation of a Registrant’s business for an extended period of time could be significant. 

•

 Exelon is subject to extensive environmental regulation and associated compliance costs. Regulations under section 316(b) of the Federal Clean Water Act require actions to
address the entrainment and impingement of aquatic organisms in the cooling water intakes of electric generation facilities. A number of Generation’s facilities will be affected by these regulations, which could impose significant compliance
costs on Generation for required modifications of its facilities. 

The risks listed above are discussed in further detail below, along with other risk factors identified by the Registrants. These risk factors, as well as the risks discussed in ITEM 7. Management’s 

34 

Table of Contents

Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation—Exelon—Liquidity and Capital Resources, may adversely affect the Registrants’
results of operations and cash flows and the market prices of their publicly traded securities. While each of the Registrants believes it has identified and discussed the key risk factors affecting its business, there may be additional risks and
uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect its performance or financial condition. 

Generation 

Market Transition Risks

Due to its dependence on two of its significant customers, ComEd and PECO,
Generation will be negatively affected in the event of non-performance or change in the creditworthiness of either of its most significant customers. 

Generation currently provides power under a PPA with PECO and supplier forward contracts with ComEd to meet 100% of PECO’s electricity supply requirements and
up to 35% of ComEd’s electricity supply requirements. Consequently, Generation is highly dependent on ComEd’s and PECO’s continued payments under these supplier forward contracts and the PPA and would be adversely affected by negative
events affecting these agreements, including the non-performance or a change in the creditworthiness of either ComEd or PECO. A default by ComEd or PECO under these agreements would have an adverse effect on Generation’s results of operations
and financial position. 

Generation’s business may be negatively affected by the
restructuring of the energy industry. 

Regional Transmission
Organizations.

 Generation is dependent on wholesale energy markets and open transmission access and rights by which Generation delivers power to its wholesale customers, including ComEd and PECO. Generation uses the wholesale regional
energy markets to sell power that Generation does not need to satisfy its long-term contractual obligations, to meet long-term obligations not provided by its own resources and to take advantage of price opportunities. 

Wholesale markets have only been implemented in certain areas of the country and each
market has unique features, which may create trading barriers among the markets. Approximately 79% of Generation’s generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the
region encompassed by PJM. Generation’s future results of operations, however, will depend on (1) FERC’s continued adherence to and support for policies that favor the development of competitive wholesale power markets, such as the
PJM market and (2) with respect to PJM, the absence of material changes to market structure that limit or otherwise negatively affect the competitiveness of the market. 

Provider of Last Resort.

 PECO and ComEd have POLR obligations to meet their respective retail customers’
energy supply needs. To enable it to fulfill that obligation through the end of 2010, PECO has a full-requirements PPA with Generation. To fulfill its obligation for energy supply beginning in 2007, ComEd has and will in the future conduct
procurement auctions. In the first ICC-approved procurement auction, 14 wholesale suppliers, including Generation, won the right to provide to ComEd the energy supply it needs to serve its retail customers from January 1, 2007 through
May 31, 2008. Generation’s share of this supply is 35%. 

Because retail customers in both Pennsylvania and Illinois can switch from PECO or ComEd to a competitive electric generation supplier for their energy needs, planning to meet PECO’s obligation to supply PECO with all of the
energy PECO needs to fulfill its POLR obligation and to provide the supply needed to serve
 Generation’s 35% share of the ComEd load is more difficult than planning for retail load before the advent of retail competition. Before retail
competition, the primary variables affecting

35 

Table of Contents

projections of load
 were weather and the economy. With retail competition, another major factor is the ability of retail customers to switch to
competitive electric generation suppliers. If fewer of such customers switch than Generation anticipates, the PECO and/or ComEd load that Generation must serve will be greater than anticipated, which could, if market prices have increased, increase
Generation’s costs (due to its need to go to market to cover its incremental supply obligation) more than the increase in Generation’s revenues. If more of such customers switch than Generation anticipates, the PECO and /or ComEd load that
Generation must serve will be lower than anticipated, which could, if market prices have decreased, caused Generation to lose opportunities in the market.

Generation may not be able to effectively respond to competition in the energy industry. 

Generation’s financial performance depends in part on its ability to respond to
competition in the energy industry. As a result of industry restructuring, numerous generation companies created by the disaggregation of vertically integrated utilities have become active in the wholesale power generation business. In addition,
independent power producers have become prevalent in the wholesale power industry. These new generating facilities may be more efficient than Generation’s facilities. The introduction of new technologies could lower prices and have an adverse
effect on Generation’s results of operations or financial condition. 

Generation
may not be able to effectively respond to increased demand for energy. 

Generation’s financial growth depends in part on its ability to respond to increased demand for energy. As the demand for electricity rises in the future, it may be necessary for the market to increase capacity through the construction
of new generating facilities. Both Illinois and Pennsylvania statutes contemplate that future generation will be built in those markets at the risk of market participants. Construction of new generating facilities by Generation in markets in which
it currently competes would be subject to market concentration tests administered by FERC. If Generation cannot pass these tests administered by FERC, it could be limited in how it responds to increased demand for energy. 

Nuclear Operations Risks 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by liabilities arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities.

Nuclear capacity factors.
 Capacity factors,
particularly nuclear capacity factors, significantly affect Generation’s results of operations. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically
being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently, to be successful, Generation must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase Generation’s operating costs by requiring Generation to
generate additional energy from its fossil or hydroelectric facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy Generation’s obligations to ComEd and PECO and other committed third-party sales. These
sources generally have higher costs than Generation incurs to generate energy from its nuclear stations. 

Nuclear refueling outages.
 Refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and currently average approximately
24 days in duration. When refueling outages at wholly and co-owned plants last longer than anticipated or Generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and Generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement
costs and/or lower energy sales. Each 24-day outage, depending on the capacity of the station, will decrease the total nuclear annual capacity factor between 0.3% and 0.5%. The number of refueling outages, including the AmerGen plants and the
co-owned plants, was 11 in 2006 with 9 planned for 2007. The projected total non-fuel capital expenditures for the nuclear plants operated by Generation will increase 

36 

Table of Contents

in 2007 compared to 2006 by approximately $37 million as Generation continues to invest in equipment upgrades to ensure safe reliable operations. Total operating and
maintenance expenditures are expected to increase by approximately $52 million in 2007 compared to 2006 as a result of inflationary cost increases. 

Nuclear fuel quality

. The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by Generation can affect the efficiency and costs of Generation’s
operations. Certain of Generation’s nuclear units have been identified as having a limited number of fuel performance issues. Remediation actions, including those required to address performance issues, could result in increased costs due to
accelerated fuel amortization and/or increased outage costs. It is difficult to predict the total cost of these remediation procedures. 

Spent nuclear fuel storage. 
The approval of a national repository for the storage of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain,
Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of spent nuclear fuel, and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse Generation for these costs. Also, any regulatory action
relating to the availability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel may adversely affect Generation’s ability to fully decommission the nuclear units. In addition, through the NRC’s “waste confidence” rule, the NRC has determined
that, if necessary, spent fuel generated in any reactor can be stored safely and without significant environmental impacts for at least 30 years beyond the licensed life for operation, which may include the term of a revised or renewed license of
that reactor, at its spent fuel storage basin or at either onsite or offsite independent spent fuel storage installations. 

License renewals.
 Generation cannot assure that economics will support the continued operation of the facilities for all or any portion of any renewed
license. If the NRC does not renew the operating licenses for Generation’s nuclear stations or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected by
increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs. 

Should a national policy for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel not be developed, the unavailability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel could become a consideration by the NRC during future nuclear license renewal proceedings, including
applications for new licenses, and may affect Generation’s ability to fully decommission its nuclear units. 

Environmental risk. 
If application of the Section 316(b) regulations establishing a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts from
the entrainment and impingement of aquatic organisms at existing generating stations requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at Oyster Creek, Salem or other Exelon power plants, this could result in material costs of compliance.
In addition, the amount of the costs required to retrofit Oyster Creek may negatively impact Generation’s decision to renew the operating license. 

Regulatory risk

. The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply
with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. A change in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result
in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation, may cause the NRC to initiate
such actions. 

Operational risk

. Operations at any
of Generation’s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where Generation has to shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time
and expense. Generation 

37 

Table of Contents

may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. In either event, Generation may lose revenue and
incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. For plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation may also incur liability to the co-owners. 

Nuclear accident risk

.

 Although the safety record of nuclear reactors, including Generation’s,
generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the United States and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a
nuclear accident may exceed Generation’s resources, including insurance coverages, and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position.

Nuclear insurance.

 As required by the Price-Anderson Act,
Generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance (currently $300 million for each operating site). Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. In addition,
the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $10.76 billion limit for a single incident. 

Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited (NEIL), a mutual insurance company to which Generation belongs, provides property and business interruption insurance for
Generation’s nuclear operations. In recent years, NEIL has made distributions to its members. Generation’s portion of the NEIL distribution for 2006 was $44 million, which was recorded as a reduction to operating and maintenance expenses
in its Consolidated Statement of Operations. Generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will continue at all. 

Decommissioning.
 NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available
in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for Generation’s four retired units) addressing Generation’s
ability to meet the NRC-estimated funding levels (NRC Funding Levels) including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the decommissioning trust funds. As of December 31, 2006, Generation identified trust funds for 6 units, which, at
current market levels, are being funded at a rate less than anticipated with respect to NRC Funding Levels. In December 2006, Generation made a submission to the NRC addressing this issue, demonstrating in accordance with NRC requirements, that the
trust funds for these 6 units indeed met NRC Funding Levels and remain adequately funded compared to the NRC Funding Level, when using alternate evaluation criteria allowed by NRC regulations. The NRC Funding Levels are based upon the assumption
that decommissioning will commence at the end of current licensed life. 

Forecasting investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. Ultimately, if the investments held by
Generation’s nuclear decommissioning trusts are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of Generation’s nuclear plants, Generation may be required to provide other means of funding its decommissioning obligations. 

Other Operating Risks 

Financial performance and load requirements may be adversely affected if Generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio.

A significant portion of Generation’s portfolio is used to
provide power under a long-term PPA with PECO and supplier forward contracts with ComEd beginning January 2007, as a result of the expiration of the PPA between Generation and ComEd at the end of 2006. To the extent portions of the 

38 

Table of Contents

portfolio are not needed for that purpose, Generation’s output is sold on the wholesale market. To the extent its portfolio is not sufficient to meet the
requirements of ComEd and PECO under the related agreements, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Generation’s financial results may be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements
of ComEd and PECO, manage its power portfolio and effectively handle the changes in the wholesale power markets. 

Generation relies on the availability of electric transmission facilities that it does not own or control to deliver its wholesale electric power to the purchasers of the power,
which may adversely affect its ability to deliver power to its customers. 

Generation depends on transmission facilities owned and operated by other companies, including ComEd and PECO, to deliver the power that it sells at wholesale. If transmission at these facilities is disrupted or transmission capacity is
inadequate, Generation may not be able to sell and deliver its wholesale power. The North American transmission grid is highly interconnected and, in extraordinary circumstances, disruptions at a point within the grid can cause a systemic response
that results in an extensive power outage. If a region's power transmission infrastructure is inadequate, Generation’s recovery of wholesale costs and profits may be limited. In addition, if restrictive transmission price regulation is imposed,
the transmission companies may not have sufficient incentive to invest in expansion of transmission infrastructure. 

FERC has required electric transmission services to be offered unbundled from commodity sales since 1996. Although this encourages wholesale market transactions for
electricity, access to transmission systems may not be available if transmission capacity is insufficient because of physical constraints or because it is contractually unavailable. Generation also cannot predict whether transmission facilities will
be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets. The expansion of PJM and the growth of other RTOs mitigate this risk to a degree as RTOs facilitate bilateral transactional activity in the physical wholesale
markets wholly within those RTOs without any need to secure transmission service. 

Generation is exposed to price fluctuations and other risks of the wholesale power market that are beyond its control, which may negatively impact its results of operations. 

Generation fulfills its energy commitments from the output of the generating
facilities that it owns as well as through buying electricity under long-term and short-term contracts in both the wholesale bilateral and spot markets. The excess or deficiency of energy owned or controlled by Generation compared to its obligations
exposes Generation to the risks of rising and falling prices in those markets, and Generation’s cash flows may vary accordingly. Generation’s cash flows from generation that is not used to meet its long-term supply commitments, including
its commitments to ComEd and PECO, are largely dependent on wholesale prices of electricity and Generation’s ability to successfully market energy, capacity and ancillary services. 

The wholesale spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of
electricity to the market during that hour. Many times, the next unit of electricity supplied would be supplied from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open-market wholesale price of electricity
likely reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert natural gas to electricity. Therefore, changes in the supply and cost of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. 

Credit Risk.
 In the bilateral markets, Generation is exposed to the risk
that counterparties that owe Generation money or energy will not perform their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Generation might be forced to 

39 

Table of Contents

purchase or sell power in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the
counterparties. In the spot markets, Generation is exposed to the risks of whatever default mechanisms exist in that market, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all participants, which may or may not be an effective way of lessening the
severity of the risk and the amounts at stake. Generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. 

Generation’s credit risk profile is anticipated to change based on the
creditworthiness of new and existing counterparties, including ComEd and Ameren. Additionally, due to the possibility of rate freeze legislation in Illinois affecting both ComEd and Ameren, Generation may be subject to the risk of default and, in
the event of a bankruptcy filing by ComEd or Ameren, a risk that the bankruptcy may result in rejection of contracts for the purchase of electricity. A default by ComEd or Ameren on contracts for purchase of electricity, or a rejection of those
contracts in a bankruptcy proceeding, could result in a disruption in the wholesale power markets. For additional information on the ComEd auction and the various regulatory proceedings and possible legislative actions, see Note 4 of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In addition, the retail
businesses subject Generation to credit risk resulting from a different customer base. 

Risk of Credit Downgrades.
 Generation’s trading business is required to meet credit quality standards. If Generation were to lose its investment grade credit rating or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit
standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under trading agreements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. If Generation had lost its investment
grade credit rating as of December 31, 2006, it would have been required to provide approximately $880 million in collateral. 

Immature Markets.

 Certain wholesale spot markets are new and evolving markets that vary from region to region and are still developing
practices and procedures. Problems in or the failure of any of these markets, as was experienced in California in 2000, could adversely affect Generation’s business. 

Hedging.
 Power Team buys and sells energy and other products in the wholesale markets and enters into financial
contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in Generation’s power generation portfolio. This activity may cause volatility in Generation’s future results of operations. 

Weather

. Generation’s operations are affected by weather, which affects demand for electricity as well as
operating conditions. Generation plans its business based upon normal weather assumptions. To the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, Generation may require greater resources to meet its contractual
requirements. Extreme weather conditions or storms may affect the availability of generation capacity and transmission, limiting Generation’s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. These conditions, which may not have been fully
anticipated, may have an adverse effect by causing Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when those markets are weak. 

Generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its
energy trading activities. 

Power Team's power trading (including
fuel procurement and power marketing) activities expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. These risk limits
and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with 

40 

Table of Contents

these activities. Even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of
operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the
calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot predict the impact that its power trading and risk management decisions may have on its business, operating results or financial
position. 

Generation’s business is capital intensive and the costs of capital
projects may be significant. 

Generation’s business is capital
intensive and requires significant investments in energy generation and in other internal infrastructure projects. Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected if Generation were unable to effectively manage its capital
projects. 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by price
volatility, availability and other risk factors associated with the procurement of fossil and nuclear fuel. 

Generation depends on coal, natural gas and nuclear fuel assemblies to operate its generating facilities. Coal is procured for coal-fired plants through annual,
short-term and spot-market purchases. Natural gas is procured through annual, monthly and spot-market purchases. Nuclear fuel assemblies are obtained through long-term uranium concentrate inventory and supply contracts, contracted conversion
services, contracted enrichment services and fuel fabrication services. The supply markets for coal, natural gas and nuclear fuel assemblies are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions that may negatively affect the results of
operations for Generation. It is not possible to predict the ultimate cost or availability of these commodities. Generation uses long-term contracts and financial instruments such as over-the-counter and exchange-traded instruments to mitigate price
risk associated with these commodity price exposures. 

ComEd and PECO 

The following risk factors
separately apply to each ComEd and PECO as further noted below. 

Regulatory Risks

Changes in ComEd’s and PECO’s terms and conditions of service,
including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which may introduce
time delays in effectuating rate changes. 

ComEd and PECO are
required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials,
consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. The proceedings generally have timelines, which may not be limited by statute.
Decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. For example, in ComEd’s most recent rate cases in Illinois, the ICC took eleven months to issue its orders which
were followed by rehearing proceedings and numerous appeals. 

In certain
instances, ComEd and PECO may agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters and customer initiatives. These settlements are typically subject to regulatory approval. 

ComEd and PECO cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by the Illinois and Pennsylvania state
regulators for establishing rates. Nevertheless, the expectation is that 

41 

Table of Contents

ComEd and PECO will continue to be obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant POLR
obligations, whereby each utility is required to provide electricity service to customers in its service area who choose to obtain their electricity from the utility. 

The ultimate outcome of these regulatory actions will have a significant effect on the ability of ComEd and PECO, as applicable, to
recover their costs and could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, lengthy proceedings and time delays in implementing new rates relative to when costs are actually
incurred could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s established rates are subject to subsequent prudency reviews by the state regulators. 

The ICC and PAPUC can adjust various portions of ComEd’s and PECO’s,
respectively, established rates, including rates for the procurement of electricity and the recovery of MGP remediation costs, in the regulatory process as a result of subsequent prudency reviews. The prudency reviews add uncertainty to established
rates. 

Increases in customer rates may lead to a greater amount of uncollectible
customer balances for ComEd and PECO. Future recoverability of any additional uncollectible customer balances is subject to regulatory proceedings. 

Effective January 2007, ComEd’s customer rates for delivery service and procurement of electricity increased. Additionally, ComEd’s residential customers
have the choice to elect to defer certain increases to future periods. See Note 4 of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. PECO’s gas rates may change quarterly based on market conditions which may
lead to higher prices. Additionally, PECO’s electric rates have increased in recent years as permitted under the Electric Restructuring Settlement and the PECO/Unicom Merger Settlement Agreements. Due to increased rates and the future
collection of deferred balances, ComEd and PECO may experience a greater amount of uncollectible customer balances. 

ComEd may file for voluntary relief under the provisions of Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code if rate rollback and freeze legislation is enacted into law. 

In January 2007, ComEd began billing customers under new rates approved by the ICC.
These rates reflect the pricing in supplier forward contracts entered into as a result of a reverse-auction competitive bidding process for ComEd’s procurement of electricity. Various governmental and consumer groups have opposed the increased
rates that are a byproduct of this auction, and legislation previously proposed in the Illinois House that, if enacted, would provide for a rate rollback and three-year rate freeze extension. If such legislation is enacted into law, ComEd would have
contractual obligations to purchase electricity under the supplier forward contracts at prices higher than the rates it would be allowed to collect from its customers for electricity. ComEd has estimated that it could incur operating losses of
approximately $1.4 billion per year ($850 million after taxes) or more, depending on various factors, if rates were rolled back and the transition period rate freeze is extended through 2009. Also, ComEd’s ability to obtain new financing or the
ability to refinance maturing debt instruments in 2007, would be severely limited due to expected shortfalls in cash flow, likely further credit downgrades to below investment grade and the threat of a bankruptcy filing. ComEd’s projected cash
shortfall under a rate freeze extension is anticipated to be approximately $1.4 billion or more in 2007. If rate rollback and rate freeze legislation is passed and allowed to take effect, the associated negative financial implications could lead
ComEd to file for voluntary relief under the provisions of Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 

42 

Table of Contents

The impact of not meeting the criteria of Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 71, "Accounting for the
Effects of Certain Types of Regulation" (SFAS No. 71) could be material to ComEd and PECO. 

As of December 31, 2006, Exelon, ComEd and PECO have concluded that the operations of ComEd and PECO meet the criteria of SFAS No. 71. If it is concluded
in a future period that a separable portion of their businesses no longer meets the criteria, Exelon, ComEd, and PECO are required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business, which would include the
elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in their Consolidated Balance Sheets and the recognition of a one-time extraordinary item in their Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income
(Loss). The impact of not meeting the criteria of SFAS No. 71 could be material to the financial statements of Exelon, ComEd and PECO. At December 31, 2006, the income statement gain could have been as much as $2.3 billion (before taxes)
as a result of the elimination of ComEd’s regulatory assets and liabilities. At December 31, 2006, the income statement charge could have been as much as $3.7 billion (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of PECO’s regulatory
assets and liabilities. Exelon would record an income statement gain or charge in an equal amount related to ComEd’s and PECO’s regulatory assets and liabilities in addition to a charge against other comprehensive income of up to $1.4
billion (before taxes) related to Exelon’s regulatory assets associated with its defined benefit postretirement plans. The impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an additional impairment of ComEd’s goodwill, which would be
significant and at least partially offset the extraordinary gain discussed above. A write-off of regulatory assets and liabilities also could limit the ability of ComEd and PECO to pay dividends under Federal and state law. See Notes 1, 4, 8 and 19
of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation, regulatory issues, ComEd’s goodwill and regulatory assets and liabilities, respectively. 

Mandatory RPS could negatively affect ComEd’s and PECO’s costs. 

Federal or state legislation mandating the use of renewable and alternative fuel
sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could result in significant changes in ComEd’s and PECO’s businesses, including renewable energy credit purchase costs, purchased power and potentially renewable energy credit costs and
capital expenditures. ComEd and PECO continue to monitor developments related to RPSs at the Federal and state levels. 

For additional information, see ITEM 1. Business “Environmental Regulation—Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards”. 

ComEd and PECO could be subject to higher transmission operating costs in the future as a result of
PJM’s regional transmission expansion plan (RTEP). 

On
November 7, 2006, FERC established hearing procedures to review the cost allocations proposed by PJM for a number of PJM mandated RTEP projects that will be placed into service over the next three years. ComEd and PECO did not challenge
PJM’s allocations of cost to them but, due to the uncertain scope of the matter and the nature of certain allocation issues specifically reserved for hearing, the matter may have an adverse impact on ComEd’s and PECO’s operating costs
in the future. 

PECO may be subject to the risk of a legislative or regulatorily
mandated requirement to purchase Philadelphia Gas Works (PGW). 

PGW
is a municipal gas utility owned by the City of Philadelphia that provides service almost exclusively within Philadelphia. One Pennsylvania state legislator recently submitted legislation to the 

43 

Table of Contents

Pennsylvania General Assembly that would provide the PAPUC with the authority to investigate PGW’s fitness to provide gas service and, if deemed unfit, to require
a qualified public utility to purchase PGW’s gas assets. If such legislation is enacted, PECO, with a gas service territory contiguous to, and an electric service territory that includes Philadelphia, could be subject to a proceeding in which
efforts are made to require PECO to purchase PGW’s gas assets. While PECO believes that such a forced purchase would be unlawful, such a proceeding could expose PECO potentially to significant economic risk. 

PECO may be required to change various business processes as a result of PAPUC management audit
findings. 

Under Pennsylvania law, a public utility is subject to a
broad management and operations audit conducted by the PAPUC or a consultant hired by the PAPUC every five to eight years. PECO is currently undergoing such an audit by a consultant hired by the PAPUC. Areas of the audit include, among others,
electric and gas operations, corporate governance, customer service, and affiliate relations. A final audit report is expected to be issued by the PAPUC in the third quarter of 2007. The audit could result in recommendations that PECO change various
business processes to improve its effectiveness in providing electric and gas service to its customers. 

Financial and Operating Risks 

ComEd’s and
PECO’s respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures may be negatively affected by transmission congestion. 

Demand for electricity within ComEd’s and PECO’s service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring
alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations. In addition, as with all utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity could result in PJM or FERC
requiring ComEd and PECO to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s operating costs, and customers’ and regulators’ opinions of ComEd and PECO, are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and
reliability of their delivery systems. 

Failures of the equipment or
facilities used in ComEd’s and PECO’s delivery systems can interrupt the transmission and delivery of electricity and related revenues and increase repair expenses and capital expenditures. Those failures or those of other utilities,
including prolonged or repeated failures, can affect customer satisfaction, the level of regulatory oversight and ComEd’s and PECO’s maintenance and capital expenditures. Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all
customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of service. Under Illinois law, however, ComEd can be required to pay damages to its customers in the event
of extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers. 

The effect of higher
purchased gas cost charges to customers may decrease PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

Gas rates charged to customers are comprised primarily of purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to PECO, and distribution charges, which
provide a return or profit to PECO. Purchased gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer’s bill and may be adjusted quarterly, are designed for PECO to recover the cost of the gas commodity and pipeline transportation and storage
services that PECO procures to service its customers. PECO’s cash flows can be impacted by differences between the time period when gas is purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers. 

44 

Table of Contents

When purchased gas cost charges increase substantially reflecting higher gas procurement costs incurred by PECO, customer usage may decrease, resulting in lower
distribution charges and lower profit margins for PECO. In addition, increased purchased gas cost charges to customers also may result in increased bad debt expense from an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances. 

The effects of weather and the related impact on electricity and gas usage may
decrease ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations. 

Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues.
Moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues. Because of seasonal pricing differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, ComEd and PECO typically report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal
year. However, extreme weather conditions or storms may stress ComEd’s and PECO’s transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’s ability to meet peak customer
demand. These extreme conditions may have detrimental effects on ComEd’s and PECO’s operations. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s businesses are capital intensive and the costs of capital projects may be significant. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in internal infrastructure projects. ComEd’s and PECO’s
results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if they are unable to effectively manage their own respective capital projects or if they do not receive full recovery of their own respective capital costs through future
regulatory proceedings. 

Other 

Exelon’s and ComEd’s goodwill may become impaired, which would result in write-offs of
the impaired amounts. 

Exelon and ComEd had approximately $2.7
billion of goodwill recorded at December 31, 2006 in connection with the PECO/Unicom merger. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP), goodwill will remain at its recorded amount unless it is determined to be
impaired, which is based upon an annual analysis prescribed by SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” (SFAS No. 142) that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. If an impairment occurs, such as
the impairments recorded during 2006 and 2005, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written off and expensed, reducing equity. 

There is a possibility that additional goodwill may be impaired at ComEd, and at Exelon, in 2007 or later periods. The actual timing and amounts of any goodwill
impairments in future years will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables, including changing interest rates, utility sector market performance, ComEd’s capital structure, market prices for power, results of ComEd’s
post-2006 rate proceedings, operating and capital expenditure requirements and other factors, some not yet known. Such a potential impairment charge could have a material impact on Exelon’s and ComEd’s operating results. 

See ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operation—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates for further discussion on goodwill impairments. 

45 

Table of Contents

General Business 

The following risk factors may adversely impact several or all of the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. 

Exelon’s generation and energy delivery businesses may be negatively affected by possible state
legislative or regulatory actions that could limit the retail price of electricity or place burdens on its generation business. 

Criticism of restructured electricity markets in public forums escalated during 2006 as retail rate freezes expired in a number of states as fuel prices increased,
thereby driving up retail prices for electricity. ComEd’s customers are experiencing increases in their costs for electric service beginning in 2007, and PECO’s customers could expect to see increases in their electric bills after 2010.
Consumers in other states are also experiencing significant rate increases. In Illinois, Pennsylvania and other states, there is growing pressure for state regulatory and political processes to take steps to reduce the impact of price increases on
retail customers. The political pressure for states to retreat from allowing competitively-priced supplies to serve retail load and to return to cost-based regulation of generation resources or take other actions directed at generators of
electricity creates heightened risk of limitations on the retail price of electricity, which could significantly affect the results of operations of ComEd and PECO, and a heightened risk of imposition of restrictions and other burdens on
Exelon’s generation business, which could significantly affect Generation’s results of operations. 

Generation may be negatively affected by possible Federal legislative or regulatory actions that could weaken competition in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules in the RTO markets. 

The criticism of restructured electricity markets, which escalated during 2006 as
retail rate freezes expired and prices for electricity increased with rising fuel prices, is expected to continue in 2007. A number of advocacy groups have urged FERC to reconsider its support for competitive wholesale electricity markets, and to
require the RTOs to revise the rules governing the RTO-administered markets. In particular, the advocacy groups oppose the RTOs’ use of a “single clearing price” for electricity sold in the RTO markets. FERC has announced that it will
convene a series of public conferences during 2007 to address the issues surrounding electric competition. While FERC has not proposed to revise its pricing rules, these events create heightened risk of changes in FERC’s rules governing
wholesale electricity markets, which in turn could significantly affect Generation’s results of operations. 

In addition, FERC has proposed to revise the tests that market participants must satisfy to be entitled to market-based rates. The actual impacts of any new rules
that are approved as a result of FERC’s future ruling related to market-based rates could significantly affect Generation’s results of operations. 

Results of operations may be negatively affected by increasing costs. 

Inflation affects the Registrants through increased operating costs and increased capital costs for plant and equipment. As a result of the regulatory recovery
process for ComEd and PECO, rate caps for PECO and price pressures due to competition, ComEd and PECO may not be able to recover the costs of inflation from their customers on a timely basis. 

In addition, the Registrants face rising medical benefit costs, including the current
costs for active and retired employees. These medical benefit costs are increasing at a rate that is significantly greater than the rate of general inflation. Additionally, it is possible that these costs may increase at a rate which is higher than
anticipated by the Registrants. If the Registrants are unable to successfully manage their medical benefit costs or other increasing costs, their results of operations could be negatively affected. 

46 

Table of Contents

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, which then
could require significant additional funding. 

The performance of
the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations to decommission Generation’s nuclear plants and under Exelon’s pension and postretirement benefit plans. The Registrants have
significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below the Registrants’ projected return rates. A decline in the
market value of the assets, as was experienced from 2000 to 2002, may increase the funding requirements of these obligations. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under Exelon’s pension and postretirement benefit
plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the
funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans. If the Registrants are unable to successfully manage the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, their results of operation and financial position could be
negatively affected. 

Exelon’s holding company structure could limit its ability
to pay dividends. 

Exelon is a holding company with no material
assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. Accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. Exelon’s ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends by its operating
subsidiaries. The payments of dividends to Exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. Under applicable Federal law, Generation, ComEd and PECO can pay
dividends only from the amount of retained, undistributed or current earnings. Under Illinois law, ComEd may not pay any dividend on its stock, unless, among other things, its earnings and earned surplus are sufficient to declare and pay a dividend
after provision is made for reasonable and proper reserves, or unless ComEd has specific authorization from the ICC. During 2006, ComEd did not pay any dividend. 

Exelon and Generation will be negatively affected if ComEd files for voluntary relief under the provisions of Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code. 

There is a risk that ComEd will be required to seek
protection in bankruptcy if legislation is enacted in Illinois to extend the rate freeze that expired in January 2007. Exelon anticipates that a bankruptcy filing by ComEd would have significant adverse consequences for Exelon and Generation. These
adverse consequences may include, but are not limited to: a significant loss in value of Exelon’s investment in ComEd; possible dilution of Exelon’s ownership interest in ComEd; possible reductions in credit ratings which could increase
borrowing costs; uncertainty in collection of receivables from ComEd for services provided by BSC; uncertainty in the enforcement of Generation’s rights under its supplier forward contracts with ComEd and possible rejection of the supplier
forward contracts in a ComEd bankruptcy; significant legal and other costs associated with the bankruptcy filing; possible negative income tax consequences; and possible reduced ability to effectively administer and allocate the costs of the various
Exelon-sponsored benefit plans. These items, along with other possible negative effects of a ComEd bankruptcy, could have a material adverse effect on Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows.

The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to
mandatory reliability standards. 

As a result of the Energy Policy
Act, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including Generation, ComEd and PECO, will be subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. These standards are currently being applied on a

47 

Table of Contents

voluntary basis and are expected to become mandatory in June 2007. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk electric
system operates reliably and is guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with new reliability standards may subject the Registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. In addition, the ICC and
PAPUC impose certain distribution reliability standards on ComEd and PECO. If the Registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.

The Registrants may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to
environmental and other matters. 

The businesses in which the
Registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state and Federal authorities. These laws and regulations affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. These
regulations affect how the Registrants handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal and are an important aspect of their operations. Violations of these emission and disposal requirements can subject the Registrants to enforcement
actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties’ claims for
alleged health or property damages. In addition, the Registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the Registrants and of property contaminated by
hazardous substances they generate. The Registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance, site remediation and clean-up. Remediation activities associated with MGP operations conducted by
predecessor companies will be one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the
future. 

Generation will incur material costs of compliance if
regulations under Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act require retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at power plants owned by Generation. In addition, Generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability
alleged at certain current and formerly owned generation facilities. Future legislative action could require Generation to contribute to a fund with a material contribution to settle lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure.

In some cases, a third party who has acquired assets from a Registrant
has assumed the liability the Registrant may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. If the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold the
Registrant responsible, and the Registrant’s remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. 

Select northeast and mid-Atlantic states have developed a model rule, via the RGGI, to regulate carbon emissions from fossil-fired generation in participating
states starting in 2009. Federal and/or state legislation to regulate carbon emissions could occur in the future. If these plans become effective, Exelon and Generation may incur costs to either further limit the emissions from certain of their
fossil-fuel fired facilities or in procuring emission allowance credits issued by various governing bodies. 

For additional information regarding environmental matters, including nuclear generating station groundwater, see “Environmental Regulation” in ITEM 1 of
this Form 10-K. 

War, acts and threats of terrorism and natural disaster may adversely
affect Exelon’s results of operations, its ability to raise capital and its future growth. 

Exelon does not know the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the industry in general and on Exelon in particular. In addition, any retaliatory
military strikes or sustained military 

48 

Table of Contents

campaign may affect its operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. The
possibility alone that infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation, electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, would be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror may affect Exelon’s operations.
Additionally, the continuing military activity in Iraq, Afghanistan and other wars may have an adverse effect on the economy in general. A lower level of economic activity might result in a decline in energy consumption, which may adversely affect
Exelon’s revenues or restrict its future growth. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism or war may affect Exelon’s results of operations and its ability to raise capital. In addition, the implementation of security
guidelines and measures have resulted in and are expected to continue to result in increased costs. 

Additionally, Exelon is affected by changes in weather and the occurrence of hurricanes, storms and other natural disasters in its service territory and throughout
the U.S. Severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive which could result in increased costs including supply chain costs. 

Changes in the availability and cost of insurance mean that the Registrants have greater exposure to economic loss due to property damage and liability. 

The Registrants carry property damage and liability insurance for their properties and
operations. As a result of significant changes in the insurance marketplace, the available coverage and limits may be less than the amount of insurance obtained in the past, the costs of obtaining such insurance may be higher and the recovery for
losses due to terrorist acts may be limited. The Registrants are self-insured for deductibles and to the extent that any losses may exceed the amount of insurance maintained. A claim that exceeds the amounts available under property damage and
liability insurance, together with the deductible, could negatively affect the Registrants’ results of operations. 

Changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact the Registrants’ results of
operations. 

Tax reserves and the recoverability of deferred
tax assets. 
The Registrants are required to make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various financial transactions and results of operations in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations
include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeals issues related to these tax matters. These judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that may be
subject to challenge by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), such as Exelon’s decision to defer the tax gain on ComEd’s 1999 sale of its fossil generating assets. The Registrants also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits,
including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected, and tax credits, including the potential phase-out of tax credits for the sale of synthetic fuel produced from coal, in the financial statements. Other
than as noted below, the Registrants do not record valuation allowances for deferred tax assets related to capital losses that the Registrants believe will be realized in future periods. See Notes 1 and 12 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for further detail. 

Increases in state income
taxes and fees
. Due to the revenue needs of the states in which the Registrants operate, various state income tax and fee increases have been proposed or are being considered. The Registrants cannot predict whether legislation or regulation
will be introduced, the form of any legislation or regulation, whether any such legislation or regulation will be passed by the state legislatures or regulatory bodies, or, if enacted, whether any such legislation or regulation would be effective
retroactively or prospectively. If enacted, these changes could increase state income tax expense and could have a negative impact on the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. 

In connection with the first reverse-auction competitive bidding process, which took
place in Illinois during September 2006, Exelon assessed any impacts from the results of the auction on its state 

49 

Table of Contents

income tax obligations and considered potential strategies and/or alternative interpretations that may be employed to mitigate these impacts. As a result, Exelon does
not believe the results of the auction will significantly affect the provision for state income taxes reported by Exelon on an annual basis. However, management’s estimates of future income tax rates are affected by various factors and actual
income tax obligations may differ from management’s estimates. See Note 4 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding the reverse-auction competitive bidding process. 

1999 sale of fossil generating assets.

 Exelon, through its ComEd
subsidiary, has taken certain tax positions, which have been disclosed to the IRS, to defer the tax gain on the 1999 sale of its fossil generating assets. Exelon’s ability to continue to defer all or a portion of this liability depends on
whether its treatment of the sales proceeds as having been received in connection with an involuntary conversion is proper pursuant to applicable law. Exelon’s ability to continue to defer the remainder of this liability may depend in part on
whether its tax characterization of a sale leaseback transaction into which ComEd entered in connection with the fossil plant sale is proper pursuant to applicable law. The Federal tax returns and related tax return disclosures covering the period
of the 1999 sale are currently under IRS audit. The IRS has indicated its position that the ComEd sale leaseback transaction is substantially similar to a leasing transaction, a sale-in, lease-out (SILO), the IRS is treating as a “listed
transaction” pursuant to guidance it issued in 2005. A listed transaction is one that the IRS considers to be a potentially abusive tax shelter. As a result of the IRS characterization of the lease transaction as a listed transaction, the IRS
is likely to vigorously challenge the transaction and has sought to obtain information not normally requested in audits. Exelon disagrees with the IRS’ characterization of its sale leaseback as a SILO and believes its position is correct under
the tax law and will aggressively defend that position upon audit and any subsequent appeals or litigation. 

In November 2006, ComEd received from the IRS a notice of proposed adjustment disallowing the deferral of gain associated with its position that proceeds from the
fossil plant sales resulted from an “involuntary conversion.” ComEd plans to protest this adjustment following receipt of the final IRS audit report, which is expected in late 2007. 

A successful IRS challenge to ComEd’s positions would accelerate future income tax
payments and increase interest expense related to the deferred tax gain that becomes currently payable. As of December 31, 2006, Exelon’s potential cash outflow, including tax and interest (after tax), could be as much as $960 million. If the
deferral were successfully challenged by the IRS, it could negatively affect Exelon’s results of operations by as much as $166 million (after tax) related to interest expense. See Note 12 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for further detail. 

Investments in synthetic
fuel-producing facilities.
 Exelon, through three wholly owned subsidiaries, has investments in synthetic fuel-producing facilities. Section 45K of the Internal Revenue Code provides tax credits for the sale of synthetic fuel produced from
coal. However, Section 45K contains a provision under which tax credits are phased out (i.e., eliminated) in the event crude oil prices for a year exceed certain thresholds. Recent events, such as terrorism, natural disasters and strong worldwide
demand, have significantly increased the price of domestic crude oil and, therefore, have created uncertainty as to the value of future synthetic fuel tax credits. At December 31, 2006, Exelon has estimated the 2007 phase-out of tax credits to be
18%. This estimate for 2007 may change significantly due to the volatility of oil prices. Absent any efforts to mitigate price exposure, a phase-out could result in the reduction of non-operating net income generated by the investments. See Note 12
of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Executive Overview and Liquidity and Capital Resources in ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation for further detail.

50 

Table of Contents

Exelon and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event
of non-performance. 

Exelon and certain of its subsidiaries have
issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate Exelon to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non- performance of these guaranteed obligations by the third parties, Exelon and its
subsidiaries could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. Such performance could have a material impact on the financial statements of Exelon and its subsidiaries. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding guarantees. 

The Registrants may make acquisitions that do not achieve the intended financial results. 

The Registrants may continue to pursue investments that fit their strategic objectives and improve their financial performance. With the repeal of PUHCA, the
Registrants are free to make investments and pursue mergers and acquisitions that were formerly not permitted under PUHCA and that might present more risk than the types of investments and mergers and acquisitions that were permitted under PUHCA.
However, with the repeal of PUHCA, it is possible that FERC or the state public utility commissions may impose certain other restrictions on the investments that the Registrants may make. Achieving the anticipated benefits of an investment is
subject to a number of uncertainties, and failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company and diversion of management’s time and
energy and could have an adverse effect on the combined company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.