. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate the challenges of their businesses and their ability to identify and mitigate these risks. 

Generation 

Nuclear capacity factors and refueling outages. Capacity factors, which are significantly affected by the number and duration of refueling outages, can have
a significant impact on Generation’s results of operations. As the largest generator of nuclear power in the United States, Generation can negotiate favorable terms for the materials and services that its business requires. Generation’s
nuclear plants have historically benefited from minimal environmental impact from operations and a safe operating history. 

Generation continues to aggressively manage its scheduled refueling outages to minimize their duration and to maintain high nuclear generating capacity factors,
resulting in a stable generation base for Generation’s short and long-term supply commitments and Power Team trading activities. Also, during scheduled refueling outages, Generation performs maintenance and equipment upgrades in order to
minimize the occurrence of unplanned outages and to maintain safe reliable operations. 

Adequacy of funds to decommission nuclear power plants. Generation has an obligation to decommission its nuclear power plants following their retirement from service. The ICC permitted ComEd through 2006, and the PAPUC
permits PECO to collect funds, from their customers, which are deposited in nuclear decommissioning trust funds maintained by Generation. Beginning in 2008, PECO will be recovering approximately $29 million annually for nuclear decommissioning. It
is anticipated that these collections will continue through the operating license life of each of the former PECO units, with adjustments every five years, subject to certain limitations, to reflect changes in cost estimates and decommissioning
trust fund performance. These trust funds, together with earnings thereon, will be 

35 

Table of Contents

used to decommission such nuclear facilities. Decommissioning expenditures are expected to occur primarily after the plants are retired. Certain decommissioning costs
are currently being incurred; however these current amounts are not considered material. In order to ensure adequate funding, Generation develops its decommissioning trust fund investment strategy based on an estimate of the timing and costs
associated with nuclear decommissioning. To the extent that actual decommissioning activities result in higher costs or are incurred in the nearer term, Generation may not have sufficient funds to pay for decommissioning. To fund future
decommissioning costs, Generation held $6.8 billion of investments in trust funds at December 31, 2007. 

On December 11, 2007, Generation entered into an Asset Sale Agreement with EnergySolutions, Inc. and its affiliates, including ZionSolutions, whereby, upon
completion of the agreement following the satisfaction of a number of closing conditions, Generation will transfer to ZionSolutions substantially all of the assets (other than land) associated with Zion Station, including assets held in nuclear
decommissioning trusts (approximately $870 million). In consideration for Generation’s transfer of those assets, ZionSolutions will assume decommissioning and other liabilities associated with Zion Station. 

See Note 13 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further
details on nuclear decommissioning and trust funds. 

Credit risk.
In order to evaluate the viability of Generation’s counterparties, Generation has implemented credit risk management procedures designed to mitigate the risks associated with these transactions. These policies include counterparty credit
limits and, in some cases, require deposits or letters of credit to be posted by certain counterparties. Generation’s counterparty credit limits are based on an internal credit review that considers a variety of factors, including the results
of a scoring model, leverage, liquidity, profitability, credit ratings and risk management capabilities. Generation attempts to enter into enabling agreements that allow for payment netting with its counterparties, which reduce Generation’s
exposure to counterparty risk by providing for the offset of amounts payable to the counterparty against amounts receivable from the counterparty. Typically, each enabling agreement is for a specific commodity and so, with respect to each individual
counterparty, netting is limited to transactions involving that specific commodity product, except where master netting agreements exist with a counterparty that allows for cross-product netting. To the extent that a counterparty’s credit limit
and letter of credit thresholds are exceeded, the counterparty is required to post collateral with Generation as specified in each enabling agreement. Generation monitors current and forward credit exposure to counterparties and their affiliates,
both on an individual and an aggregate basis. 

Extreme weather.
Generation incorporates contingencies into its planning for extreme weather conditions, including potentially reserving capacity to meet summer loads at levels representative of warmer-than-normal weather conditions. 

Wholesale energy market prices. Generation is exposed to commodity price risk
associated with the unhedged portion of its electricity portfolio. Generation enters into derivative contracts, including forwards, futures, swaps, and options, with approved counterparties to hedge this anticipated exposure. Generation has hedges
in place that significantly mitigate this risk for 2008 and 2009 and, with the ComEd swap arrangement, also for 2010 into 2013. However, except for the ComEd swap arrangement, Generation is exposed to relatively greater commodity price risk beyond
2009 for which a larger portion of its electricity portfolio may be unhedged. Generation has been and will continue to be proactive in using hedging strategies to mitigate this risk in subsequent years as well. Generation has estimated a greater
than 90% economic and cash flow hedge ratio for 2008 for its energy marketing portfolio. 

Commodity prices. Generation’s Power Team manages the output of Generation’s assets and energy sales to optimize value and reduce the volatility of Generation’s earnings and cash flows. 

36 

Table of Contents

Generation attempts to manage its exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. 

Further, the supply markets for coal, natural gas and the uranium and services needed
for nuclear fuel assemblies, which are used to operate the generating facilities, are subject to price fluctuations and availability restrictions. While it is not possible to predict the ultimate cost or availability of the commodities, Generation
uses long-term contracts and financial instruments such as over-the-counter and exchange-traded instruments to mitigate some of the price risk associated with these commodities. 

ComEd and PECO 

Post-transition rates. ComEd engaged extensively in the regulatory and legislative process related to the end of its transition period to manage the risk
that it would not be able to pass through its power purchase costs to customers. In an effort to mitigate this risk, ComEd and Generation entered into the Settlement in July 2007 that was subsequently reflected in Settlement Legislation that ComEd
believes will promote competition in Illinois’ retail markets and allow utilities to recover their approved supply costs while relieving pressure for rate freeze, generation tax, or other similar legislation. The Settlement stipulates that if
legislation is enacted by the Illinois General Assembly prior to August 1, 2011 that freezes rates or imposes a generation tax, ComEd, Generation and other contributors to rate relief fund for Illinois electric customers could terminate their
funding commitments made as part of the Settlement. See Note 4 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 

While PECO has made no regulatory filings to date to revise its transmission and distribution rates established in 2000, PECO will continue to work with Federal and
state regulators, state and local governments, customer representatives and other interested parties to develop appropriate processes for establishing future rates in restructured electricity markets. PECO will strive to ensure that future rate
structures recognize the substantial improvements PECO has made, and will continue to make, in its transmission and distribution systems. PECO will also work to ensure that its post-2010 retail generation rates are adequate to cover its costs of
obtaining electricity from its suppliers, which could include Generation. 

Power supply risks. To effectively manage its obligation to provide power to meet its customers’ demand, ComEd has supplier forward contracts, effective January 2007, with various energy providers. ComEd is allowed by the ICC to
recover from customers the cost of purchased electricity. Therefore, should an approved supplier default and ComEd be required to purchase replacement electricity, ComEd would be entitled to recover any incremental costs from customers. To fulfill a
requirement of the Settlement and to mitigate ComEd’s exposure to the volatility of market prices, ComEd and Generation entered into a five-year financial swap arrangement, the effect of which is to cause ComEd to pay fixed prices and cause
Generation to pay a market price for a portion of ComEd’s load. The financial swap contract dovetails with ComEd’s remaining auction contracts for energy, increasing in volume as the contracts expire over the next few years. Pursuant to
the Settlement Legislation and the ICC-approved procurement model, this arrangement will be deemed prudent and ComEd will receive full cost recovery in rates. 

To effectively manage its obligation to provide power to meet its customers’ demand, PECO has a full-requirements PPA with Generation that reduces
PECO’s exposure to the volatility of customer demand and market prices through 2010. 

Transmission congestion. ComEd and PECO have made, and expect to continue to make, significant capital expenditures to ensure the adequate capacity and reliability of their transmission systems. On an ongoing basis, PJM,
in cooperation with ComEd and PECO, performs screening 

37 

Table of Contents

analyses based on forecasts of future transmission system conditions in order to determine system reinforcements needed to maintain the reliable and economic operation
of both systems. 

General Business 

Security risk. The Registrants have initiated and work to maintain security
measures. On a continuing basis, the Registrants evaluate enhanced security measures at certain critical locations, enhanced response and recovery plans, long-term design changes and redundancy measures. Additionally, the energy industry is working
with governmental authorities to ensure that emergency plans are in place and critical infrastructure vulnerabilities are addressed in order to maintain the reliability of the country’s energy systems. 

Interest rates. The Registrants use a combination of fixed-rate and
variable-rate debt to reduce interest-rate exposure. The Registrants may also use interest-rate swaps when deemed appropriate to adjust exposure based upon market conditions. Additionally, the Registrants may use forward-starting interest-rate swaps
and/or treasury rate locks when deemed appropriate to lock in interest-rate levels in anticipation of future financings. See ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for further information. 

Executive Officers of the Registrants as of February 7, 2008 

Exelon 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Rowe, John W.

62

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and President, Exelon Generation

 Clark, Frank M.

62

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ComEd

 O’Brien, Denis P.

47

Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer and President, PECO

 Crane, Christopher M.

49

Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Exelon Generation

 McLean, Ian P.

58

Executive Vice President, Finance and Markets

 Moler, Elizabeth A.

59

Executive Vice President, Governmental and Environmental Affairs and Public Policy

 Von Hoene Jr., William A.

54

Executive Vice President and General Counsel

 Zopp, Andrea L.

51

Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer

 Hilzinger, Matthew F.

44

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

Generation 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Rowe, John W.

62

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Exelon and President

 Crane, Christopher M.

49

Executive Vice President, Exelon, and Chief Operating Officer

 Pardee, Charles G.

48

Senior Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer, Exelon Nuclear

 Schiavoni, Mark A.

52

Senior Vice President and President, Exelon Power

 Cornew, Kenneth W.

42

Senior Vice President, Exelon and President, Power Team

 Hilzinger, Matthew F.

44

Senior Vice President, Exelon and Chief Financial Officer

 Veurink, Jon D.

43

Vice President and Controller

38 

Table of Contents

ComEd 

 Name

Age

 Position

 Clark, Frank M.

62

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 Mitchell, J. Barry

60

President and Chief Operating Officer

 Pramaggiore, Anne R.

49

Executive Vice President Customer Operations, Regulatory and External Affairs

 McDonald, Robert K.

52

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Risk Officer

 Hooker, John T.

59

Senior Vice President, State Legislative and Governmental Affairs

 Galvanoni, Matthew R.

35

Vice President and Controller

PECO 

 Name

Age

 Position

 O’Brien, Denis P.

47

Executive Vice President, Exelon, Chief Executive Officer and President

 Barnett, Phillip S.

44

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 Adams, Craig L.

55

Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer

 Crutchfield, Lisa

44

Senior Vice President, Regulatory and External Affairs

 Galvanoni, Matthew R.

35

Vice President and Controller

Each of the above executive
officers holds such office at the discretion of the respective company’s board of directors until his or her replacement or earlier resignation, retirement or death. 

Prior to his election to his listed positions, Mr. Rowe was Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Exelon from 2004 to 2007 and has
served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Exelon since 2002. 

Prior to his election to his listed positions, Mr. Clark was Executive Vice President and Chief of Staff of Exelon and President of ComEd from 2004 to 2005; Senior Vice President, Exelon, and Executive Vice President of Exelon Energy
Delivery and President ComEd from 2003 to 2004; and Senior Vice President Exelon Energy Delivery and President ComEd from 2002 to 2003. Mr. Clark is listed as an executive officer of Exelon by reason of his position as the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of ComEd. 

Prior to his election to his listed
position, Mr. O’Brien was President of PECO from 2003 to 2007; and Executive Vice President of PECO from 2002 to 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Crane was Senior Vice President, Exelon, and President and Chief Nuclear Officer, Exelon Nuclear from 2004 to
2007; and Chief Operating Officer, Exelon Nuclear from 2003 to 2004; and Senior Vice President for Exelon Nuclear from 2000 to 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. McLean was Executive Vice President, Exelon and President, Power Team from 2002 to 2008. 

Ms. Moler was elected to her listed position in 2002. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Von Hoene was Senior Vice
President and General Counsel, Exelon from 2006 to 2008; Senior Vice President and acting General Counsel, Exelon from 2005 to 2006; Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel, Exelon from 2004 to 2005; and Vice President and Deputy General
Counsel, Exelon from 2002 to 2004. 

39 

Table of Contents

Prior to her election to her listed position, Ms. Zopp was Senior Vice President, Exelon and Chief Human
Resources Officer from 2007 to 2008; Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Exelon from 2006 to 2007; Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Sears Holding Corporation from 2003 to 2005; Vice President, Deputy General
Counsel, Sara Lee Corporation from 2000 to 2003. 

Prior to his election
to his listed position, Mr. Hilzinger was Senior Vice President, Exelon and Corporate Controller from 2005 to 2008; Vice President, Exelon and Corporate Controller from 2002 to 2005. Mr. Hilzinger was Principal Accounting Officer for ComEd
and PECO through December 31, 2006. 

Prior to his election to his
listed position, Mr. Pardee was Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Exelon Nuclear from 2005 to 2007; Senior Vice President Engineering and Technical Services from 2004 to 2005; Senior Vice President Nuclear Services from 2003 to
2004; and Senior Vice President of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Operating Group from 2002 to 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Schiavoni was Vice President of Exelon Power from 2003 to 2004; and Vice President of Northeast Operations of
Exelon Power from 2002 to 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed
position, Mr. Cornew held the following positions in the Power Team division of Exelon Generation: Senior Vice President, Trading and Origination from 2007 to 2008; Senior Vice President, Power Transactions and Wholesale Marketing from 2004 to
2007; Vice President, Portfolio Management from 2003 to 2004; and Vice President, Long-Term Transactions from 2000 to 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Veurink was a partner at Deloitte & Touche LLP from 2000 to 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Mitchell was President of ComEd
from 2005 to 2007; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Exelon during 2005; and Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Exelon from 2002 to 2005. 

Prior to her election to her listed position, Ms. Pramaggiore was Senior Vice President, Regulatory and External Affairs, ComEd from 2005 to 2007; and Vice
President, Regulatory and Strategic Services from 2002 to 2005. 

Prior to
his election to his listed position, Mr. McDonald was Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Chief Risk Officer of Exelon during 2005; and Vice President of Financial Planning and Risk Management of Exelon from 2002 to 2005.

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Hooker served as
Senior Vice President, ComEd, Legislative and External Affairs and Exelon Energy Delivery Real Estate and Property Management from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Hooker served as Vice President Exelon Energy Delivery Property Management and ComEd
Legislative and External Affairs during 2003; and Vice President Distribution Services and Public Affairs from 1999 to 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed positions, Mr. Galvanoni was Director of Financial Reporting and Analysis, Exelon during 2006. Mr. Galvanoni has also
served as Director of Accounting and Reporting, Generation from 2004 to 2005 and was Director of External Reporting, Exelon from 2002 to 2003. 

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Barnett was Senior Vice President, Corporate Financial Planning, Exelon, from 2005 to 2007; and Vice
President Finance, Exelon Generation from 2003 to 2005; and Chief Financial Officer of GE Capital TIP Intermodal Services from 2001-2003. 

40 

Table of Contents

Prior to his election to his listed position, Mr. Adams was Senior Vice President and Chief Supply Officer,
Exelon Business Services Company, LLC from 2004 to 2007; and Senior Vice President, Exelon Energy Delivery Support Services from 2002 to 2004. 

Prior to her election to her listed position, Ms. Crutchfield served as Vice President, Regulatory and External Affairs at PECO from 2003 to 2007; and Vice
President and General Manager at TIAA-CREF Southern Service Center from 2000 to 2002. 

ITEM 1A.

 

The Registrants each operate in a market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond their control. The Registrants’ management regularly evaluates the most significant risks of
the Registrants’ businesses and discusses those risks with the Risk Oversight Committee of the Exelon Board of Directors and the ComEd and PECO Boards of Directors. The risk factors below, as well as the risks discussed in ITEM 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation—Exelon—Liquidity and Capital Resources, may adversely affect the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows and the market prices of
their publicly traded securities. While each of the Registrants believes it has identified and discussed the key risk factors affecting its business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not
currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect its performance or financial condition. 

General Business 

The following risk
factors may adversely impact several or all of the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. 

Exelon’s generation and energy delivery businesses are highly regulated. Fundamental changes in regulation could disrupt Exelon’s business plans and adversely affect its operations and financial results.

Substantially all aspects of the businesses of Exelon and its
subsidiaries are subject to comprehensive Federal or state regulation. Further, Exelon’s operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent upon the ability of its generation business to sell power at market-based rates, as opposed to
cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and the ability of its energy delivery businesses to recover their costs for purchased power and their costs of distribution of power to their customers. In its business planning and in the management
of its operations, Exelon must address the effects of regulation of its businesses and changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by Federal and state legislatures, RTOs, ratemaking jurisdictions and taxing authorities. In
particular, state and Federal legislative and regulatory bodies are facing pressures to address consumer concerns that energy prices in wholesale markets exceed the marginal cost of operating nuclear plants, claims that this difference is evidence
that the competitive model is not working, and resulting calls for some form of re-regulation, the elimination of marginal pricing, the imposition of a generation tax, or some other means of reducing the earnings of Generation and its competitors.
Although Exelon does not agree with this position, the effectiveness of Exelon in meeting these challenges affects its operating results and cash flows and the value of its generation and energy delivery assets. Fundamental changes in the nature of
the regulation of Exelon’s businesses would require changes in its business planning models and could adversely affect its operating results and the value of its assets. 

41 

Table of Contents

The Settlement Legislation enacted in Illinois in 2007 providing rate relief to Illinois electric customers and requiring other
changes in the electric industry in lieu of harmful alternatives such as rate freezes, caps, or a tax on generation, could be reversed or modified by new legislation that could be harmful to ComEd and Generation. 

The Settlement Legislation enacted in Illinois in August 2007 contemplates
approximately $1 billion of rate relief to Illinois electric customers. The Settlement Legislation will also require several other changes to the electric industry in Illinois, including the creation of a new state power agency, an alternative
method of purchasing power for consumers and a mandated increase in energy efficiency and renewable energy standards. This Settlement Legislation was the result of the Settlement reached by ComEd, Generation, and other utilities and generators in
Illinois with various representatives of the State of Illinois concluding months of extensive discussions and following various bills that had been proposed by the Illinois House of Representatives and Senate in an attempt to address higher electric
bills experienced in Illinois since the end of the legislatively mandated transition and rate freeze at the end of 2006. The Settlement Legislation addressed those concerns without implementing a rate freeze, generation tax, or other alternative
measures that Exelon believes would have been harmful to consumers of electricity, electric utilities, generators of electricity and the State of Illinois. For more information regarding potential risks associated with such legislation, see
“Illinois Settlement Agreement” and “Retail Electric Services” in Item 1 of this Form 10-K. Although the Settlement Legislation allows the contributors to the rate relief to terminate their funding commitments and recover
any undisbursed funds set aside for rate relief in the event that, prior to August 1, 2011, the Illinois General Assembly passes legislation that freezes or reduces electric rates of or imposes a generation tax on parties to the Settlement,
there is no guarantee that such legislation will not be passed and enacted in Illinois. The experience in Illinois in 2007 suggests a risk that the Illinois General Assembly may threaten extreme measures again in the future in an attempt to force
electric utilities and generators to make further concessions. Such legislation, if enacted, could have a material adverse effect on ComEd and Generation’s results of operations and cash flows. 

Results of operations may be negatively affected by increasing costs. 

Inflation affects the Registrants through increased operating costs and increased
capital costs for plant and equipment. In addition, the Registrants face rising medical benefit costs, including the current costs for active and retired employees. These medical benefit costs are increasing at a rate that is significantly greater
than the rate of general inflation. Additionally, it is possible that these costs may increase at a rate which is higher than anticipated by the Registrants. If the Registrants are unable to successfully manage their medical benefit costs, pension
costs, or other increasing costs, their results of operations could be negatively affected. 

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding. 

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets that are held
in trust to satisfy future obligations to decommission Generation’s nuclear plants and under Exelon’s pension and postretirement benefit plans. The Registrants have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in
these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below the Registrants’ projected return rates. For example, certain investments within the trusts hold underlying securities in
subprime mortgage related assets. Due to recent market developments, including a series of rating agency downgrades of subprime U.S. mortgage-related assets, the fair value of these subprime-related investments may decline. Exelon expects that
market conditions will continue to evolve, and that the fair value of Exelon’s subprime-related investments may frequently change. A decline in the market value of the assets, as was experienced in prior periods, may increase the funding
requirements of the obligations to decommission Generation’s nuclear plants and under Exelon’s pension and postretirement benefit 

42 

Table of Contents

plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under Exelon’s pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the
liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations
related to the pension benefit plans. If the Registrants are unable to successfully manage the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, their results of operation and financial position could be negatively affected. 

Exelon’s holding company structure could limit its ability to pay dividends. 

Exelon is a holding company with no material assets other than the investment in its
subsidiaries. Accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. Exelon’s ability to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends by its operating subsidiaries. The payments of dividends to
Exelon by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings. The Federal Power Act declares it to be unlawful for any officer or director of any public utility “to
participate in the making or paying of any dividends of such public utility from any funds properly included in capital account.” What constitutes “funds properly included in capital account” is undefined in the Federal Power Act or
the related regulations; however, FERC has consistently interpreted the provision to allow dividends to be paid as long as (1) the source of the dividends is clearly disclosed, (2) the dividend is not excessive and (3) there is no
self-dealing on the part of corporate officials. In addition, under Illinois law, ComEd may not pay any dividend on its stock, unless, among other things, its earnings and earned surplus are sufficient to declare and pay a dividend after provision
is made for reasonable and proper reserves, or unless ComEd has specific authorization from the ICC. During 2006 and 2007, ComEd did not pay any dividend. See Note 19 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information regarding fund transfer restrictions. 

The Registrants could be subject to
higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards. 

As a result of the Energy Policy Act, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including Generation, ComEd and PECO, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. These
standards, which previously were being applied on a voluntary basis, became mandatory on June 18, 2007. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and is guided by
reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with new reliability standards may subject the Registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. In addition, the ICC and PAPUC impose certain distribution
reliability standards on ComEd and PECO, respectively. If the Registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. 

The Registrants may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental
and other matters. 

The businesses in which the Registrants operate
are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state and Federal authorities. These laws and regulations affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. These regulations affect how the
Registrants handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal and are an important aspect of their operations. Violations of these emission and disposal requirements can subject the Registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to
bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties’ claims for alleged health or property
damages. In addition, the 

43 

Table of Contents

Registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by the Registrants and
of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. The Registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance, site remediation and clean-up. Remediation activities associated with MGP
operations conducted by predecessor companies will be one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and may be subject to
additional proceedings in the future. 

Generation will incur material
costs of compliance if regulations under Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act require retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at power plants owned by Generation. In addition, the amounts of the costs required to retrofit Oyster Creek
may negatively impact Generation’s decision to operate the plant after the Section 316(b) matter is ultimately resolved. Additionally, Generation is subject to exposure for asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain
current and formerly owned generation facilities. Future legislative action could require Generation to contribute to a fund with a material contribution to settle lawsuits for alleged asbestos-related disease and exposure. 

In some cases, a third party who has acquired assets from a Registrant has assumed the
liability the Registrant may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. If the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold the Registrant
responsible, and the Registrant’s remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. See Note 19 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

Exelon and Generation may incur material costs of compliance if federal and/or state legislation is
adopted to address climate change. 

Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other companies in many business sectors, including utilities, are considering ways to address the effect
of GHG emissions on climate change. Select northeast and mid-Atlantic states have developed a model rule, via the RGGI, to regulate CO2 emissions from fossil-fired generation in participating states starting in 2009. Federal and/or state
legislation to reduce GHG emissions are likely to evolve in the future. If these plans become effective, Exelon and Generation may incur material costs to either further limit the GHG emissions from its operations or in procuring emission allowance
credits. For more information regarding climate change, see “Global Climate Change” in ITEM 1 of this Form 10-K. 

War, acts and threats of terrorism, natural disaster and other significant events may adversely affect Exelon’s results of operations, its ability to raise capital and its
future growth. 

Exelon does not know the impact that any future
terrorist attacks may have on the industry in general and on Exelon in particular. In addition, any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect its operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and
disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. The possibility alone that infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation, electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, would be direct targets of, or indirect
casualties of, an act of terror may affect Exelon’s operations. Additionally, natural disasters and other events that have an adverse effect on the economy in general may adversely affect Exelon’s operations and its ability to raise
capital. A lower level of economic activity might result in a decline in energy consumption, which may adversely affect Exelon’s revenues or restrict its future growth. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural
disasters, credit crises, recession or other factors also may affect Exelon’s results of operations and its 

44 

Table of Contents

ability to raise capital. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures have resulted in and are expected to continue to result in increased
costs. 

Additionally, Exelon is affected by changes in weather and the
occurrence of hurricanes, storms and other natural disasters in its service territory and throughout the U.S. Severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive which could result in increased costs including supply chain costs. See
“Environmental Regulation” in ITEM 1 of this Form 10-K for further information. 

Changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations. 

1999 sale of fossil generating assets. 
The IRS has challenged
Exelon’s 1999 tax position on an involuntary conversion and like-kind exchange transaction. If the IRS is successful in its challenge, it would accelerate future income tax payments and increase interest expense related to the deferred tax gain
that becomes currently payable. As of December 31, 2007, Exelon’s and ComEd’s potential cash outflow, including tax and interest (after tax), could be as much as $992 million. If the deferral were successfully challenged by the
IRS, it could negatively affect Exelon’s and ComEd’s results of operations by up to $167 million (after tax) related to interest expense. The timing of the final resolution of this matter is unknown. See Note 12 of the Combined Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 

Tax
reserves and the recoverability of deferred tax assets. 
The Registrants are required to make judgments in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and
employment-related taxes and ongoing appeals issues related to these tax matters. These judgments include reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that may be subject to challenge by the tax authorities.
The Registrants also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected, and tax credits, including the potential phase-out of tax credits for the sale of
synthetic fuel produced from coal, in the financial statements. Exelon has not recorded a valuation allowance for $15 million of deferred tax assets related to capital losses that the Registrants believe will be realized in future periods. See Notes
1 and 12 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. 

Increases in taxes and fees. 
Due to the revenue needs of the states and jurisdictions in which the Registrants operate, various tax and fee increases may be proposed or considered. The Registrants cannot predict
whether legislation or regulation will be introduced, the form of any legislation or regulation, whether any such legislation or regulation will be passed by the state legislatures or regulatory bodies, or, if enacted, whether any such legislation
or regulation would be effective retroactively or prospectively. If enacted, these changes could increase tax expense and could have a negative impact on the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. 

In August 2007, the Governor of Illinois signed Illinois SB 1544 into law, which became
effective January 1, 2008. SB 1544 provides for market-based sourcing of the generation and sale of electricity for Illinois income tax purposes. This legislation will affect the method in which sales of electricity are apportioned in the
determination of Illinois income tax. The language in SB 1544 is broad based and undefined and expressly provides that the sourcing of electricity may be subject to rules prescribed by the Illinois Department of Revenue. Based on the limited
statutory definitions and legislative intent available at this time, Exelon cannot reasonably estimate the impact on its Illinois income tax. The Illinois Department of Revenue is expected to issue guidance implementing this legislation. As guidance
is released, Exelon will further assess the impact that SB 1544 may have on its financial position, results of operations and cash flows. On January 13, 2008, Illinois enacted SB 783 amending the language of SB 1544 to expressly provide that
the Department of Revenue “shall” establish utility sourcing regulations. 

45 

Table of Contents

Exelon and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event
of non-performance. 

Exelon and certain of its subsidiaries have
issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate Exelon and its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance of these guaranteed obligations by the third parties,
Exelon and its subsidiaries could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. Such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results or financial condition of Exelon and its subsidiaries.
See Note 19 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding guarantees. 

The Registrants may make acquisitions that do not achieve the intended financial results. 

The Registrants may continue to make investments and pursue mergers and acquisitions that fit their strategic objectives and improve
their financial performance. It is possible that FERC or the state public utility commissions may impose certain other restrictions on the investments that the Registrants may make. Achieving the anticipated benefits of an investment is subject to a
number of uncertainties, and failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company and diversion of management’s time and energy and could
have an adverse effect on the combined company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce may negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations. 

Certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major
event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, may lead to challenges and increased costs for the Registrants. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development.
In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. If the Registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of
operations could be negatively affected. 

Generation 

Market Transition Risks

Due to its dependence on its two most significant customers, ComEd and PECO,
Generation will be negatively affected in the event of non-performance or change in the creditworthiness of either of its most significant customers. 

Generation currently provides power under supplier forward contracts with ComEd to supply up to 35% of ComEd’s electricity supply requirements and a PPA with
PECO to meet 100% of PECO’s electricity supply requirements. Consequently, Generation is highly dependent on ComEd’s and PECO’s continued payments under these supplier forward contracts and the PPA and would be adversely affected by
negative events affecting these agreements, including the non-performance or a change in the creditworthiness of either ComEd or PECO. A default by ComEd or PECO under these agreements would have an adverse effect on Generation’s results of
operations and financial position. 

46 

Table of Contents

Generation’s affiliation with ComEd and PECO, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of Generation’s
physical asset base within the ComEd and PECO service territories, could increase Generation’s cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding ComEd and PECO retail rates result in settlements or legislative or
regulatory requirements funded in part by Generation. 

Generation
has significant generating resources within the service areas of ComEd and PECO and makes significant sales to each of them. Those facts tend to cause Generation to be directly affected by developments in those markets. Government officials,
legislators and advocacy groups are aware of Generation’s affiliation with ComEd and PECO, and its sales to each of them. In periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased costs of energy production and supply, those
officials and advocacy groups may question or challenge costs incurred by ComEd or PECO, including transactions between Generation, on the one hand, and ComEd or PECO, on the other hand, regardless of any previous regulatory processes or approvals
underlying those transactions. The prospect of such challenges may increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challenges may subject Generation to a level of scrutiny not faced by
other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. In addition, government officials and legislators may seek ways to force Generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through measures such as generation-based
taxes and contributions to rate relief packages. 

Generation’s business may be
negatively affected by the restructuring of the energy industry. 

RTOs.

 Generation is dependent on wholesale energy markets and open transmission access and rights by which Generation delivers power to its wholesale customers, including ComEd and PECO. Generation uses the wholesale
regional energy markets to sell power that Generation does not need to satisfy its long-term contractual obligations, and to purchase power to meet obligations not provided by its own resources. These wholesale markets allow Generation to take
advantage of market price opportunities but also expose Generation to market risk. 

Wholesale markets have only been implemented in certain areas of the country and each market has unique features, which may create trading barriers among the markets. Approximately 83% of Generation’s generating resources,
which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the region encompassed by PJM. Generation’s future results of operations will depend on (1) FERC’s continued adherence to and
support for policies that favor the development of competitive wholesale power markets, such as the PJM market, and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect the competitiveness of
the PJM market, such as, for example, withdrawal of significant participants from the regional wholesale markets. Generation could also be adversely affected by efforts of state legislatures and regulatory authorities to respond to the concerns of
consumers or others about rising costs of energy that are reflected through wholesale markets. 

Competitive Electric Generation Suppliers.

 Because retail customers in both Pennsylvania and Illinois can switch from PECO or ComEd to a competitive electric generation supplier for their energy needs,
planning to meet Generation’s obligation to supply PECO with all of the energy PECO needs to fulfill its default service obligation and to provide the supply needed to serve Generation’s share of the ComEd load is more difficult than
planning for retail load before the advent of retail competition. Before retail competition, the primary variables affecting projections of load were weather and the economy. With retail competition, another major factor is the ability of retail
customers to switch to competitive electric generation suppliers. If fewer of such customers switch from ComEd or PECO than Generation anticipates, the PECO and/or ComEd load that Generation must serve will be greater than anticipated, which could,
if market prices have increased, increase Generation’s costs (due to its need to go to 

47 

Table of Contents

market to cover its incremental supply obligation) more than the increase in Generation’s revenues. If more of such customers switch than Generation anticipates,
the PECO and /or ComEd load that Generation must serve will be lower than anticipated, which could, if market prices have decreased, caused Generation to lose opportunities in the market. 

Generation may be negatively affected by possible Federal legislative or regulatory actions that
could weaken competition in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules in the RTO markets. 

The criticism of restructured electricity markets, which escalated during 2006 as retail rate freezes expired and prices of electricity increased with rising fuel
prices, is expected to continue in 2008. A number of advocacy groups have urged FERC to reconsider its support of competitive wholesale electricity markets and require the RTOs to revise the rules governing the RTO-administered markets. In
particular, the advocacy groups oppose the RTOs’ use of a “single clearing price” for electricity sold in the RTO markets utilizing locational marginal pricing. FERC convened a series of public conferences during 2007 to address the
issues surrounding electric competition. FERC issued an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANOPR) on Wholesale Competition in Regions with Organized Electric Markets on June 22, 2007. Exelon filed comments on September 14, 2007. On
December 17, 2007, a number of advocacy groups filed comments requesting that the scope of the ANOPR be expanded to address the current structure and practices of the RTO-administered markets, which the advocacy groups contend have led to
unjust and unreasonable rates. The outcome of this FERC rulemaking process could significantly affect Generation’s results of operations. 

In addition, on June 21, 2007, FERC issued a Final Rule on Market-Based Rates for Wholesale Sales of Electric Energy, Capacity and Ancillary Services by Public
Utilities. FERC provided clarification to the Final Rule on December 14, 2007. The Final Rule made a number of changes in FERC’s market-based rate analysis and requires a market power update filing by Generation, ComEd and PECO, which was
made on January 14, 2008. The application of the Final Rule is not currently expected to have a material adverse effect on Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations, although the longer term impact will depend on how FERC
applies the Final Rule as its enforcement of the rule matures with time and experience. 

Generation may not be able to effectively respond to competition in the energy industry. 

Generation’s financial performance depends in part on its ability to respond to competition in the energy industry. As a result of industry restructuring,
numerous generation companies created by the disaggregation of vertically integrated utilities have become active in the wholesale power generation business. In addition, independent power producers have become prevalent in the wholesale power
industry. The new generating facilities of these market entrants may be more efficient than Generation’s facilities. Additionally, the introduction of new technologies could lower prices and have an adverse effect on Generation’s results
of operations or financial condition. 

Generation may not be able to effectively
respond to increased demand for energy. 

Generation’s financial
growth depends in part on its ability to respond to increased demand for energy. As the demand for electricity rises in the future, it may be necessary for the market to increase capacity through the construction of new generating facilities.
Development by Generation of new generating facilities would require the commitment of substantial capital resources, including access to the capital markets. The wholesale markets for electricity and the Illinois and Pennsylvania statutes
contemplate that future generation will be built in those markets at the risk of market participants. Thus, the ability of Generation to recover the costs of and to earn an adequate return on any future investment in generating facilities will be
dependent on its ability to build, finance and efficiently operate facilities that are competitive in those markets. Further, construction of new generating 

48 

Table of Contents

facilities by Generation in markets in which it currently competes would be subject to market concentration tests administered by FERC. If Generation cannot pass these
tests administered by FERC, it could be limited in how it responds to increased demand for energy. 

Nuclear Operations Risks 

Generation’s
financial performance may be negatively affected by liabilities arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities. 

Nuclear capacity factors.
 Capacity factors, particularly nuclear capacity factors, significantly affect Generation’s results of operations.
Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently, to be successful, Generation must consistently
operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase Generation’s operating costs by requiring Generation to generate additional energy from primarily its fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in
the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy Generation’s obligations to ComEd and PECO and other committed third-party sales. These sources generally have higher costs than Generation incurs to generate energy from its nuclear stations.

Nuclear refueling outages.
 Refueling outages are
planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and currently average approximately 24 days in duration for the nuclear plants operated by Generation. The total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, can have a significant
impact on Generation’s results of operations. When refueling outages at wholly and co-owned plants last longer than anticipated or Generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and Generation faces lower margins due to
higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales. Each 24-day outage, depending on the capacity of the station, will decrease the total nuclear annual capacity factor between 0.3% and 0.5%. The number of refueling outages, including the
AmerGen plants and the co-owned plants, was 9 in 2007 with 12 planned for 2008. The projected total non-fuel capital expenditures for the nuclear plants operated by Generation will increase in 2008 compared to 2007 by approximately $62 million as
Generation continues to invest in equipment upgrades to ensure safe reliable operations and as a result of two additional planned refueling outages at nuclear plants operated by Generation in 2008 compared to 2007. Total operating and maintenance
expenditures for the nuclear plants operated by Generation are expected to increase by approximately $99 million in 2008 compared to 2007 as a result of inflationary cost increases as well as the aforementioned two additional planned refueling
outages in 2008 compared to 2007. 

Nuclear fuel
quality

. The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by Generation can affect the efficiency and costs of Generation’s operations. Certain of Generation’s nuclear units have been identified as having a limited number of fuel
performance issues. Remediation actions, including those required to address performance issues, could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation
capabilities. It is difficult to predict the total cost of these remediation procedures. 

Spent nuclear fuel storage. 
The approval of a national repository for the storage of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain, Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will
significantly affect the costs associated with storage of spent nuclear fuel, and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse Generation for these costs. Through the NRC’s “waste confidence” rule, the NRC has determined
that, if necessary, spent fuel generated in any reactor can be stored safely and without significant environmental impacts for at least 30 years beyond the licensed life for operation, which may include the term of a revised or renewed license of
that reactor, at its spent fuel storage basin or at either onsite or offsite independent spent fuel storage installations. Any regulatory action relating to the availability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel may adversely affect
Generation’s ability to fully decommission the nuclear units. 

49 

Table of Contents

Environmental risk. 
If application of the Section 316(b) regulations establishing a national
requirement for reducing the adverse impacts from the entrainment and impingement of aquatic organisms at existing generating stations requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at Oyster Creek, Salem or other Exelon power plants,
this could result in material costs of compliance. In addition, the amount of the costs required to retrofit Oyster Creek may negatively impact Generation’s decision to operate the plant after the 316(b) matter is ultimately resolved.

License renewals.
 Generation cannot assure that economics
will support the continued operation of the facilities for all or any portion of any renewed license. If the NRC does not renew the operating licenses for Generation’s nuclear stations or a station cannot be operated through the end of its
operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates, impairment charges and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates
currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. In addition, Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. 

Should a national policy for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel not be developed, the
unavailability of a repository for spent nuclear fuel could become a consideration by the NRC during future nuclear license renewal proceedings, including applications for new licenses, and may affect Generation’s ability to fully decommission
its nuclear units. 

Regulatory risk

. The NRC may
modify, suspend or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. A change in the Atomic Energy Act
or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial
position. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation, may cause the NRC to initiate such actions. 

Operational risk

. Operations at any of Generation’s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where Generation has to shut down
the plant or operate at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. Generation may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or
returning the plant to full capacity. In either event, Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. For plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation may also incur
liability to the co-owners. For the plant not wholly owned by Generation and operated by others, Salem Units 1 and 2, from which Generation receives its share of the plant’s output, Generation is dependent on the operational performance of the
co-owner operator. 

Nuclear accident risk

. Although
the safety record of nuclear reactors, including Generation’s, generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen problems have occurred both in the United States and elsewhere. The consequences of an accident can be severe and
include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed Generation’s resources, including insurance coverages, and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position.

Nuclear insurance.

 As required by the
Price-Anderson Act, Generation carries the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance (currently $300 million for each operating site). Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection
pool. In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $10.76 billion limit for a single incident. 

50 

Table of Contents

Generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, NEIL, which provides property and business
interruption insurance for Generation’s nuclear operations. In recent years, NEIL has made distributions to its members. Generation’s portion of the NEIL distribution for 2007 was $43 million, which was recorded as a reduction to operating
and maintenance expenses in its Consolidated Statement of Operations. Generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will continue at all. 

Decommissioning.
 NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable
assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. Generation is required to provide to the NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for Generation’s four
retired units) addressing Generation’s ability to meet the NRC-estimated funding levels including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the decommissioning trust funds. The NRC funding levels are based upon the assumption that
decommissioning will commence after the end of current licensed life. 

Forecasting investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. Ultimately, if the investments held by
Generation’s nuclear decommissioning trusts are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of Generation’s nuclear plants, Generation may be required to provide other means of funding its decommissioning obligations. 

Other Operating Risks 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other risk factors associated with the
procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel. 

Generation depends on
nuclear fuel, coal and natural gas to operate its generating facilities. Nuclear fuel is obtained through long-term uranium concentrate inventory and supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services and fuel
fabrication services. Coal is procured for coal-fired plants through annual, short-term and spot-market purchases. Natural gas is procured for gas-fired plants through annual, monthly and spot-market purchases. The supply markets for nuclear fuel,
coal and natural gas are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default that may negatively affect the results of operations for Generation. It is not possible to predict the ultimate cost or availability of these
commodities. 

Financial performance and load requirements may be adversely affected if
Generation is unable to effectively manage its power portfolio. 

A
significant portion of Generation’s power portfolio is used to provide power under a long-term PPA with PECO and supplier forward contracts with ComEd. To the extent portions of the portfolio are not needed for that purpose, Generation’s
output is sold on the wholesale market. To the extent its portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of ComEd and PECO under the related agreements, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Generation’s financial
results may be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of ComEd and PECO, manage its power portfolio and effectively handle the changes in the wholesale power markets. 

Generation is exposed to price fluctuations and other risks of the wholesale power market that are
beyond its control, which may negatively impact its results of operations. 

Generation fulfills its energy commitments from the output of the generating facilities that it owns as well as through buying electricity under long-term and short-term contracts in both the wholesale bilateral and spot markets. The excess
or deficiency of energy owned or controlled by Generation 

51 

Table of Contents

compared to its obligations exposes Generation to the risks of rising and falling prices in those markets, and Generation’s cash flows may vary accordingly.
Generation’s cash flows from generation that are not used to meet its long-term supply commitments, including its commitments to ComEd and PECO, are largely dependent on wholesale prices of electricity and Generation’s ability to
successfully market energy, capacity and ancillary services. 

The
wholesale spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. Many times, the next unit of electricity supplied would be supplied from
generating stations fueled by fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open-market wholesale price of electricity likely reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert natural gas to electricity. Therefore, changes in the
supply and cost of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. 

Credit Risk.
 In the bilateral markets, Generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe Generation money, energy or fuel will not
perform their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Generation might be forced to purchase or sell power in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur
additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. In the spot markets, Generation is exposed to the risks of whatever default mechanisms exist in that market, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all
participants, which may or may not be an effective way of lessening the severity of the risk and the amounts at stake. Generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other
financial difficulties. In addition, the retail businesses subject Generation to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities that serve commercial and industrial companies. Retail credit risk results when customers
default on their contractual obligations. This risk represents the loss that may be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer’s accounts receivable balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the
customer. 

Risk of Credit
Downgrades

.
 Generation’s trading business is required to meet credit quality standards. If Generation were to lose its investment grade credit rating or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards
of trading counterparties, it would be required under trading agreements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. If Generation had lost its investment grade credit
rating as of December 31, 2007, it would have been required to provide approximately $830 million in collateral. 

Immature Markets.

 The wholesale spot markets are evolving markets that vary from region to region and are still developing practices and
procedures. Problems in or the failure of any of these markets, as was experienced in California in 2000, could adversely affect Generation’s business. 

Hedging.
 Power Team buys and sells energy and other products in the wholesale markets and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge
various positions in Generation’s power generation portfolio. The proportion of hedged positions in its power generation portfolio may cause volatility in Generation’s future results of operations. 

Weather

. Generation’s operations are affected by weather,
which affects demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. To the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, Generation may require greater resources to meet its contractual requirements. Extreme
weather conditions or storms may affect the availability of generation and its transmission, limiting Generation’s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. These conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, may have an adverse
effect by causing Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at a time when those markets are weak. 

52 

Table of Contents

Generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading activities.

Power Team’s power marketing, fuel procurement and other
commodity trading activities expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures. These risk limits and risk management
procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of
operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the
calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management decisions may have on its business, operating results or
financial position. 

Generation’s business is capital intensive and the costs of
capital projects may be significant. 

Generation’s business is
capital intensive and requires significant investments in energy generation and in other internal infrastructure projects. For example, Generation is considering building a new nuclear plant in southeast Texas and plans to expend substantial
resources to the evaluation, development and permitting of the project, site acquisition and long-lead procurement; substantial additional resources would be required for the construction of the plant if a decision is made to build. Achieving the
intended benefits of a large capital project of this type is subject to a number of uncertainties. Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected if Generation were unable to effectively manage its capital projects. 

ComEd 

Exelon’s and ComEd’s goodwill may
become impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts. 

Exelon and ComEd both had approximately $2.6 billion of goodwill recorded at December 31, 2007 in connection with the PECO/Unicom merger. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP), goodwill will remain
at its recorded amount unless it is determined to be impaired, which is based upon an annual analysis prescribed by SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” (SFAS No. 142) that compares the implied fair value of the
goodwill to its carrying value. If an impairment occurs, such as the impairments recorded during 2006 and 2005, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written-off and expensed, reducing equity. 

There is a possibility that additional goodwill may be impaired at ComEd, and at
Exelon, in 2008 or later periods. The actual timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables, including changing interest rates, utility sector market performance, ComEd’s
capital structure, market prices for power, results of ComEd’s rate proceedings, operating and capital expenditure requirements and other factors, some not yet known. Such a potential impairment charge could have a material impact on
Exelon’s and ComEd’s operating results but will have no impact to either Exelon’s or ComEd’s cash flows. 

See ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates for
further discussion on goodwill impairments. 

53 

Table of Contents

PECO 

PECO could be subject to higher transmission
operating costs in the future as a result of PJM’s regional transmission expansion plan (RTEP) and the rate design between PJM and MISO. 

In accordance with a FERC order and related settlement, PJM’s RTEP requires the costs of new transmission facilities to be allocated across the entire PJM
footprint and that costs of new facilities less than 500 kV to be allocated to the beneficiaries of the new facilities. FERC stated that PJM’s stakeholders should develop a standard method for allocating costs of new transmission facilities
lower than 500 kV. PECO cannot estimate the longer-term impact on its results of operations and cash flows because of the uncertainties relating to what new facilities will be built and the cost of building those facilities. 

In 2007, PECO and almost all other transmission owners in PJM and the Midwest ISO
(MISO), as directed by a FERC order issued in 2004, filed with FERC to continue the existing transmission rate design between PJM and MISO. Other transmission owners and certain other parties have filed protests urging FERC to reject the filing. On
January 31, 2008, FERC accepted the filing. An additional complaint was filed asking FERC to substitute a rate design that allocates the costs of all existing and new transmission facilities at 345 kV and above across PJM and MISO. On
January 31, 2008, FERC denied the complaint. PECO cannot predict the outcome of any possible requests for rehearing or appeals of these proceedings nor the impact that the ultimate rate design will have on its transmission operating costs.

PECO may be subject to the risk of a legislative or regulatorily mandated requirement
to purchase Philadelphia Gas Works (PGW). 

PGW is a municipal gas
utility owned by the City of Philadelphia that provides service almost exclusively within Philadelphia. A Pennsylvania state legislator submitted legislation to the Pennsylvania General Assembly that would provide the PAPUC with the authority to
investigate PGW’s fitness to provide gas service and, if deemed unfit, to require a qualified public utility to purchase PGW’s gas assets. If such legislation is enacted, PECO, with a natural gas service territory contiguous to and an
electric service territory that includes Philadelphia, could be subject to a proceeding in which efforts are made to require PECO to purchase PGW’s gas assets. While PECO believes that such a forced purchase would be unlawful, such a proceeding
could expose PECO potentially to significant economic and political risk. 

The effect
of higher purchased gas cost charges to customers may decrease PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

Gas rates charged to customers are comprised primarily of purchased natural gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to PECO, and distribution charges,
which provide a return or profit to PECO. Purchased natural gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer’s bill and may be adjusted quarterly, are designed for PECO to recover the cost of the natural gas commodity and pipeline
transportation and storage services that PECO procures to service its customers. PECO’s cash flows can be impacted by differences between the time period when natural gas is purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers. When purchased
natural gas cost charges increase substantially reflecting higher natural gas procurement costs incurred by PECO, customer usage may decrease, resulting in lower distribution charges and lower profit margins for PECO. In addition, increased
purchased natural gas cost charges to customers also may result in increased bad debt expense from an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances. 

54 

Table of Contents

ComEd and PECO 

The following risk factors separately apply to both ComEd and PECO as further noted below. 

Rising rates or the expectation of rising rates can stimulate legislative or regulatory action aimed at restricting or controlling those rate
increases, which can create uncertainty affecting planning, costs and results of operations. 

Large increases in utility rates, such as may follow a period of frozen or capped rates, can generate pressure on legislators and regulators to take steps to
control those rates. Such efforts can include some form of rate increase moderation, reduction or freeze. The public discourse and debate can increase uncertainty associated with the regulatory process, the level of rates and revenues, and the
ability to recover costs. Such uncertainty restricts flexibility and resources, given the need to plan and ensure available financial resources. Such uncertainty also affects the costs of doing business. Such costs may be reflected in reduced
liquidity, as suppliers tighten payment terms, and increased costs of financing, as lenders demand increased compensation or collateral security to accept such risks. 

Legislators or regulators may respond to current or anticipated increases in utility rates by enacting laws or regulations aimed at restricting or
controlling those rates that may adversely affect the utility’s ability to recover its costs, maintain adequate liquidity and address capital requirements. 

Legislators and regulators may focus on immediate forms of rate relief, such as rate increase moderation or freezes and may pursue
initiatives that affect the manner in which utilities procure energy, recover costs or interact with customers. Those measures could include the imposition or continuation of rate caps, rate moderation, installation of smart metering technology,
fees on consumption, and various measures promoting conservation, energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives. Such measures may reduce revenues, increase operating costs and mandate initiatives requiring additional capital investments or
changes in the way utilities conduct business. These initiatives can be accompanied by additional costs for which recovery may not be certain as well as incentives for compliance and penalties for noncompliance. Restrictions affecting rates and
revenues, and the ability to recover costs, could affect liquidity and the ability to maintain reliable delivery systems and make capital improvements. Inadequate cost recovery could lead to lowered credit ratings, reduced access to capital markets,
increased financing costs, lower flexibility due to constrained financial resources, collateral security requirements, and possible bankruptcy. 

Changes in ComEd’s and PECO’s terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated
settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty as to the ultimate result and which may introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes. 

ComEd and PECO are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of
the process of establishing the terms and rates for their respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have
differing concerns but who have the common objective of limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. The proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. Decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional
uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for ComEd or PECO to recover its costs by the time
the rates become effective. Established rates are also subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates can be adjusted, including rates for the procurement of electricity and the recovery of MGP
remediation costs. 

55 

Table of Contents

In certain instances, ComEd and PECO may agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer
initiatives or franchise agreements. These settlements are typically subject to regulatory approval. 

ComEd and PECO cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or the actions by Illinois, Pennsylvania or Federal regulators for establishing rates,
including the extent, if any, to which certain costs will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowed. Nevertheless, the expectation is that ComEd and PECO will continue to be obligated to deliver electricity to customers in their
respective service territories and will also retain significant POLR and default service obligations, in the case of ComEd, for ComEd’s customers with demand of 100kW or less who have not chosen a competitive electric generation supplier and,
for a limited period, for certain customers with higher demands, and, in the case of PECO, for all PECO customers, to provide electricity service to certain groups of customers in its service area who choose to obtain their electricity from the
utility. 

The ultimate outcome of these regulatory actions will have a
significant effect on the ability of ComEd and PECO, as applicable, to recover their costs and could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, lengthy proceedings and time
delays in implementing new rates relative to when costs are actually incurred could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

The impact of not meeting the criteria of Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 71, “Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types
of Regulation” (SFAS No. 71) could be material to ComEd and PECO. 

As of December 31, 2007, Exelon, ComEd and PECO have concluded that the operations of ComEd and PECO meet the criteria of SFAS No. 71. If it is concluded in a future period that a separable portion of their businesses no longer
meets the criteria, Exelon, ComEd, and PECO are required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business, which would include the elimination of any or all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been
recorded in their Consolidated Balance Sheets and the recognition of a one-time extraordinary item in their Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impact of not meeting the criteria of SFAS No. 71 could be material to the financial
statements of Exelon, ComEd and PECO. At December 31, 2007, the extraordinary gain could have been as much as $2.9 billion (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of ComEd’s regulatory assets and liabilities. At December 31,
2007, the extraordinary charge could have been as much as $3.0 billion (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of PECO’s regulatory assets and liabilities. Exelon would record an extraordinary gain or charge in an equal amount related to
ComEd’s and PECO’s regulatory assets and liabilities in addition to a charge against other comprehensive income (before taxes) of up to $1.2 billion and $74 million for ComEd and PECO, respectively, related to Exelon’s regulatory
assets associated with its defined benefit postretirement plans. The impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an additional impairment of ComEd’s goodwill, which would be significant and at least partially offset the
extraordinary gain discussed above. A write-off of regulatory assets and liabilities also could limit the ability of ComEd and PECO to pay dividends under Federal and state law. See Notes 1, 4, 8 and 20 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation, regulatory issues, ComEd’s goodwill and regulatory assets and liabilities, respectively. 

Increases in customer rates and the impact of other economic downturns may lead to a greater amount
of uncollectible customer balances for ComEd and PECO. Future recoverability of any additional uncollectible customer balances is subject to regulatory proceedings. 

ComEd’s customer rates for delivery service and procurement of electricity increased in 2007 with the end of the legislatively mandated
transition and rate freeze period in Illinois. The Settlement 

56 

Table of Contents

Legislation prohibits utilities from terminating electric service to an Illinois residential space-heating customer due to nonpayment between December 1 of any
year through March 1 of the following year. With respect to PECO, its gas rates may change quarterly based on market conditions which may lead to higher prices. Additionally, PECO’s electric rates have increased in recent years as
permitted under the 1998 restructuring settlement and the related PECO/Unicom Merger Settlement Agreements. Due to increased rates, limitations on service termination, and the future collection of deferred balances, ComEd and PECO may experience a
greater amount of uncollectible customer balances. 

Mandatory energy conservation and
RPS legislation could negatively affect the costs and cash flows of ComEd and PECO. 

Federal legislation mandating specific energy conservation measures or changes to existing laws requiring the use of renewable and alternate fuel sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could significantly impact
ComEd and PECO if timely recovery is not allowed. The impact could include increased costs for renewable energy credits and purchased power as well as significant increases in capital expenditures. There is no certainty that ComEd or PECO would be
permitted sufficient or timely recovery of related costs in rates. Furthermore, energy conservation measures could lead to a decline in energy consumption and ultimately the revenues of ComEd and PECO. ComEd and PECO will continue to monitor RPS and
energy conservation developments at the Federal and state levels. 

For
additional information, see ITEM 1. Business “Environmental Regulation—Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards”. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures may be negatively affected by transmission
congestion. 

Demand for electricity within ComEd’s and
PECO’s service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and results of operations. In addition, as with all
utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity could result in PJM or FERC requiring ComEd and PECO to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital expenditures. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s operating costs, and customers’ and regulators’ opinions of
ComEd and PECO, are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery systems. 

Failures of the equipment or facilities used in ComEd’s and PECO’s delivery systems can interrupt the transmission and delivery of electricity and related
revenues and increase repair expenses and capital expenditures. Those failures or those of other utilities, including prolonged or repeated failures, can affect customer satisfaction, the level of regulatory oversight and ComEd’s and
PECO’s maintenance and capital expenditures. Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to
failure of service. Under Illinois law, however, ComEd can be required to pay damages to its customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers. 

The effects of weather and the related impact on electricity and gas usage may decrease ComEd’s
and PECO’s results of operations. 

Temperatures above normal
levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter 

57 

Table of Contents

heating electricity and gas demand and revenues. Moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues. Because of seasonal pricing
differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, ComEd and PECO typically report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year. However, extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms may stress ComEd’s and
PECO’s transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’s ability to meet peak customer demand. These extreme conditions may have detrimental effects on ComEd’s and
PECO’s operations. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s businesses are capital intensive
and the costs of capital projects may be significant. 

ComEd’s
and PECO’s businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in internal infrastructure projects. ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if they are unable to
effectively manage their own respective capital projects, if they are unable to raise the necessary capital, or if they do not receive full recovery of their own respective capital costs through future regulatory proceedings in a timely manner.