Each of the Registrants operates in a market and regulatory environment that poses significant risks, many of which are beyond each Registrant’s
control. Management of each Registrant regularly meets with the Chief Risk Officer and the RMC, which is comprised of officers of the Registrants, to identify and evaluate the most significant risks of the Registrant’s businesses, and the
appropriate steps to manage and mitigate those risks. The Chief Risk Officer and senior executives of the Registrants discuss those risks with the Risk Oversight and Audit Committees of the Exelon Board of Directors and the ComEd and PECO Boards of
Directors. In addition, the Exelon Board of Directors’ Generation Oversight and Energy Delivery Oversight Committees, respectively, evaluate risks related to the generation and energy delivery businesses. The risk factors discussed below may
adversely affect one or more of the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows and the market prices of their publicly-traded securities. Each of the Registrants has disclosed the material risks known to it to affect its business at this
time. However, there may be further risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be material that may in the future adversely affect its performance or financial condition. 

The Registrants’ most significant risks arise as a consequence of:
(1) Generation’s position as a predominantly nuclear generator selling power into competitive wholesale markets, and (2) the role of both ComEd and PECO as operators of electric transmission and distribution systems in two of the
largest metropolitan areas in the United States. The Registrants’ major risks fall primarily under the categories of market and financial risk, regulatory and legislative risk, and operational risk. 

First, Exelon and Generation have exposure to certain market and financial
risks, including the risk of price fluctuations in the wholesale power markets. Wholesale power prices are a function of supply and demand, which in turn are driven by factors such as the price of fuels, and in particular the price of natural gas
and coal, that drive the wholesale market prices that Generation’s nuclear power plants can command, the rate of expansion of subsidized low carbon generation such as wind energy in the markets in which Generation’s output is sold, and the
impacts on energy demand of factors such as weather, economic conditions and implementation of energy efficiency and demand response programs. 

Second, the Registrants face regulatory and legislative risks, including changes to the laws and regulations that govern competitive markets and
utility cost recovery, and that drive environmental policy. In particular, Exelon’s and Generation’s financial performance may be adversely affected by changes that could affect Generation’s ability to sell the power it produces and
sell into the competitive wholesale power markets at market-based prices. In addition, potential legislation regarding climate change and renewable portfolio standards could increase the pace of development of wind energy facilities, which could put
downward pressure in some markets on wholesale market prices for electricity from Generation’s nuclear assets, partially offsetting any additional value Exelon and Generation could hope to derive from Generation’s nuclear assets under a
carbon constrained regulatory regime that might exist in the future. 

Third, the Registrants face a number of operational risks, including those risks inherent in running the nation’s largest fleet of nuclear power reactors and large electric distribution systems. The safe and effective operation of the
nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage its associated decommissioning obligations as well as the ability to maintain the availability, reliability and safety of its energy delivery systems are fundamental to Exelon’s ability
to protect and grow shareholder value. 

Finally, the
operating costs of ComEd and PECO and the opinions of customers and regulators of ComEd and PECO are affected by those companies’ ability to maintain the availability, reliability and safety of their energy delivery systems. A discussion of
each of these risks and other risk factors is included below. 

29 

Table of Contents

Market and Financial Risks 

Generation is exposed to price fluctuations in the wholesale power market, which may negatively impact its results of operations.
(Exelon and Generation) 

Generation fulfills its energy
supply commitments from the output of the generating facilities that it owns as well as through buying electricity under long-term and short-term contracts in both the wholesale bilateral and spot markets. The excess or deficiency of energy owned or
controlled by Generation compared to its obligations exposes Generation to the risks of rising and falling prices in those markets, and Generation’s cash flows may vary accordingly. Generation’s cash flows from generation that is not used
to meet Generation’s long-term supply commitments are largely dependent on wholesale prices of electricity and Generation’s ability to successfully market energy, capacity and ancillary services. 

The wholesale spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally
determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. Many times, the next unit of electricity will be supplied from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels. Consequently, the open-market wholesale price
of electricity likely reflects the cost of fossil fuels plus the cost to convert to electricity. Therefore, changes in the supply and cost of fossil fuels generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. In the event that alternative
generation resources, such as wind and solar, are mandated through RPS or otherwise subsidized or encouraged through climate legislation and added to the supply, they could displace a higher cost fossil plant, which could reduce the price at which
market participants sell their electricity. This could then reduce the market price at which all generators in that region, including Generation, would sell their output. 

The market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity. Economic conditions, weather, and increases
in energy efficiency and demand response can impact demand and prevent higher-cost generating resources from being called upon, effectively lowering the market price received for electricity. 

The continued sluggish economy in the United States has led to reduced
demand for electricity and lower prices for electricity and other commodities, which will adversely affect the Registrants’ financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. This could adversely affect the Registrants’ ability to
pay dividends or fund other discretionary uses of cash such as growth projects. The weak world economy reduced the international demand for coal, oil and natural gas, and led to sharply lower fossil fuel prices putting downward pressure on
electricity prices. The use of new technologies to recover natural gas from shale deposits is expected to increase natural gas supply and reserves, which will tend to place further downward pressure on natural gas prices and could reduce
Generation’s revenues. A slow recovery of the economy could result in a prolonged depression of or further decline in commodity prices, which could adversely affect Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations, cash flows and
financial position. 

In addition to price fluctuations, Generation is
exposed to other risks of the wholesale power market that are beyond its control, which may negatively impact its results of operations. (Exelon and Generation) 

Credit Risk.
 In the bilateral markets, Generation is exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe
Generation money, or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from Generation will not perform their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, Generation might be forced
to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. In the spot markets, Generation is exposed to the risks of
whatever default mechanisms exist in that market, some of which attempt to spread the risk across all

30 

Table of Contents

Market and Financial Risks Continued 

participants, which may or may not be an effective way of lessening the severity of the risk and the amounts at stake. Generation is also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector
that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. In addition, the retail businesses subject Generation to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities that serve commercial and industrial
companies. Retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. This risk represents the loss that may be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer’s account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of
energy previously committed to serve the customer. 

Unstable Markets.
 The wholesale spot markets are evolving markets that vary from region to region and are still developing practices and procedures. Problems in or the failure of any of these markets could adversely affect
Generation’s business. In addition, a significant decrease in market participation could affect market liquidity and have a detrimental effect on market stability. 

Market performance and other economic factors may decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets or increase the related
obligations, which then could require significant additional funding. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy may adversely affect the
value of the investments held within Exelon’s employee benefit plan trusts and Generation’s NDTs. The Registrants have significant obligations in these areas and Exelon and Generation hold substantial assets in these trusts. The asset
values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below the Registrants’ projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the NDT fund investments may increase the funding requirements to
decommission Generation’s nuclear plants. A decline in the market value of the pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets will increase the funding requirements associated with Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefit
plans. Additionally, Exelon’s pension and other postretirement benefit plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding
requirements. Changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
Also, if future increases in pension and other postretirement costs as a result of reduced plan assets or other factors are not recoverable from ComEd and PECO customers, the results of operations and financial positions of ComEd and PECO could be
negatively affected. Ultimately, if the Registrants are unable to successfully manage the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets and obligations, their results of operations and financial positions could be negatively affected.

Disruptions in the capital and credit markets and increased volatility
in commodity markets may adversely affect the Registrants’ businesses in several ways, including the availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements, the Registrants’ ability to meet long-term commitments,
Generation’s ability to hedge effectively its generation portfolio, and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets; each could adversely affect the Registrants’ financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. (Exelon,
Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants rely on
the capital markets, particularly for publicly-offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from the Registrants’
respective operations. Further disruptions in the capital and credit markets, or further deterioration of the banks’ financial condition could adversely affect the Registrants’ ability to draw on their respective bank revolving credit
facilities. The Registrants’ access to funds under those credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that

31 

Table of Contents

Market and Financial Risks Continued 

are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to the Registrants if they experience shortages of capital and
liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from the Registrants and other borrowers within a short period of time. Longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or
increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, changes to Generation’s hedging strategy to reduce collateral-posting requirements,
or a reduction in dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. 

The strength and depth of competition in competitive energy markets depends heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital and credit
markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that may affect participants in commodities transactions. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity
and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to the respective businesses of the Registrants. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or
attempts to replace those market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts such as the financial swap contract between Generation and ComEd as described further in Note 2 of the Combined
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which could have a material adverse effect on Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations and cash flows. 

If the Registrants were to experience a downgrade in their credit ratings below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the
credit standards of trading counterparties, they would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral under their agreements with counterparties and could experience higher borrowing costs. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO)

Generation’s trading business is subject to
credit quality standards that may require market participants to post collateral for their obligations. If Generation were to be downgraded or lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating) or otherwise fail to
satisfy the credit standards of trading counterparties, it would be required under trading agreements to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. The amount of
collateral required to be provided by Generation at any point in time is dependent on a variety of factors, including (1) the notional amount of trading positions, (2) the nature of counterparty and related agreements, and (3) changes
in power or other commodity prices. In addition, if Generation were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. Generation could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies
concludes that the level of business or financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the power generation industry or Generation has deteriorated. Changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on the
ratings of Generation. 

ComEd’s financial swap contract
with Generation and its operating agreement with PJM contain collateral provisions that are affected by its credit rating and market prices. If certain wholesale market conditions exist and ComEd were to lose its investment grade credit rating
(based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be required under the financial swap contract with Generation to provide collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity.
Collateral posting by ComEd under the financial swap will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. Conversely, collateral requirements under the PJM operating agreement will generally increase as
market prices rise and decrease as market prices fall. Given the relationship to market prices, contract collateral requirements can be volatile. In addition, if ComEd were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the
downgrade. 

32 

Table of Contents

Market and Financial Risks Continued 

PECO’s operating agreement with PJM and its natural gas procurement contracts contain
collateral provisions that are affected by its credit rating. If certain wholesale market conditions exist and PECO were to lose its investment grade credit rating (based on its senior unsecured debt rating), it would be required to provide
collateral in the form of letters of credit or cash, which may have a material adverse effect upon its liquidity. PECO’s collateral requirements relating to its natural gas supply contracts are a function of market prices. Collateral posting
requirements for PECO with respect to these contracts will generally increase as forward market prices fall and decrease as forward market prices rise. Given the relationship to forward market prices, contract collateral requirements can be
volatile. In addition, if PECO were downgraded, it could experience higher borrowing costs as a result of the downgrade. 

Either or both ComEd and PECO could experience a downgrade in its ratings if any of the credit rating agencies concludes that the level of business or
financial risk and overall creditworthiness of the utility industry in general or ComEd or PECO in particular has deteriorated. ComEd or PECO could experience a downgrade if the current supportive regulatory environment in Illinois or Pennsylvania
becomes less predictable by materially lowering returns for utilities in the state or adopting other measures to manage higher electricity prices. Additionally, the ratings for ComEd or PECO could be downgraded if either company’s financial
results are weakened from current levels due to weaker operating performance or due to a failure to properly manage its capital structure. In addition, changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on the ratings
of ComEd or PECO. 

ComEd and PECO conduct their respective
businesses and operate under governance models and other arrangements and procedures intended to assure that ComEd and PECO are treated as separate, independent companies, distinct from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in order to isolate ComEd
and PECO from Exelon and other Exelon subsidiaries in the event of financial difficulty at Exelon or another Exelon subsidiary. These measures (commonly referred to as “ringfencing”) may help avoid or limit a downgrade in the credit
ratings of ComEd and PECO in the event of a reduction in the credit rating of Exelon. Despite these ringfencing measures, the credit ratings of ComEd and PECO could remain linked, to some degree, to the credit ratings of Exelon. Consequently, a
reduction in the credit rating of Exelon could result in a reduction of the credit rating of ComEd or PECO, or both. A reduction in the credit rating of ComEd or PECO could have a material adverse effect on ComEd or PECO, respectively. 

See Liquidity and Capital Resources—Recent Market Conditions and
Security Ratings for further information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on the Registrants’ cash flows. 

Results of operations may be negatively affected by increasing costs. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Inflation affects the Registrants through increased operating costs and
increased capital costs for plant and equipment. In addition, the Registrants face rising medical benefit costs, including the current costs for active and retired employees. These medical benefit costs are increasing at a rate that is significantly
greater than the rate of general inflation. Additionally, it is possible that these costs may increase at a rate that is higher than anticipated by the Registrants. If the Registrants are unable to successfully manage their medical benefit costs,
pension costs, or other increasing costs, their results of operations could be negatively affected. 

33 

Table of Contents

Market and Financial Risks Continued 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by price volatility, availability and other
 associated with the procurement of nuclear and fossil fuel. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation depends on nuclear fuel, coal, natural gas and oil to operate its generating facilities. Nuclear fuel is obtained predominantly through
long-term uranium concentrate supply contracts, contracted conversion services, contracted enrichment services and contracted fuel fabrication services. Coal, natural gas and oil are procured for generating plants through annual, short-term and
spot-market purchases. The supply markets for nuclear fuel, coal, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions and counterparty default that may negatively affect the results of operations for Generation. It is
not possible to accurately predict the future cost or availability of these commodities. 

Generation’s risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with its commodity trading activities. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation’s asset-based power position as well as its power
marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose Generation to risks of commodity price movements. Generation attempts to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management procedures.
These risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when its policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates
of future performance, results of operations may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future prices and demand for power and other energy-related commodities, become more
difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, Generation cannot predict the impact that its commodity trading activities and risk management decisions may have on its
business, operating results or financial position. 

Power
Team buys and sells energy and other products in the wholesale markets and enters into financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in Generation’s power generation portfolio. The proportion of hedged positions in its power
generation portfolio may cause volatility in Generation’s future results of operations. 

Generation may not be able to effectively respond to increased demand for energy. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation’s financial growth may depend in part on its ability to respond to increased demand for energy. If demand for electricity rises in the
future, it may be necessary for the market to increase capacity through the construction of new generating facilities. Development by Generation of new generating facilities would require the commitment of substantial capital resources, including
access to the capital markets. The wholesale markets for electricity and certain states’ statutes contemplate that future generation will be built in those markets at the risk of market participants. Thus, the ability of Generation to recover
the costs of and to earn an adequate return on any future investment in generating facilities will be dependent on its ability to build, finance and efficiently operate facilities that are competitive in those markets. Additionally, construction of
new generating facilities by Generation in markets in which it currently competes would be subject to market concentration tests administered by FERC. If Generation cannot pass these tests administered by FERC, it could be limited in how it responds
to increased demand for energy. 

34 

Table of Contents

Market and Financial Risks Continued 

Financial performance and load requirements may be adversely affected if Generation is unable to effectively
manage its power portfolio. (Exelon and Generation) 

A
significant portion of Generation’s power portfolio is used to provide power under a long-term PPA with PECO and procurement contracts with ComEd and other customers. To the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that
purpose, Generation’s output is sold in the wholesale market. To the extent its power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of its customers under the related agreements, Generation must purchase power in the wholesale power
markets. Generation’s financial results may be negatively affected if it is unable to cost-effectively meet the load requirements of its customers, manage its power portfolio and effectively handle the changes in the wholesale power markets.

Challenges to tax positions taken by the Registrants as well as tax law
changes and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions, could negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations and cash flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

1999 sale of fossil generating assets.
 The IRS has
challenged Exelon’s 1999 tax position on an involuntary conversion and like-kind exchange transaction. If the IRS is successful in its challenge, it would accelerate future income tax payments and increase interest expense related to the
deferred tax gain that would become currently payable. As of December 31, 2009, Exelon’s and ComEd’s potential cash outflow, including tax and interest (after tax), could be as much as $1.1 billion excluding penalties. If the
deferral were successfully challenged by the IRS, it could also negatively affect Exelon’s and ComEd’s results of operations by up to $300 million (after tax) related to interest expense. In addition to attempting to impose tax on the
above transactions, the IRS has asserted penalties for a substantial understatement of tax, which could result in an after-tax charge of $196 million to Exelon’s and ComEd’s results of operations should the IRS prevail in asserting the
penalties. The timing effects of the final resolution of this matter are unknown. See Note 10 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Tax reserves and the recoverability of deferred tax assets.
 The Registrants are required to make judgments
in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeals issues related to these tax matters. These judgments include reserves for
potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that may be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. The Registrants also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for
which the benefits have already been reflected, and tax credits. See Notes 1 and 10 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Increases in customer rates and the impact of economic downturns may lead to greater expense for uncollectible customer balances. Additionally,
increasing rates could lead to decreased volumes delivered. Both of these factors may decrease ComEd’s and PECO’s results from operations and cash flows. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

ComEd’s current procurement plan includes purchasing power through
contracted suppliers and the spot market. Purchased power prices fluctuate based on the supply and demand for electricity, which could lead to higher customer bills and potentially additional uncollectible accounts expense. 

The cost of PECO’s purchased power, which is provided by Generation
through a PPA, is capped as part of the transition period through 2010. For service following the end of PECO’s transition period, PECO will purchase power on the open market, with no return or profit to PECO, which may significantly increase
the cost of power PECO procures and in turn increase costs to the customer. The increase in rates could cause customer usage to decrease, resulting in lower transmission and distribution revenues and lower profit margins for PECO. 

35 

Table of Contents

Market and Financial Risks Continued 

Gas rates charged to PECO customers are comprised primarily of purchased natural gas cost charges,
which provide no return or profit to PECO, and distribution charges, which provide a return or profit to PECO. Purchased natural gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer’s bill and may be adjusted quarterly, are designed for PECO to
recover the cost of the natural gas commodity and pipeline transportation and storage services that PECO procures to service its customers. Gas rates may change quarterly based on market conditions, which may lead to higher prices and potentially
additional uncollectible accounts expense. PECO’s cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when natural gas is purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers. If purchased natural gas cost charges increase
substantially reflecting higher natural gas procurement costs incurred by PECO, customer usage may decrease, resulting in lower distribution charges and lower profit margins for PECO. 

In addition to increased purchased power for ComEd and PECO customers and purchased natural gas costs for PECO customers,
economic downturns and the related limitations on service termination may result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances, which would negatively impact ComEd’s and PECO’s results from operations and cash flows.

In accordance with PAPUC regulations, after
November 30 of any year and before April 1 of the following year, an electric distribution utility or natural gas distribution utility cannot terminate service to customers with household incomes at or below 250% of the Federal poverty
level. As a result, PECO may be delayed in stopping service to customers who are delinquent in their bills, which increases PECO’s uncollectible accounts expense. 

The Illinois Settlement Legislation prohibits utilities from terminating electric service to an Illinois residential space-heating
customer due to nonpayment, extending from December 1 of any year through March 1 of the following year. ComEd’s ability to disconnect non space-heating residential customers is also affected by certain weather restrictions, at any
time of year, under the Illinois Public Utilities Act. As a result, ComEd may be delayed in stopping service to customers who are delinquent in their bills, which could increase ComEd’s uncollectible accounts expense. 

The effects of weather may impact the Registrants’ results of operations and cash
flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase summer cooling electricity demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase winter heating electricity and gas demand and revenues.
Moderate temperatures adversely affect the usage of energy and resulting revenues. Extreme weather conditions or damage resulting from storms may stress ComEd’s and PECO’s transmission and distribution systems, resulting in increased
maintenance and capital costs and limiting each company’s ability to meet peak customer demand. These extreme conditions may have detrimental effects on ComEd’s and PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. 

Generation’s operations are also affected by weather, which affects
demand for electricity as well as operating conditions. To the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, Generation may require greater resources to meet its contractual commitments. Extreme weather conditions
or storms may affect the availability of generation and its transmission, limiting Generation’s ability to source or send power to where it is sold. In addition, drought-like conditions can impact Generation’s ability to run certain
generating assets at full capacity. These conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, may have an adverse effect by causing Generation to seek additional capacity at a time when wholesale markets are tight or to seek to sell excess capacity at
a time when those markets are weak. 

36 

Table of Contents

Market and Financial Risks Continued 

Certain long-lived assets recorded on the Registrants’ statements of financial position may become
impaired, which would result in write-offs of the impaired amounts. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used for impairment whenever indications of impairment exist. The
carrying value of a long-lived asset is considered impaired when the carry value is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. The carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected
to result from its use and eventual disposition. In the event that a long-lived asset is impaired, a loss would be recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Fair value is determined primarily by available
market valuations or, if applicable, future discounted estimated cash flows or other valuation methods. Factors such as the business climate, including current energy and market conditions, and the condition of assets are considered when evaluating
long-lived assets for impairment. An impairment would require Generation to reduce the long-lived asset through a charge to expense by the amount of the impairment, and such an impairment could have a material adverse impact on Exelon’s and
Generation’s results of operations. 

Exelon and ComEd
both had approximately $2.6 billion of goodwill recorded at December 31, 2009 in connection with the merger between PECO and Unicom Corporation, the former parent company of ComEd. Under GAAP, goodwill will remain at its recorded amount unless
it is determined to be impaired, which is generally based upon an annual analysis that compares the implied fair value of the goodwill to its carrying value. If an impairment occurs, the amount of the impaired goodwill will be written-off and
expensed, reducing equity. 

The actual timing and amounts of
any goodwill impairments will depend on many sensitive, interrelated and uncertain variables, including changing interest rates, utility sector market performance, ComEd’s capital structure, results of ComEd’s rate proceedings, operating
and capital expenditure requirements and other factors, some not yet known. Such a potential impairment would be a noncash charge, which could have a material impact on Exelon’s and ComEd’s operating results. 

See ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operation—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates and Note 6 of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on goodwill impairments. 

The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive and the costs of capital
projects may be significant. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants’ businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in energy generation and in other internal infrastructure projects. The Registrants’ results of operations could be
adversely affected if they were unable to effectively manage their capital projects or raise the necessary capital. See Item 1 of this Form 10-K for further information regarding the Registrants’ potential future capital expenditures.

Exelon and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third
parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants have issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate Exelon and its subsidiaries to perform in the event that
the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by the third parties, the Registrants could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. Such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the
operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the Registrants. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

37 

Table of Contents

Due to its dependence on its two most significant customers, ComEd and PECO, Generation will be negatively affected
in the event of non-performance or change in the creditworthiness of either of its most significant customers. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation currently provides power under procurement contracts with ComEd for a significant portion of ComEd’s electricity supply requirements
and a PPA with PECO to meet 100% of PECO’s electricity supply requirements through 2010. In addition, Generation entered into a financial swap contract with ComEd, effective August 2007, to hedge a portion of ComEd’s electricity supply
requirements through May 2013. Consequently, Generation is highly dependent on ComEd’s and PECO’s continued payments under these procurement contracts and the PPA and would be adversely affected by negative events affecting these
agreements, including the non-performance or a significant change in the creditworthiness of either ComEd or PECO. A default by ComEd or PECO under these agreements would have an adverse effect on Generation’s results of operations and
financial position. 

Generation’s business may be negatively
affected by competitive electric generation suppliers. (Exelon and Generation) 

Because retail customers in both Illinois and Pennsylvania can switch from ComEd or PECO to a competitive electric generation supplier for their energy needs, planning to meet Generation’s obligation to
provide the supply needed to serve Generation’s share of the ComEd load and to supply PECO with all of the energy PECO needs to fulfill its default service obligation is more difficult than planning for retail load before the advent of retail
competition. Before retail competition, the primary variables affecting projections of load were weather and the economy. With retail competition, another major factor is the ability of retail customers to switch to competitive electric generation
suppliers. If fewer of such customers switch from ComEd or PECO than Generation anticipates, the ComEd and/or PECO load that Generation must serve will be greater than anticipated, which could, if market prices have increased, increase
Generation’s costs (due to its need to go to market to cover its incremental supply obligation) more than the increase in Generation’s revenues. If more of such customers switch than Generation anticipates, the ComEd and/or PECO load that
Generation must serve will be lower than anticipated, which could, if market prices have decreased, cause Generation to lose opportunities in the market. 

Regulatory and Legislative Risks 

The Registrants’ generation and energy delivery businesses are highly regulated and could be subject to adverse legislative actions. Fundamental changes in
regulation or legislation could disrupt the Registrants’ business plans and adversely affect their operations and financial results. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Substantially all aspects of the businesses of the Registrants are subject to comprehensive Federal or state regulation.
Further, Exelon’s and Generation’s operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent upon the ability of Generation to sell power at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates, and Exelon’s,
ComEd’s and PECO’s operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent on their ability to recover their costs for purchased power and their costs of distribution of power to their customers. In their business planning and in the
management of their operations, the Registrants must address the effects of regulation of their businesses and changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by Federal and state legislatures, RTOs, ratemaking jurisdictions and taxing
authorities. Fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions impacting the Registrants’ businesses would require changes in their business planning models and operations and could adversely affect their operating
results, cash flows and the value of their assets. 

Legislative and regulatory developments related to climate change and RPS may also significantly affect Exelon’s and Generation’s operating results, cash flows and the value of their assets. Various

38 

Table of Contents

Regulatory and Legislative Risks Continued 

proposals for climate legislation and GHG regulation, if enacted into law, could result in increased costs to entities that generate electricity through carbon-emitting fossil fuels, which could
increase the market price at which all generators in that region, including Generation, may sell their output, thereby increasing the revenue Generation could realize from its low-carbon nuclear assets. However, legislation regarding climate change
and RPS could also increase the pace of development of wind energy facilities in the Midwest, which could put downward pressure on wholesale market prices for electricity from Generation’s Midwest nuclear assets, partially offsetting any
additional value Exelon and Generation could hope to derive from Generation’s nuclear assets under a carbon constrained regulatory regime that might exist in the future. The Registrants cannot predict when or whether any of these various
legislative and regulatory proposals may become law or what their effect will be on the Registrants. 

Generation may be negatively affected by possible Federal legislative or regulatory actions that could affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets. (Exelon and Generation) 

Federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies are facing pressures
to address consumer concerns that energy prices in wholesale markets exceed the marginal cost of operating nuclear plants, claims that this difference is evidence that the competitive model is not working, and resulting calls for some form of
re-regulation, the elimination of marginal pricing, the imposition of a generation tax, or some other means of reducing the earnings of Generation and its competitors. As the energy markets continue to mature, a low number of wholesale market power
participants entering procurement proceedings may also influence how certain regulators and legislators view the effectiveness of these competitive markets. 

The criticism of restructured electricity markets, which has escalated in recent years as retail rate freezes expired and prices of electricity
increased with rising fuel prices, is expected to continue in 2010. A number of advocacy groups have urged FERC to reconsider its support of competitive wholesale electricity markets and require the RTOs to revise the rules governing the
RTO-administered markets. Generation is dependent on wholesale energy markets and open transmission access and rights by which Generation delivers power to its wholesale customers, including ComEd and PECO. Generation uses the wholesale regional
energy markets to sell power that Generation does not need to satisfy its long-term contractual obligations, and to purchase power to meet obligations not provided by its own resources. These wholesale markets allow Generation to take advantage of
market price opportunities but also expose Generation to market risk. 

Wholesale markets have only been implemented in certain areas of the country and each market has unique features, which may create trading barriers between the markets. Approximately 80% of Generation’s
generating resources, which include directly-owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are located in the region encompassed by PJM. Generation’s future results of operations will depend on (1) FERC’s continued
adherence to and support for policies that favor the development of competitive wholesale power markets, such as the PJM market, and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect the
competitiveness of the PJM market, such as, for example, withdrawal of significant participants from the regional wholesale markets. Generation could also be adversely affected by efforts of state legislatures and regulatory authorities to respond
to the concerns of consumers or others about the costs of energy that are reflected through wholesale markets. 

In particular, the advocacy groups oppose the RTOs’ use of a “single clearing price” for electricity sold in the RTO markets utilizing
locational marginal pricing. FERC conducted conferences which led to a rulemaking on Wholesale Competition in Regions with Organized Electric Markets. On October 17,

39 

Table of Contents

Regulatory and Legislative Risks Continued 

2008, FERC issued a Final Rule, Order No. 719, to improve the operation of organized wholesale electric markets in the areas of (1) demand response and market pricing during periods of
operating reserve shortage; (2) long-term power contracting; (3) market-monitoring policies; and (4) the responsiveness of RTOs and ISOs. A number of entities have filed requests for rehearing with FERC. The outcome of this FERC
rulemaking process could significantly affect Generation’s results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

In addition, on June 21, 2007, FERC issued a Final Rule on Market-Based Rates for Wholesale Sales of Electric Energy, Capacity and Ancillary
Services by Public Utilities. FERC provided clarification to the Final Rule on December 14, 2007. The Final Rule made a number of changes in FERC’s market-based rate analysis and required several market power update filings by Generation,
ComEd and PECO, the first of which was made on January 14, 2008. As discussed in more detail in Note 2 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, during 2009, FERC issued three orders accepting Exelon’s filings, and
therefore affirmed that Exelon’s affiliates with market-based rates can continue to make market-based sales. Accordingly, the application of the Final Rule has not had and is not currently expected to have a material adverse effect on
Exelon’s and Generation’s results of operations, although the longer term impact will depend on how FERC applies the Final Rule as its enforcement of the rule matures with time and experience. 

Currently, legislation under consideration in Congress and rulemakings
under consideration by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission would require over-the-counter derivative products to be moved to exchanges or be centrally cleared. Power Team currently has substantial unsecured credit with various counterparties
available for over-the-counter derivative transactions that could require Generation, or its counterparties, to post additional collateral if they were moved to an exchange or centrally cleared. These rule changes could reduce overall market
liquidity and participation, which is a threat to the competitive market model. In addition, these changes could significantly affect Generation’s cash flows. 

Generation’s affiliation with ComEd and PECO, together with the presence of a substantial percentage of Generation’s
physical asset base within the ComEd and PECO service territories, could increase Generation’s cost of doing business to the extent future complaints or challenges regarding ComEd and/or PECO retail rates result in settlements or legislative or
regulatory requirements funded in part by Generation. (Exelon and Generation) 

Generation has significant generating resources within the service areas of ComEd and PECO and makes significant sales to each of them. Those facts tend to cause Generation to be directly affected by developments
in those markets. Government officials, legislators and advocacy groups are aware of Generation’s affiliation with ComEd and PECO and its sales to each of them. In periods of rising utility rates, particularly when driven by increased costs of
energy production and supply, those officials and advocacy groups may question or challenge costs incurred by ComEd or PECO, including transactions between Generation, on the one hand, and ComEd or PECO, on the other hand, regardless of any previous
regulatory processes or approvals underlying those transactions. The prospect of such challenges may increase the time, complexity and cost of the associated regulatory proceedings, and the occurrence of such challenges may subject Generation to a
level of scrutiny not faced by other unaffiliated competitors in those markets. In addition, government officials and legislators may seek ways to force Generation to contribute to efforts to mitigate potential or actual rate increases, through
measures such as generation-based taxes and contributions to rate-relief packages. 

40 

Table of Contents

Regulatory and Legislative Risks Continued 

Legislators or regulators may respond to anticipated increases in rates following the end of the retail electric generation rate cap
transition period in Pennsylvania on December 31, 2010 by enacting laws or regulations aimed at restricting or controlling those rates or by establishing rate relief programs that could require significant funding from PECO and/or Generation
that could adversely affect PECO and/or Generation’s results of operations. (Exelon, Generation and PECO) 

In Pennsylvania, there has been some continuing interest from legislators and regulators in mitigating the potential impact of electric generation
price increases on customers when rate caps expire. Although Act 129 provides guidelines associated with electricity procurement that support competitive, market-based procurement, elected officials have suggested rate-cap extensions, a generation
tax and contributions of value by Pennsylvania utility companies toward rate-relief programs. PECO and Generation cannot predict whether any of these measures will become law or whether elected officials or regulators might take action that could
have a material impact on the procurement process. If the price that PECO is allowed to bill to customers for electricity is below PECO’s cost to procure and deliver electricity, PECO expects that it will suffer adverse consequences, which
could be material. 

The Illinois Settlement Legislation enacted in 2007
providing rate relief to Illinois electric customers and requiring other changes in the electric industry in lieu of harmful alternatives such as rate freezes, caps, or a tax on generation, could be reversed or modified by new legislation that could
be harmful to ComEd and Generation. (Exelon, Generation and ComEd) 

The Illinois Settlement Legislation enacted in 2007 reflects the Illinois Settlement reached by ComEd, Generation, and other utilities and generators in Illinois with various parties concluding discussions of
measures to address higher electric bills experienced in Illinois since the end of the legislatively mandated transition and rate freeze at the end of 2006. The Illinois Settlement Legislation addressed those concerns without implementing a rate
freeze, generation tax, or other alternative measures that Exelon believes would have been harmful to consumers of electricity, electric utilities, generators of electricity and the State of Illinois. For more information regarding potential risks
associated with such legislation, see “Illinois Settlement Agreement” and “Retail Electric Services” in ITEM 1 of this Form 10-K. Although the Illinois Settlement Legislation allows the contributors to the rate relief to
terminate their funding commitments and recover any undisbursed funds set aside for rate relief in the event that, prior to August 1, 2011, the Illinois General Assembly passes legislation that freezes or reduces electric rates of or imposes a
generation tax on parties to the Illinois Settlement, there is no guarantee that such legislation will not be passed and enacted in Illinois. The experience in Illinois in 2007 suggests a risk that the Illinois General Assembly may threaten extreme
measures again in the future in an attempt to force electric utilities and generators to make further concessions. Such legislation, if enacted, could have a material adverse effect on ComEd and Generation’s results of operations, financial
position, and cash flows. 

The Registrants may incur substantial costs to
fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The businesses in which the Registrants operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state and Federal authorities. These laws
and regulations affect the manner in which the Registrants conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. These regulations affect how the Registrants handle air and water emissions and solid waste disposal and are an important aspect of
their operations. Violations of these emission and disposal requirements can subject the Registrants to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to
achieve compliance, remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties’ claims for alleged health or property damages. In addition, the Registrants are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of
remediation of environmental contamination of

41 

Table of Contents

Regulatory and Legislative Risks Continued 

property now or formerly owned by the Registrants and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. The Registrants have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related
to environmental compliance, site remediation and clean-up. Remediation activities associated with MGP operations conducted by predecessor companies will be one component of such costs. Also, the Registrants are currently involved in a number of
proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. 

If application of the Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act regulations establishing a national requirement for reducing the adverse impacts to
aquatic organisms at existing generating stations requires the retrofitting of cooling water intake structures at Oyster Creek, Salem or other Exelon power plants, this could result in material costs of compliance. The amount of the costs required
to retrofit Oyster Creek may also negatively impact Generation’s decision to operate the plant after the Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act matter is ultimately resolved. Additionally, Generation is subject to exposure for
asbestos-related personal injury liability alleged at certain current and formerly owned generation facilities. Future legislative action could require Generation to make a material contribution to a fund to settle lawsuits for alleged
asbestos-related disease and exposure. 

In some cases, a
third party who has acquired assets from a Registrant has assumed the liability the Registrant may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. If the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability, a regulatory
authority or injured person could attempt to hold the Registrant responsible, and the Registrant’s remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee. See Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional information. 

Changes in ComEd’s
and PECO’s terms and conditions of service, including their respective rates, are subject to regulatory approval proceedings and/or negotiated settlements that are at times contentious, lengthy and subject to appeal, which lead to uncertainty
as to the ultimate result and which may introduce time delays in effectuating rate changes. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

ComEd and PECO are required to engage in regulatory approval proceedings as a part of the process of establishing the terms and rates for their
respective services. These proceedings typically involve multiple parties, including governmental bodies and officials, consumer advocacy groups and various consumers of energy, who have differing concerns but who have the common objective of
limiting rate increases or even reducing rates. The proceedings generally have timelines that may not be limited by statute. Decisions are subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with the approval proceedings. The
potential duration of such proceedings creates a risk that rates ultimately approved by the applicable regulatory body may not be sufficient for ComEd or PECO to recover its costs by the time the rates become effective. Established rates are also
subject to subsequent prudency reviews by state regulators, whereby various portions of rates can be adjusted, including rates for the procurement of electricity or gas and the recovery of costs related to MGP remediation, smart grid infrastructure,
and energy efficiency and demand response programs. 

In
certain instances, ComEd and PECO may agree to negotiated settlements related to various rate matters, customer initiatives or franchise agreements. These settlements are typically subject to regulatory approval. 

ComEd and PECO cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of any settlements or
the actions by Illinois, Pennsylvania or Federal regulators for establishing rates, including the extent, if any, to which certain costs such as significant capital projects will be recovered or what rates of return will be allowed. Nevertheless,
the expectation is that ComEd and PECO will continue to be obligated to

42 

Table of Contents

Regulatory and Legislative Risks Continued 

deliver electricity to customers in their respective service territories and will also retain significant POLR and default service obligations to provide electricity service to certain groups of
customers in its service area who choose to obtain their electricity from the utility. 

The ultimate outcome of these regulatory actions will have a significant effect on the ability of ComEd and PECO, as applicable, to recover their costs and could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s and
PECO’s results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, lengthy proceedings and time delays in implementing new rates relative to when costs are actually incurred could have a material adverse effect on ComEd’s and PECO’s results
of operations and cash flows. 

Federal or additional state RPS and/or
energy conservation legislation along with energy conservation by customers could negatively affect the results of operations and cash flows of ComEd and PECO. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

Changes to current state legislation or the development of Federal
legislation that requires the use of renewable and alternate fuel sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, could significantly impact ComEd and PECO, especially if timely cost recovery is not allowed. The impact could include increased
costs for RECs and purchased power. 

Federal and state
legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs that require the implementation of new technologies, such as smart meters and smart grid, will increase capital expenditures and could significantly impact ComEd and PECO if
timely cost recovery is not allowed. Furthermore, regulated energy consumption reduction targets and declines in customer energy consumption resulting from the implementation of new energy conservation technologies could lead to a decline in the
revenues of Exelon, ComEd and PECO. For additional information, see ITEM 1. Business “Environmental Regulation-Renewable and Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards”. 

ComEd and PECO are likely to be subject to higher transmission operating costs in the future as a result of PJM’s RTEP. (Exelon,
ComEd and PECO) 

In accordance with a FERC order and related
settlement, PJM’s RTEP requires the costs of new transmission facilities to be allocated across the entire PJM footprint for new facilities greater than or equal to 500 kV, and requires costs of new facilities less than 500 kV to be allocated
to the beneficiaries of the new facilities. On August 6, 2009, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit remanded to FERC its decision related to allocation of new facilities 500 kV and above for further proceedings. ComEd and PECO
cannot estimate the longer-term impact on their respective results of operations and cash flows because of the uncertainties relating to what new facilities will be built, the cost of building those facilities and the allocation ultimately
determined by further proceedings. See Notes 2 and 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

The impact of not meeting the criteria of the authoritative guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation could be material to Exelon,
ComEd and PECO. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

As of
December 31, 2009, Exelon, ComEd and PECO have concluded that the operations of ComEd and PECO meet the criteria of the authoritative guidance for accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation. If it is concluded in a future period
that a separable portion of their businesses no longer meets the criteria, Exelon, ComEd, and PECO are required to eliminate the financial statement effects of regulation for that part of their business, which would include the elimination of any or
all regulatory assets and liabilities that had been recorded in their Consolidated Balance Sheets and the recognition of a one-time extraordinary item in their Consolidated Statements of Operations. The impact of not meeting the criteria of the
authoritative guidance could be material to the financial statements of Exelon, ComEd and PECO. At

43 

Table of Contents

Regulatory and Legislative Risks Continued 

December 31, 2009, the extraordinary gain could have been as much as $1.7 billion (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of ComEd’s regulatory assets and liabilities. At
December 31, 2009, the extraordinary charge could have been as much as $1.5 billion (before taxes) as a result of the elimination of PECO’s regulatory assets and liabilities. Exelon would record an extraordinary gain or charge in an equal
amount related to ComEd’s and PECO’s regulatory assets and liabilities in addition to a charge against OCI (before taxes) of up to $2.5 billion and $92 million for ComEd and PECO, respectively, related to Exelon’s regulatory assets
associated with its defined benefit postretirement plans. The impacts and resolution of the above items could lead to an additional impairment of ComEd’s goodwill, which could be significant and at least partially offset the extraordinary gain
discussed above. A significant decrease in equity as a result of any changes could limit the ability of ComEd and PECO to pay dividends under Federal and state law and cause significant volatility in future results of operations. See Notes 1, 2, 6
and 19 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding accounting for the effects of regulation, regulatory issues, ComEd’s goodwill and regulatory assets and liabilities, respectively.

Exelon and Generation may incur material costs of compliance if Federal
and/or state legislation is adopted to address climate change. (Exelon and Generation) 

Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, as well as other
companies in many business sectors, including utilities, are considering ways to address the effect of GHG emissions on climate change. Select Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states have developed a model rule, via the RGGI, to regulate CO
2

 emissions from fossil-fired generation in participating states starting in 2009. Federal
and/or state legislation to reduce GHG emissions is likely to evolve in the future. If these plans become effective, Exelon and Generation may incur material costs either to additionally limit the GHG emissions from their operations or to procure
emission allowance credits. The nature and extent of environmental regulation may also impact the ability of Exelon and its subsidiaries to meet the GHG emission reduction targets of Exelon 2020. For example, more stringent permitting requirements
may preclude the construction of lower-carbon nuclear and gas-fired power plants. Similarly, a Federal RPS could increase the cost of compliance by mandating the purchase or construction of more expensive supply alternatives. For more information
regarding climate change, see “Global Climate Change” in ITEM 1 of this Form 10-K. 

The Registrants could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

As a result of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, users, owners and operators
of the bulk power transmission system, including Generation, ComEd and PECO, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the
bulk power system operates reliably and is guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with or changes in the reliability standards may subject the Registrants to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. In
addition, the ICC and PAPUC impose certain distribution reliability standards on ComEd and PECO, respectively. If the Registrants were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to remediation costs
as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties. 

The Registrants cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings relating to their business activities. An adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial positions and cash
flows. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

The
Registrants are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising out of their business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in Note 18 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

44 

Table of Contents

Operational Risks 

The Registrants’ employees, contractors, customers and the general public may be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of
the energy industry. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and customers and the general public may be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near operations. As a result, employees, contractors, customers and the general
public are at risk for serious injury, including loss of life. Significant risks include nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, pole strikes and electric contact cases.

War, acts and threats of terrorism, natural disaster, pandemic and other significant events may adversely affect Exelon’s results
of operations, its ability to raise capital and its future growth. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Exelon does not know the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the industry in general and on Exelon in particular. In addition, any
retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect its operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly oil. The possibility alone that
infrastructure facilities, such as nuclear, fossil and hydroelectric generation facilities, electric and gas transmission and distribution facilities, would be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror may affect Exelon’s
operations. Additionally, natural disasters and other events that have an adverse effect on the economy in general may adversely affect Exelon’s operations and its ability to raise capital. Instability in the financial markets as a result of
terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also may affect Exelon’s results of operations and its ability to raise capital. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has
resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs. 

The United States is currently in a pandemic situation related to the H1N1 virus, but the impact to Exelon is expected to be negligible if there is no change to the current severity of the pandemic. Exelon has
plans in place to respond to a pandemic. However, depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, the ability to operate its generating and transmission and distribution assets could be
affected, resulting in decreased service levels and increased costs. 

Additionally, Exelon is affected by changes in weather and the occurrence of hurricanes, storms and other natural disasters in its service territory and throughout the U.S. Severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive
which could result in increased costs including supply chain costs. 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by matters arising from its ownership and operation of nuclear facilities. (Exelon and Generation) 

Nuclear capacity factors.
 Capacity factors, particularly nuclear capacity factors, significantly
affect Generation’s results of operations. Nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs but produce electricity at low variable costs due to nuclear fuel costs typically being lower than fossil fuel costs. Consequently, to
be successful, Generation must consistently operate its nuclear facilities at high capacity factors. Lower capacity factors increase Generation’s operating costs by requiring Generation to produce additional energy from primarily its fossil
facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy Generation’s obligations to ComEd and PECO and other committed third-party sales. These sources generally have higher costs than Generation incurs to
produce energy from its nuclear stations. 

45 

Table of Contents

Operational Risks Continued 

Nuclear refueling outages.
 Refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and
currently average approximately 24 days in duration for the nuclear plants operated by Generation. The total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, can have a significant impact on Generation’s results of operations. When
refueling outages at wholly and co-owned plants last longer than anticipated or Generation experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and Generation faces lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales.
Each 24-day outage, depending on the capacity of the station, will decrease the total nuclear annual capacity factor between 0.3% and 0.5%. 

Nuclear fuel quality.
 The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by Generation can affect the efficiency and costs of Generation’s
operations. Certain of Generation’s nuclear units have previously had a limited number of fuel performance issues. Remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased
costs due to decreased generation capabilities. It is difficult to predict the cost for unknown potential future issues and any required remediation actions. 

Spent nuclear fuel storage.
 The approval of a national repository for the storage of SNF, such as the one proposed for Yucca Mountain,
Nevada, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of SNF, and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse Generation for these costs. Through the NRC’s “waste
confidence” rule, the NRC has determined that, if necessary, spent fuel generated in any reactor can be stored safely and without significant environmental impacts for at least 30 years beyond the licensed life for operation, which may include
the term of a revised or renewed license of that reactor, at its spent fuel storage basin or at either onsite or offsite independent spent fuel storage installations. Any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for
SNF may adversely affect Generation’s ability to fully decommission its nuclear units. 

License renewals.
 Generation cannot assure that economics will support the continued operation of the facilities for all or any portion of any renewed license. If the NRC does not renew the operating
licenses for Generation’s nuclear stations or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates, impairment charges and
accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. In addition, Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and
purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. 

Should
a national policy for the disposal of SNF not be developed, the unavailability of a repository for SNF could become a consideration by the NRC during future nuclear license renewal proceedings, including applications for new licenses, and may affect
Generation’s ability to fully decommission its nuclear units. 

Regulatory risk.
 The NRC may modify, suspend or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the Atomic Energy Act, related regulations or the terms of the licenses for
nuclear facilities. A change in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses may require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and significantly affect
Generation’s results of operations or financial position. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation, may cause the NRC to initiate such actions. 

Operational risk.
 Operations at any of Generation’s nuclear generation plants could degrade to the
point where Generation has to shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity. If this were

46 

Table of Contents

Operational Risks Continued 

to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. Generation may choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the
plant to full capacity. In either event, Generation may lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. For plants operated but not wholly owned by Generation, Generation may also incur liability to the
co-owners. For the plant not wholly owned by Generation and operated by PSEG, Salem Units 1 and 2, from which Generation receives its share of the plant’s output, Generation’s results of operations are dependent on the operational
performance of the co-owner operators and could be adversely affected by a significant event at those plants. Additionally, continued poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by Generation could result in increased regulation and
reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy, which could significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position. In addition, closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of their
operations, could have effects on transmission systems that could adversely affect the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served by Generation. 

Nuclear major incident risk.
 Although the safety record of nuclear reactors generally has been very good, accidents and other unforeseen
problems have occurred both in the United States and abroad. The consequences of a major incident can be severe and include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the United States, owned
by Generation or owned by others, may exceed Generation’s resources, including insurance coverage. Additionally, an accident or other significant event at a nuclear plant within the United States, owned by others or Generation, may result in
increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position. 

Nuclear insurance.
 As required by the Price-Anderson Act, Generation carries the maximum available amount
of nuclear liability insurance. As of January 1, 2010, the required amount of nuclear liability insurance is $375 million for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial
protection pool. In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $12.6 billion limit for a single incident. 

Generation is a member of an industry mutual insurance company, NEIL, which provides property and business interruption
insurance for Generation’s nuclear operations. In recent years, NEIL has made distributions to its members. NEIL did not make a distribution in 2009, and Generation cannot predict the level of future distributions or if they will continue at
all. 

Decommissioning.
 NRC regulations require
that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility. Generation is required to provide to the
NRC a biennial report by unit (annually for Generation’s four units that have been retired) addressing Generation’s ability to meet the NRC-estimated funding levels including scheduled contributions to and earnings on the decommissioning
trust funds. The NRC funding levels are based upon the assumption that decommissioning will commence after the end of the current licensed life of each unit. 

Forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results may
differ significantly from current estimates. The performance of capital markets also can significantly affect the value of the trust funds. Currently, Generation is making contributions to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts
being collected by PECO from its customers and remitted to Generation. While Generation has recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), it has no recourse to collect additional amounts
from ComEd customers or from the

47 

Table of Contents

Operational Risks Continued 

previous owners of Clinton, TMI Unit No. 1 and Oyster Creek generating stations, if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. If circumstances changed such that Generation
were unable to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts collected from PECO customers, or if Generation no longer had recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers if there was a
shortfall of funds for decommissioning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former PECO units may be negatively affected. See Note 2 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Ultimately, if the investments held by Generation’s NDTs are not
sufficient to fund the decommissioning of Generation’s nuclear plants, Generation may be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or make additional contributions to
the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that NRC minimum funding requirements are met. As a result, Generation’s cash flows and financial position may be significantly adversely affected. See
Note 11 of the Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Generation’s financial performance may be negatively affected by risks arising from its ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities. (Exelon and Generation) 

Hydroelectric plants are licensed by FERC. The license for the Conowingo
Hydroelectric Project expires August 31, 2014, and the license for the Muddy Run Pumped Storage Project expires on September 1, 2014. Generation cannot predict whether it will receive all the regulatory approvals for the renewed license of
its hydroelectric facilities. If FERC does not renew the operating licenses for Generation’s hydroelectric facilities or a station cannot be operated through the end of its operating license, Generation’s results of operations could be
adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates currently include assumptions that license renewal will be received. Generation may also
lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments. In addition, conditions may be imposed as part of the license renewal process that may adversely affect operations, may require a substantial increase in
capital expenditures or may result in increased operating costs and significantly affect Generation’s results of operations or financial position. Similar effects may result from a change in the Federal Power Act or the applicable regulations
due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by Generation. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s operating costs, and customers’ and regulators’ opinions of ComEd and PECO, are affected by their ability to maintain the availability and reliability of their delivery
systems. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

Failures of the
equipment or facilities used in ComEd’s and PECO’s delivery systems can interrupt the transmission and delivery of electricity and related revenues and increase repair expenses and capital expenditures. Equipment or facilities failures can
be due to a number of factors, including weather. Those failures or those of other utilities, including prolonged or repeated failures, can affect customer satisfaction and the level of regulatory oversight and ComEd’s and PECO’s
maintenance and capital expenditures. Regulated utilities, which are required to provide service to all customers within their service territory, have generally been afforded liability protections against claims by customers relating to failure of
service. Under Illinois law, however, ComEd can be required to pay damages to its customers in some circumstances involving extended outages affecting large numbers of its customers. 

48 

Table of Contents

Operational Risks Continued 

The physical risks associated with climate change could impact the Registrant’s results of operations and cash flows. (Exelon,
ComEd and PECO) 

Physical risks of climate change, such
as more frequent or more extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface water availability, sea level rise and other related phenomena, could affect some, or all, of the Registrant’s
operations. Severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme weather event within the Registrants’ service areas can also directly affect their
capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. Finally, climate change could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations,
which is essential for Exelon’s and Generation’s continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units. 

ComEd’s and PECO’s respective ability to deliver electricity, their operating costs and their capital expenditures may be negatively affected by
transmission congestion. (Exelon, ComEd and PECO) 

Demand for electricity within ComEd’s and PECO’s service areas could stress available transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailment of electricity usage with consequent effects on operating costs, revenues and
results of operations. In addition, as with all utilities, potential concerns over transmission capacity could result in PJM or FERC requiring ComEd and PECO to upgrade or expand their respective transmission systems through additional capital
expenditures. 

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified
workforce may negatively impact the Registrants’ results of operations. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd and PECO) 

Certain events, such as an employee strike, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements,
may lead to operating challenges and increased costs for the Registrants. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors
to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. If the Registrants are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of operations could be negatively affected. 

The Registrants are subject to information security risks. (Exelon, Generation, ComEd
and PECO) 

A security breach of the Registrants’
information systems could impact the reliability of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or subject them to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information.
The Registrants cannot accurately assess the probability that a security breach may occur, despite the measures taken by the Registrants to prevent such a breach, and are unable to quantify the potential impact of such an event. 

Due to PECO’s dependence on Generation to fulfill 100% of its electric energy
supply requirements under a PPA, PECO could be negatively affected in the event of Generation’s inability to perform under the PPA. (Exelon and PECO) 

PECO currently acquires 100% of its electric energy and capacity requirements under a PPA with Generation. In accordance with the PPA, the current
electric generation rates that PECO pays have been fixed and will continue to be fixed through 2010. In the event that Generation could not perform under the PPA, PECO would be forced to purchase electric energy from alternative sources at
potentially higher rates. While PECO believes that this event is unlikely to occur, such an event could have a negative impact on PECO’s results of operations and financial position. 

49 

Table of Contents

The Registrants may make acquisitions that do not achieve the intended financial results. (Exelon, Generation,
ComEd and PECO) 

The Registrants may make investments
and pursue mergers and acquisitions that fit their strategic objectives and improve their financial performance. It is possible that FERC or state public utility commission regulations may impose certain other restrictions on such transactions.
Achieving the anticipated benefits of an investment is subject to a number of uncertainties, and failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined
company and diversion of management’s time and energy and could have an adverse effect on the combined company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.