The nature of the
Company’s worldwide operations necessitate the Company dealing with a multitude
of currencies other than the U.S. dollar.  This results in the Company
being exposed to the inherent risks of the international currency markets and
governmental interference.  Many of the countries where the Company
maintains offices and/or agency relationships have strict currency control
regulations which influence the Company’s ability to hedge foreign currency
exposure.  The Company tries to compensate for these exposures by
accelerating international currency settlements among these offices or agents.

In addition, the
Company’s ability to provide service to its customers is highly dependent on
good working relationships with a variety of entities including airlines,
steamship lines and governmental agencies.  The Company considers its
current working relationships with these entities to be good.  However,
changes in space allotments available from carriers, governmental deregulation
efforts, “modernization” of the regulations governing customs clearance, and/or
changes in governmental quota restrictions could affect the Company’s business
in unpredictable ways.

Seasonality

Historically, the
Company’s operating results have been subject to seasonal trends when measured
on a quarterly basis.  The first quarter has traditionally been the
weakest and the third and fourth quarters have traditionally been the
strongest.  This pattern has been the result of, or influenced by,
numerous factors including climate, national holidays, consumer demand,
economic conditions and a myriad of other similar and subtle forces.  In
addition, this historical quarterly trend has been influenced by the growth and
diversification of the Company’s international network and service
offerings.  The Company cannot accurately forecast many of these factors,
nor can the Company estimate accurately the relative influence of any
particular factor and, as a result, there can be no assurance that historical
patterns will continue in future periods.

A significant portion of
the Company’s revenues are derived from customers in industries whose shipping
patterns are tied closely to consumer demand and from customers in industries
whose shipping patterns are dependent upon just-in-time production schedules.
Therefore, the timing of the Company’s revenues are, to a large degree,
impacted by factors out of the Company’s control, such as shifting consumer
demand for retail goods and manufacturing production delays. 
Additionally, many customers ship a significant portion of their goods at or
near the end of a quarter, and therefore, the Company may not learn of a shortfall
in revenues until late in a quarter.  To the extent that a shortfall in
revenues or earnings was not expected by securities analysts, any such
shortfall from levels predicted by securities analysts could have an immediate
and adverse effect on the trading price of the Company’s stock.

Environmental

In the United States, the
Company is subject to Federal, state and local provisions regulating the
discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise for the protection of
the environment.  Similar laws apply in many other jurisdictions in which
the Company operates.  Although current operations have not been
significantly affected by compliance with these environmental laws, governments
are becoming increasingly sensitive to environmental issues, and the Company
cannot predict what impact future environmental regulations may have on its
business.  The Company does not anticipate making any material capital
expenditures for environmental control purposes during the remainder of the
current or succeeding fiscal years.

Employees

At January 31, 2008,
the Company employed approximately 12,310 people, 4,460 in the United States
and 760 in the balance of North America, 630 in South America, 1,640 in Europe,
3,580 in Asia & Australasia, 950 in the Near/Middle East and 290 in
Africa.  Approximately 1,720 of the Company’s employees are engaged
principally in sales and marketing and customer service, 7,420 in operations
and 3,170 in finance and administration.  The Company is not a party to
any collective bargaining agreement and considers its relations with its
employees to be satisfactory.

In order to retain the
services of highly qualified, experienced, and motivated employees, the Company
places considerable emphasis on its non-equity incentive compensation programs
and stock option plans.

7

Executive Officers of the
Registrant

The following table sets
forth the names, ages, and positions of current executive officers of the
Company.

 Name

 Age

 Position

 Peter J. Rose

 64

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and director

 James L.K. Wang

 60

 President-Asia and director

 R. Jordan Gates

 52

 President and Chief Operating Officer, Acting Chief
 Financial Officer and director

 Rommel C. Saber

 50

 President-Europe, Africa, Near/Middle East and
 Indian Subcontinent

 Robert L. Villanueva

 55

 President-The Americas

 Sandy K.Y. Liu

 60

 Chief Operating Officer-Asia

 Timothy C. Barber

 48

 President-Global Sales and Marketing

 Rosanne Esposito

 56

 Executive Vice President-Global Customs

 Eugene K. Alger

 47

 Senior Vice President-North America

 Jean Claude Carcaillet

 62

 Senior Vice President-Australasia

 Philip M. Coughlin

 47

 Senior Vice President-North America

 Roger A. Idiart

 54

 Senior Vice President-Air Cargo

 Charles J. Lynch

 47

 Senior Vice President-Corporate Controller

 Jeffrey S. Musser

 42

 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer

 Daniel R. Wall

 39

 Senior Vice President-Ocean Services

 Amy J. Tangeman

 39

 Vice President-General Counsel and Secretary

Peter J. Rose has served
as a director and Vice President of the Company since July 1981. 
Mr. Rose was elected a Senior Vice President of the Company in
May 1986, Executive Vice President in May 1987, President and Chief
Executive Officer in October 1988, and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
in May 1991.

James L.K. Wang has
served as a director and the Managing Director of Expeditors International
Taiwan Ltd., the Company’s former exclusive Taiwan agent, since
September 1981.  In 1991, Mr. Wang’s employment agreement was
assigned to E.I. Freight (Taiwan), Ltd., the Company's exclusive Taiwan agent
through 2004.  Mr. Wang's contract is now assigned to ECI Taiwan Co. Ltd.,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  In October 1988,
Mr. Wang became a director of the Company and its Director-Far East, and
Executive Vice President in January 1996.  In May 2000,
Mr. Wang was elected President-Asia.

R. Jordan Gates joined
the Company as its Controller-Europe in February 1991. 
Mr. Gates was elected Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company
in August 1994 and Senior Vice President-Chief Financial Officer and
Treasurer in January 1998.  In May 2000, Mr. Gates was
elected Executive Vice President-Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. 
Mr. Gates was also elected as a director in May 2000.  Effective January 1, 2008, Mr. Gates assumed
the role of President and Chief Operating Officer.  He will remain as acting Chief Financial
Officer until a replacement is announced.

Rommel C. Saber joined
the Company as Director-Near/Middle East in February 1990 and was elected
Senior Vice President-Sales and Marketing in January 1993. 
Mr. Saber was elected Senior Vice President-Air Export in
September 1993.  In July 1997, Mr. Saber was elected Senior Vice
President Near/Middle East and Indian Subcontinent and Executive Vice
President-Europe, Africa and Near/Middle East in August 2000.  In
February 2006, Mr. Saber was elected President-Europe, Africa,
Near/Middle East and Indian Subcontinent.

Robert L. Villanueva
joined the Company as Regional Vice President Northwest U.S. Region in April 1994. 
In September 1999, he was elected Executive Vice President-The Americas
and President-The Americas in May 2004.

Sandy K.Y. Liu became
Chief Operating Officer-Asia of the Company in January 2001.  From
1969 through 2000, Mr. Liu was employed in various positions by China
Airlines.  In November 1998, Mr. Liu was appointed President of
China Airlines.

Timothy C. Barber joined
the Company in May 1986.  Mr. Barber was promoted to District
Manager of the Seattle office in January 1987 and Regional Vice President
in January 1993.  Mr. Barber was elected Vice President-Sales
and Marketing in September 1993 and Senior Vice President-Sales and
Marketing in January 1998.  In September 1999, Mr. Barber
was elected Executive Vice President-Global Sales.  Effective January 1, 2008, Mr. Barber assumed
the role of President-Global Sales and Marketing.

Rosanne Esposito joined
the Company as its Director-U.S. Import Services in January 1996. 
Ms. Esposito was promoted to Vice President in May 1997 and Senior
Vice President-Global Customs in May 2001.  In May 2004,
Ms. Esposito was promoted to Executive Vice President-Global Customs.

8

Eugene K. Alger joined the Company in
October 1982.  Mr. Alger was promoted to District Manager and
Regional Vice President of the Los Angeles office in May 1983.  He
was elected Regional Vice President-Southwestern U.S. and Mexico Region in
January 1992, and Senior Vice President of North America in
September 1999.

Jean Claude Carcaillet
joined the Company as Managing Director-Australasia in August 1988. 
Mr. Carcaillet was elected Senior Vice President-Australasia in
September 1997.

Philip M. Coughlin joined
the Company in October 1985.  In August 1986, Mr. Coughlin was
promoted to District Manager. 
Mr. Coughlin was elected Regional Manager for New England and Canada in
January 1991, Regional Vice President-Northeastern U.S. and Northern
Border in January 1992, and Senior Vice President of North America in
September 1999.

Roger A. Idiart joined
the Company as its Manager of Gateway Operations in December 1995. 
Mr. Idiart was elected Vice President-Global Air Cargo in
January 1998, and Senior Vice President-Air Cargo in May 2001.

Charles J. Lynch joined
the Company in September 1984.  Mr. Lynch was promoted to
Assistant Controller in July 1985 and Controller-Domestic Operations in
January 1989.  Mr. Lynch was elected Corporate Controller in
January 1991 and Vice President-Corporate Controller in
January 1998.  In May 2002, Mr. Lynch was elected Senior
Vice President-Corporate Controller.

Jeffrey S. Musser joined
the Company in February 1983.  Mr. Musser was promoted to
District Manager in October 1989 and Regional Vice President in September
1999.  Mr. Musser was elected Senior Vice President-Chief Information
Officer in January 2005.

Daniel R. Wall joined the
Company in March 1987.  Mr. Wall was promoted to District
Manager in May 1992 and Global Director-Account Management in
March 2002.  Mr. Wall was elected Vice President-ECMS in
January 2004 and Senior Vice President-Ocean Services in
September 2004.

Amy J. Tangeman joined
the Company in January 1997.  Ms.
Tangeman was promoted to Assistant General Counsel in November 2001.  In October 2006, Ms. Tangeman was elected
Vice-President-General Counsel and Secretary.

Regulation and
Security

With respect to the
Company’s activities in the air transportation industry in the United States,
it is subject to regulation by the Transportation Security Administration of
the Department of Homeland Security as an indirect air carrier.  The
Company’s overseas offices and agents are licensed as airfreight forwarders in
their respective countries of operation.  The Company is licensed in each
of its offices, or in the case of its newer offices, has made application for a
license as an airfreight forwarder by the International Air Transport
Association (“IATA”).  IATA is a
voluntary association of airlines and air transport related entities which
prescribes certain operating procedures for airfreight forwarders acting as
agents for its members.  The majority of the Company’s airfreight
forwarding business is conducted with airlines which are IATA members.

The Company is licensed as a customs broker by Customs
and Border Protection (“CBP”) of the Department of Homeland Security in each
U.S. customs district in which it does business.  All United States
customs brokers are required to maintain prescribed records and are subject to
periodic audits by CBP.  In other jurisdictions in which the Company
performs clearance services, the Company is licensed by the appropriate
governmental authority.  The Company
participates in various governmental supply chain security programs, such as
the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (“C-TPAT”) in the United States
and additional security initiatives as they continue to be enacted by different
governments.  In other jurisdictions in
which the Company performs clearance services, the Company is licensed by the
appropriate governmental authority.

The Company is
registered as an Ocean Transportation Intermediary 
(“OTI”)
 (sometimes
referred to as NVOCC-Non-
Vessel

Owned 
Common 
Carrier)

by the Federal Maritime Commission (“FMC”).  The FMC has
established certain qualifications for shipping agents, including certain
surety bonding requirements.  The FMC is also responsible for the economic
regulation of OTI/NVOCC activity originating or terminating in the United
States.  To comply with these economic regulations, vessel operators and
NVOCCs, such as EIO, are required to file tariffs electronically which
establish the rates to be charged for the movement of specified commodities
into and out of the United States.  The FMC has the power to enforce these
regulations by assessing penalties.

The Company does not
believe that current United States and foreign governmental regulations impose
significant economic restraint upon its business operations.  In general,
the Company conducts its business activities in each country through a
majority-owned subsidiary corporation that is organized and existing under the
laws of that country.  However, the regulations of foreign governments can
impose barriers to the Company’s ability to provide the full range of its
business activities in a wholly or majority United States-owned subsidiary. 
For example, foreign ownership of a customs brokerage business is prohibited in
some jurisdictions and less frequently the ownership of
the licenses required for freight forwarding and/or freight consolidation is
restricted to local entities.  When the Company encounters this sort of
governmental restriction, it works to establish a legal structure that meets
the 

9

requirements of the local regulations while also
giving the Company the substantive operating and economic advantages that would
be available in the absence of such regulation. This can be accomplished by
creating a joint venture or exclusive agency relationship with a qualified
local entity that holds the required license.  In cases where the Company
has unilateral control over the assets and operations of the local entity,
notwithstanding the lack of technical majority ownership of common stock, the
Company consolidates the accounts of the local entity.  In such cases,
consolidation is necessary to fairly present the financial position and results
of operations of the Company because of the existence of the parent-subsidiary
relationship by means other than record ownership of voting common stock.

The war on terror and
governments’ overriding concern for the safety of passengers and citizens who
import and/or export goods into and out of their respective countries has
resulted in a proliferation of cargo security regulations over the past several
years.  While these cargo regulations have
already created a marked difference in the security arrangements required to
move shipments around the globe, regulations are expected to become more
stringent in the future.  As governments
look for ways to minimize the exposure of their citizens to potential terror
related incidents, the Company and its competitors in the transportation
business may be required to incorporate security procedures within their scope
of services to a far greater degree than has been required in the past.  The Company feels that increased security
requirements may involve further investments in technology and more
sophisticated screening procedures being applied to potential customers,
vendors and employees.  While many of
these regulations have not been finalized at this time, it is the Company’s
position that much of the increased costs of compliance with security
regulations will need to be passed through to those who are beneficiaries of
the Company’s services.

Cargo Liability

When acting as an
airfreight consolidator, the Company assumes a carrier’s liability for lost or
damaged shipments. This legal liability is typically limited by contract to the
lower of the transaction value or the released value (17 Special 
Drawing

Rights per kilo unless the customer declares a higher value and pays a
surcharge), except if the loss or damage is caused by willful misconduct or in
the absence of an appropriate airway bill.  The airline which the Company
utilizes to make the actual shipment is generally liable to the Company in the same
manner and to the same extent.  When acting solely as the agent of the
airline or shipper, the Company does not assume any contractual liability for
loss or damage to shipments tendered to the airline.

When acting as an ocean
freight consolidator, the Company assumes a carrier’s liability for lost or
damaged shipments.  This liability is typically limited by contract to the
lower of the transaction value or the released value ($500 per package or
customary freight unit unless the customer declares a higher value and pays a
surcharge).  The steamship line which the Company utilizes to make the
actual shipment is generally liable to the Company in the same manner and to
the same extent.  In its ocean freight forwarding and customs clearance operations,
the Company does not assume cargo liability.

When providing warehouse
and distribution services, the Company limits its legal liability by contract
and tariff to an amount generally equal to the lower of fair value or $0.50 per
pound with a maximum of $50 per “lot” — which is defined as the smallest unit
that the warehouse is required to track.  Upon payment of a surcharge for
warehouse and distribution services, the Company will assume additional
liability.

The Company maintains marine cargo insurance covering
claims for losses attributable to missing or damaged shipments for which it is
legally liable.  The Company also maintains insurance coverage for the
property of others which is stored in Company warehouse facilities.  This
insurance coverage is provided by a Vermont based insurance entity wholly owned
by the Company.  The coverage is fronted and reinsured by a global
insurance company.  The total risk retained by the Company in 2007 was
approximately $4 million, although actual and estimated losses are expected to
be less.  In addition, the Company is
licensed as an insurance broker through its subsidiary, Expeditors Cargo
Insurance Brokers, Inc. and places stand alone insurance coverage for
other customers.

10



 RISK
 FACTORS

 DISCUSSION
 AND POTENTIAL SIGNIFICANCE

 International Trade

 The Company primarily
 provides services to customers engaged in international commerce. Everything
 that affects international trade has the potential to expand or contract the
 Company’s primary market. For example, international trade is influenced by:

 ·

 currency exchange rate
 and interest rate fluctuations;

 ·

 changes in governmental
 policies;

 ·

 changes in and
 application of international and domestic customs, trade and security
 regulations;

 ·

 wars, acts of
 terrorism, and other conflicts;

 ·

 natural disasters;

 ·

 changes in consumer
 attitudes regarding goods made in countries other than their own;

 ·

 changes in the price
 and readily available quantities of oil and other petroleum-related products;
 and

 ·

 increased global
 concerns regarding environmental sustainability.

 Third Party Vendors

 The Company is a
 non-asset based supplier of global logistics services. As a result, the
 Company depends on a variety of asset-based third party vendors. The quality
 and profitability of the Company’s services depend upon effective selection,
 management and discipline of third party vendors.

 Predictability of
 Results

 The Company is not
 aware of any accurate means of forecasting short-term customer requirements.
 However, long-term customer satisfaction depends upon the Company’s ability
 to meet these unpredictable short-term customer requirements. Personnel
 costs, the Company’s single largest variable expense, are always less
 flexible in the very near term as the Company must staff to meet uncertain
 demand. As a result, short-term operating results could be disproportionately
 affected.

 Foreign Operations

 The majority of the
 Company’s revenues and operating income come from operations conducted
 outside the United States. To maintain a global service network, the Company
 may be required to operate in hostile locations and in dangerous situations.

 Key Personnel

 The Company is a
 service business. The quality of this service is directly related to the
 quality of the Company’s employees. Identifying, training and retaining key
 employees is essential to continued growth and future profitability.
 Continued loyalty to the Company will not be assured by contract.

 Technology

 Increasingly, the
 Company must compete based upon the flexibility and sophistication of the
 technologies utilized in performing its core businesses. Future results
 depend upon the Company’s success in the cost effective development and
 integration of communication and information systems technologies.

 Growth

 To date, the Company
 has relied primarily upon organic growth and has tended to avoid growth
 through acquisition. Future results will depend upon the Company’s ability to
 continue to grow internally or to demonstrate the ability to successfully
 identify and integrate non-dilutive acquisitions.

 Regulatory Environment

 As a publicly traded
 corporation, the Company is affected by regulations from a number of sources.
 The current business environment tends to stress the avoidance of risk
 through regulation and oversight, the effect of which is likely to be
 unforeseen costs and potentially unforeseen consequences.

In reaction to the
 global war on terror, governments around the world are continuously enacting
 or updating security regulations. The implementation of these regulations,
 including deadlines and substantive requirements, is driven by political
 urgencies rather than the industries’ realistic ability to comply. Failure to
 timely comply may result in increased operating costs, restrictions on
 operations and/or fines and penalties.

 Litigation/Investigations

 As a multinational
 corporation, the Company is subject to formal or informal investigations or
 litigation from governmental authorities in the countries in which it does
 business. The Company is currently subject to, and is cooperating fully with,
 an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) of air cargo freight
 forwarders. This investigation may require further management time and cause
 the Company to incur substantial additional legal and related costs, which
 could include fines and/or penalties if the DOJ concludes that the Company
 has engaged in anti-competitive behavior. The Company may be subject to other
 civil litigation arising from this investigation, including but not limited
 to shareholder class action lawsuits and derivative claims made on behalf of
 us. In addition, the Company has been named as a defendant in a Federal class
 action lawsuit filed in New York and will incur additional costs related to
 defending itself in these proceedings.

11