You should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties associated with our company
and the ownership of our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business and/or financial performance. 

We operate in an increasingly competitive global environment. 

The market for the services we offer is increasingly and intensely competitive. We compete with both established and emerging online and traditional sellers of travel-related services, including online
travel agencies, travel suppliers, large online portal and search companies, traditional travel agencies, metasearch companies, operators of travel industry reservation databases and private shopping websites. Some of our competitors, including
travel suppliers such as airlines and hotels, may offer products and services on more favorable terms, including lower prices, no fees or unique access to proprietary loyalty programs, such as points and miles. Many of these competitors, such as
airlines, hotel and rental car companies, have been steadily focusing on increasing online demand on their own websites in lieu of third-party distributors such as the various Expedia sites. For instance, some low cost airlines, which are having
increasing success in the marketplace, distribute their online supply exclusively through their own websites. Suppliers who sell on their own websites, in some instances, offer advantages such as increased or exclusive product availability and their
own bonus miles or loyalty points, which could make their offerings more attractive to consumers than ours. In recent years, social media websites and mobile platforms have emerged and are growing significantly. We cannot be certain that we will be
able to compete effectively on these or other new sites or platforms that may emerge. 

We face increasing competition from
other online travel agencies, such as Priceline, Travelocity and Orbitz, which in some cases may have more favorable offerings for both travelers and suppliers, including pricing, connectivity and supply breadth. In particular, we have faced and are
facing intense competition from Priceline subsidiaries, Booking.com and Agoda.com. We also compete with other travel agencies for both travelers and the acquisition and retention of supply. Increasing competition from current and emerging
competitors, the introduction of new technologies and the expansion of existing technologies, such as metasearch and other search engine technologies, may force us to make changes to our business models, which could affect our financial performance
and liquidity. Increased competition has resulted in and may continue to result in reduced margins, as well as loss of travelers, transactions and brand recognition. 

Our websites, including in particular the TripAdvisor Media Network websites, also compete for advertising revenue with search engines like Google, Bing and Yahoo! Search that offer pay-per-click or
pay-per-impression advertising services, as well as large internet portal sites that offer listing or other advertising opportunities for travel-related companies. These competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and
other resources and large client bases. In addition, we compete with newspapers, magazines and other traditional media companies that provide offline and online advertising opportunities. We expect to face additional competition as other established
and emerging companies enter the online advertising market. Competition could result in higher traffic acquisitions costs, reduced margins on our advertising services, loss of market share, reduced customer traffic to our websites and reduced
advertising by travel companies on our websites. For example, Google, through its launch of Google Places and its proposed acquisition of ITA Software, if completed, as well as Bing, through its launch of Bing Travel, each took steps during 2010 to
appeal more directly to travel customers, which could lead to diversion of customer traffic to their own websites or those of a favored partner, or undermine our ability to obtain prominent placement in paid or unpaid search results at a reasonable
cost, or at all. In addition, if one or more large search engine begins to facilitate travel transactions on its own websites, it could also adversely affect our results. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against any current, emerging and future competitors or provide differentiated products and services to our traveler base. 

Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

Our business and financial performance are affected by the health of the worldwide travel industry. Travel expenditures are sensitive to
personal and business discretionary spending levels and tend to decline or grow 

11 

Table of Contents

more slowly during economic downturns. Beginning in 2008, domestic and global economic conditions deteriorated rapidly resulting in increased unemployment and a reduction in available financial
capital for both business and leisure travelers, which slowed spending on the services we provide. Further economic weakness and uncertainty may result in significantly decreased spending on our services by both business and leisure travelers, which
may have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. 

Our business is also sensitive to fluctuations
in hotel occupancy and average daily rates, decreases in airline capacity or periodically rising airline ticket prices, all of which we have recently experienced. Events specific to the air travel industry that could negatively affect our business
also include fare increases, continued carrier consolidation, reduced access to airfares, travel-related strikes or labor unrest, bankruptcies or liquidations and increases in fuel prices. Additionally, our business is sensitive to safety concerns,
and thus our business has in the past and may in the future decline after incidents of actual or threatened terrorism, during periods of political instability or geopolitical conflict in which travelers become concerned about safety issues, as a
result of natural disasters or events such as severe weather conditions, volcanic eruptions, hurricanes or earthquakes or when travel might involve health-related risks, such as the H1N1 and avian flu outbreaks. Such concerns could result in a
protracted decrease in demand for our travel services. This decrease in demand, depending on its scope and duration, together with any future issues affecting travel safety, could significantly and adversely affect our business, working capital and
financial performance over the short and long-term. In addition, the disruption of the existing travel plans of a significant number of travelers upon the occurrence of certain events, such as severe weather conditions, actual or threatened
terrorist activity or war, could result in the incurrence of significant additional costs and constrained liquidity if we, as we have done recently in the case of severe weather conditions, provide relief to affected travelers by refunding the price
or fees associated with airline tickets, hotel reservations and other travel products and services. 

Our business depends on
our relationships with travel suppliers and travel supplier intermediaries. 

An important component of our business success
depends on our ability to maintain and expand relationships with travel suppliers and GDS partners. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from compensation negotiated with travel suppliers and GDS partners for bookings made through our
websites. Over the last several years, air and hotel travel suppliers have generally reduced or in some cases eliminated payments to travel agents and other travel intermediaries. In addition, our hotel remuneration varies with the room rates paid
by travelers (Average Daily Rates, or “ADRs”), meaning that our revenue for each room will generally be proportionately higher or lower depending on the level of the ADR. For example, the significant decline in ADRs, which began in late
2008 and continued through 2009, negatively impacted our hotel booking revenue. In addition, ADRs on our websites generally declined faster than in the overall travel industry due to a number of factors including the increased use of our
distribution channels for promotional activities by hotels. To the extent ADRs decline in the future, our hotel booking revenue may be negatively impacted. 

Also, each year we typically negotiate or renegotiate numerous long-term airline and hotel contracts. No assurances can be given that GDS partners or travel suppliers will not further reduce or eliminate
compensation, attempt to implement direct connections, charge travel agencies for or otherwise restrict access to content, credit card fees or other services, or further reduce their ADRs, any of which could reduce our revenue and margins thereby
adversely affecting our business and financial performance. Recently, some airlines have begun to charge separately for checked baggage, food, beverages and other services. GDSs have limited ability to incorporate these elements into our product
selection, impacting our product display and comparability with the airlines own sites or other channels that show this content detail. In late 2010, American Airlines began to pursue a new distribution strategy requiring online travel agents to
agree to connect directly to American Airlines’ systems, rather than through GDSs, and our contract with American Airlines expired without renewal resulting in their fares being removed from our leisure travel sites. If we cannot reach a new
agreement with American Airlines or if other airlines pursue a similar distribution strategy, it could reduce our access to air inventory, reduce our compensation, result in additional operating expenses related to the development, implementation
and maintenance of the necessary technology systems, increase the frequency or duration of system problems and delay other projects. 

12 

Table of Contents

We rely on the value of our brands, and the costs of maintaining and enhancing our brand
awareness are increasing. 

We believe continued investment in our brands, including Expedia, Hotels.com, Hotwire, Egencia,
eLong, Venere and the TripAdvisor Media Network, is critical to retaining and expanding our traveler, supplier and advertiser bases. We have spent, and expect to continue having to spend, more to maintain our brands’ value due to a variety of
factors. These include increased spending from our competitors, the increasing costs of supporting multiple brands, expansion into geographies and products where our brands are less well known, inflation in media pricing including search engine
keywords and the continued emergence and relative traffic share growth of search engines and metasearch engines as destination sites for travelers. We have spent considerable financial and human resources to date on the establishment and maintenance
of our brands, and we will continue to invest in, and devote resources to, advertising and marketing, as well as other brand building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. We may not be able to successfully maintain or
enhance consumer awareness of our brands, and, even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective, or as cost-effective as they have been historically. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness
of our brands and generate demand in a cost-effective manner, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

Our business could be negatively affected by changes in search engine algorithms and dynamics, or search engine disintermediation. 

We increasingly utilize internet search engines such as Google, principally through the purchase of travel-related keywords, to generate
traffic to our websites. Search engines, including Google, frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of results of a user’s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our websites
can be negatively affected. In addition, a significant amount of traffic is directed to our websites through our participation in pay-per-click and display advertising campaigns on internet media properties and search engines whose pricing and
operating dynamics can experience rapid change, both technically and competitively. If a major search engine changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects the search engine ranking, paid or unpaid, of our websites or that of our
third-party distribution partners, or if competitive dynamics further impact market pricing in a negative manner, our business and financial performance would be adversely affected. 

In addition, to the extent Google, Bing or other leading search or meta-search engines disintermediate online travel agencies or travel
content providers by offering comprehensive travel planning or shopping capabilities, or refer those leads to suppliers directly, or to other favored partners, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. For
example, during 2010 Google announced its intention to acquire flight search technology company ITA Software and separately made changes to its hotel search results, including promoting the use of Google Places. To the extent these actions have a
negative effect on our search traffic, our business and financial performance would be adversely affected. 

We rely on
information technology to operate our businesses and maintain our competitiveness, and any failure to adapt to technological developments or industry trends could harm our business. 

We depend on the use of sophisticated information technologies and systems, including technology and systems used for reservations,
communications, procurement and administration. As our operations grow in both size and scope, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to offer an increasing number of travelers enhanced products, services, features
and functionality, while maintaining the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure. Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our services and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while
continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our service in response to competitive service and product offerings. New developments in areas, such as cloud computing, could also make it easier for competition to enter our
markets due to lower up-front technology costs. 

In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or
introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. We have been engaged in a multi-year 

13 

Table of Contents

effort, which we expect to continue for several more years, to migrate key portions of our site functionality to new technology platforms to enable us to introduce innovation more rapidly,
achieve better search engine optimization and improve our site merchandising and transaction processing capabilities, among other anticipated benefits. These migrations have been more time consuming and expensive than originally anticipated, and the
resources devoted to those efforts have adversely affected our ability to develop new site innovations. Continued delays or difficulties in implementing new or enhanced systems may keep us from achieving the desired results in a timely manner, to
the extent anticipated, or at all. In addition, during the migration process the sites may experience reduced functionality and decreases in conversion rates. Also, we may be unable to devote financial resources to new technologies and systems in
the future. If any of these events occur, our business and financial performance could suffer. 

Our international operations
involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our business expands globally. 

We operate in a
number of jurisdictions outside of the United States and intend to continue to expand our international presence. To achieve widespread acceptance in the countries and markets we enter, we must continue to tailor our services and business model to
the unique circumstances of such countries and markets, including travel supplier relationships and traveler preferences. Learning the customs and cultures of various countries, particularly with respect to travel patterns and practices, can be
difficult, costly and divert management and personnel resources. Our failure to adapt our practices and models effectively to the traveler and supplier preferences of each country into which we expand could slow our international growth. 

Our investments in China create particular risks and uncertainties relating to the laws in China. We have two principal businesses
operating in China: eLong, an online transactional travel business; and TripAdvisor China, which operates a media site under the brand daodao.com and a metasearch site under the brand kuxun.cn. The success of these businesses and any future
investments we make in China are subject to risks and uncertainties regarding the application, development and interpretation of China’s laws and regulations. Significant uncertainties exist regarding the interpretation and enforcement of
Chinese laws and regulations including permits and license requirements, and such uncertainties could limit the available legal protections relating to our investments. Moreover, we cannot predict the effect of future developments in China’s
legal system, particularly with respect to the travel industry, the internet and online commerce, media, foreign investment, taxation, labor, and currency exchange and regulation, including the introduction of new laws, changes to existing laws or
the interpretation or enforcement of current or future laws and regulations. In addition, the laws and regulations of China restrict foreign investment in areas including air-ticketing, travel agency, internet content provision, mobile communication
and related businesses. Although we have established effective control through a series of agreements between the companies in which our Chinese investments are held and their affiliated Chinese entities, future developments in the interpretation or
enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations or a dispute relating to these agreements could restrict our ability to operate or restructure these entities or to engage in strategic transactions. Capitalization of our Chinese entities is also subject
to extensive government oversight and regulation and there can be no assurance we can provide adequate financing for these entities. Finally, China does not have treaties with the United States or most other western countries providing for the
reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts. As a result, court judgments obtained in jurisdictions with which China does not have treaties on reciprocal recognition of judgment may be difficult or impossible to enforce in China.

Other risks we face as a result of our international operations include: 

•

 Political instability; 

•

 Threatened or actual acts of terrorism; 

•

 Regulatory requirements, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and newly enacted U.K. Bribery Act, data privacy requirements, labor laws and
anti-competition regulations; 

•

 Our ability to comply with additional U.S. laws applicable to U.S. companies operating internationally as well as local laws and regulations;

14 

Table of Contents

•

 Diminished ability to legally enforce our contractual rights; 

•

 Increased risk and limits on our ability to enforce intellectual property rights; 

•

 Possible preferences by local populations for local providers; 

•

 Restrictions on, or adverse consequences related to, the withdrawal of non-U.S. investment and earnings; 

•

 Currency exchange restrictions; 

•

 Restrictions on our ability to repatriate cash as well as restrictions on our ability to invest in our operations in certain countries;

•

 Exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

 Financial risk arising from transactions in multiple currencies, including our failure to adequately manage those risks; 

•

 Slower adoption of the internet as an advertising, broadcast and commerce medium in those markets as compared to the United States; and

•

 Difficulties in managing staffing and operations due to distance, time zones, language and cultural differences. 

We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire, retain and
motivate qualified personnel, our business would be harmed. 

Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and
efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. In particular, the contributions of Barry Diller,
our Chairman and Senior Executive, and Dara Khosrowshahi, our Chief Executive Officer, are critical to the overall management of the company. Our future success will depend on the performance of our senior management and key employees. Expedia
cannot ensure that it will be able to retain the services of Mr. Diller, Mr. Khosrowshahi or any other member of our senior management or key employees, the loss of whom could seriously harm our business. Competition for well-qualified
employees in certain aspects of our business, including software engineers, developers and other technology professionals, also remains intense. 

Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees
or retaining or motivating existing employees, our business would be adversely affected. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. 

We have in the past and may again in the future, restructure portions of our global workforce to simplify and streamline our organization, improve our cost structure and strengthen our overall businesses.
These changes could affect employee morale and productivity and be disruptive to our business and financial performance. 

Our stock price is highly volatile. 

The market price of our common stock is highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as the following, some of which are beyond our control:

•

 Quarterly variations in our operating results; 

•

 Operating results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

•

 Changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;

•

 Rating agency credit rating actions; 

•

 Reaction to our earnings releases and conference calls, or presentations by executives at investor and industry conferences;

15 

Table of Contents

•

 Changes in our capital structure; 

•

 Changes in market valuations of other internet or online service companies; 

•

 Announcements of dividends or changes in the amount or frequency of our dividends; 

•

 Announcements of technological innovations or new services by us or our competitors; 

•

 Announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;

•

 Loss of a major travel supplier, such as an airline or hotel chain; 

•

 Changes in the status of our intellectual property rights; 

•

 Lack of success in the expansion of our business model geographically; 

•

 Announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us or adverse developments in pending proceedings;

•

 Additions or departures of key personnel; 

•

 Rumors or public speculation about any of the above factors; and 

•

 Price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets in general. 

Volatility in our stock price could also make us less attractive to certain investors, and/or invite speculative trading in our common
stock or debt instruments. 

Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties may adversely affect our business
or financial performance. 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or
interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our businesses, including those relating to the internet and online commerce, consumer protection and privacy. Such unfavorable changes could
decrease demand for products and services, increase costs and/or subject us to additional liabilities. For example, there is, and will likely continue to be, an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the internet and online
commerce, which may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet, user privacy, taxation and the quality of products and services. Furthermore, the growth and development of online commerce may prompt calls for
more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on online businesses generally. 

Adverse
application of existing tax laws, rules or regulations or implementation of new unfavorable tax laws, rules or regulations, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

The application of various domestic and international sales, use, occupancy, value-added and other tax laws, rules and regulations to our
historical and new products and services is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxing authorities. Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the growth of the internet and e-commerce.
If the tax laws, rules and regulations were amended, if new unfavorable laws, rules or regulations were adopted, as has recently occurred in certain jurisdictions, or if current laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, particularly with
respect to occupancy or value-added taxes, the results could increase our tax payments (prospectively or retrospectively) and/or subject us to interest and/or penalties and decrease the demand for our products and services if we pass on such costs
to the consumer. As a result, these changes could have an adverse affect on our businesses or financial performance. 

A number
of tax authorities have brought lawsuits and have levied assessments asserting that we are required to collect and remit hotel occupancy taxes. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future be required in certain jurisdictions to pay tax
assessments, which may be substantial, prior to contesting the validity of such assessments. This requirement is commonly referred to as “pay-to-play.” Payment of these amounts is not an admission that the taxpayer believes it is subject
to such taxes. We continue to work with relevant tax authorities and legislators to clarify our obligations under existing, new and emerging laws and regulations. 

16 

Table of Contents

There have been, and will continue to be, substantial ongoing costs, which may include “pay-to-play” payments or surety bond postings, associated with complying with, and defending our
position regarding, the various indirect tax ordinances in the numerous markets in which we conduct or will conduct business. 

We are involved in various legal proceedings and may experience unfavorable outcomes, which could adversely affect our business and
financial condition. 

We are involved in various legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, the legal proceedings
described in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, that involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief or that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. The defense of these actions is and may continue to
be both time consuming and expensive. If these legal proceedings were to result in an unfavorable outcome, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

Provisions in certain credit card processing agreements could adversely affect our liquidity and financial positions. 

We have agreements with companies that process customer credit card transactions for the facilitation of customer bookings of travel
services from our travel suppliers. These agreements allow these processing companies, under certain conditions, to hold an amount of our cash (referred to as a “holdback”) or require us to post a letter of credit equal to a portion of
bookings that have been processed by that company. These processing companies may be entitled to a holdback upon the occurrence of specified events, including material adverse changes in our financial condition, or for certain companies, at their
discretion. An imposition of a holdback by one or more of our processing companies could materially reduce our liquidity. 

We
may also be held liable for accepting fraudulent credit cards on our websites for transactions where we are merchant of record as well as other payment disputes with our customers. Additionally, we are held liable for accepting fraudulent credit
cards in certain retail transactions when we do not act as merchant of record. Accordingly, we calculate and record an allowance for the resulting credit card charge backs. If we are unable to combat the use of fraudulent credit cards on our
websites, our results of operations and financial positions could be materially adversely affected. 

Our effective tax rate
is impacted by a number of factors that could have a material impact on our financial results and could increase the volatility of those results. 

Due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to income taxes in the United States and many different countries. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for
income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We regularly are under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are
reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit could have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash
flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

In addition, we earn an increasing portion of our income,
and accumulate a greater portion of our cash flow, in foreign jurisdictions. Any repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, there have been proposals to amend
U.S. tax laws that would significantly impact the manner in which U.S. companies are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form any legislation will pass, if enacted, it could have a material adverse impact on our
U.S. tax expense and our cash flows. 

We may be unable to access capital when necessary or desirable. 

The availability of funds depends in significant measure on capital markets and liquidity factors over which we exert no control. In light
of periodic uncertainty in the capital and credit markets, we can provide no assurance that sufficient financing will be available on desirable or even any terms to fund investments, acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends, debt refinancing or
extraordinary actions or that our counterparties in any such financings would honor their contractual commitments. In addition, any downgrade of our debt ratings 

17 

Table of Contents

by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investor Service or similar ratings agencies, increases in general interest rate levels or weakening in the credit markets could increase our cost
of capital. More recent capital markets experience suggests credit spreads can be significantly higher for companies with lower credit ratings, impacting returns for bondholders and increasing the cost of potential future debt issuances. 

In addition, we have experienced, and may experience, declines in seasonal liquidity and capital provided by our merchant hotel business,
which has historically provided a meaningful portion of our operating cash flow. The extent of such impact is dependent on several factors, including the rate of growth of our merchant hotel business, payment terms with suppliers and relative growth
of businesses which consume rather than generate working capital, such as our agency hotel, advertising and managed corporate travel businesses. We are also accumulating a greater portion of our cash flow in foreign jurisdictions than we had
previously and the repatriation of such funds for use in the United States, including for corporate purposes such as acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends or debt refinancings, may result in additional U.S. income tax expense. We also continue
to evaluate the use of the agency model versus the merchant model in each of our markets and any change in our relative use of the agency model could have a materially adverse impact on our working capital and liquidity position. 

System interruption and the lack of redundancy in our information systems may harm our businesses. 

We rely on computer systems to facilitate and process transactions. We have experienced and may in the future experience system
interruptions that make some or all of these systems unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties. Significant interruptions, outages or delays in our systems, or deterioration in their
performance, would impair our ability to process transactions and decrease our quality of service that we can offer to our travelers. These interruptions could include security intrusions and attacks on our systems for fraud or service interruption
(called “denial of service” or “bot” attacks). If we were to experience frequent or persistent system failures, our reputation and brands could be harmed. 

In addition, we do not have backup systems or contingency plans for certain critical aspects of our operations or business processes, many other systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery
or business continuity planning may not be sufficient. Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, electronic intrusion attempts from both external and
internal sources and similar events or disruptions may damage or impact or interrupt computer or communications systems or business processes at any time. Although we have put measures in place to protect certain portions of our facilities and
assets, any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing services to our travelers and/or third parties for a significant period of time. Remediation may be costly and we may
not have adequate insurance to cover such costs. Moreover, the costs of enhancing infrastructure to attain improved stability and redundancy may be time consuming and expensive and may require resources and expertise that are difficult to obtain.

Mr. Diller currently controls Expedia. If Mr. Diller ceases to control the company, Liberty Media Corporation may
effectively control the company. 

Subject to the terms of a Stockholders Agreement between Mr. Diller and Liberty
Media Corporation, Mr. Diller holds an irrevocable proxy to vote shares of Expedia stock held by Liberty. Accordingly, Mr. Diller effectively controls the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote or for the consent of our stockholders
(other than with respect to the election by the holders of common stock of 25% of the members of the Board of Directors and matters as to which Delaware law requires a separate class vote). Upon Mr. Diller’s permanent departure from
Expedia, the irrevocable proxy would terminate and depending on the capitalization of Expedia at such time, Liberty could effectively control the voting power of our capital stock. Mr. Diller, through shares he owns beneficially as well as
those subject to the irrevocable proxy, controlled approximately 61% of the combined voting power of the outstanding Expedia capital stock as of December 31, 2010. 

In addition, under a Governance Agreement among Mr. Diller, Liberty Media Corporation and Expedia, Inc., as amended, each of Mr. Diller and Liberty generally has the right to consent to limited
matters in the event that we incur debt such that our ratio of total debt to EBITDA, as defined in the Governance Agreement, equals 

18 

Table of Contents

or exceeds 8:1 over a continuous 12-month period. We cannot assure you that Mr. Diller and Liberty will consent to any such matter at a time when we are highly leveraged, in which case we
would not be able to engage in such transactions or take such actions. 

As a result of Mr. Diller’s ownership
interests and voting power, and Liberty’s ownership interests and voting power upon Mr. Diller’s permanent departure from us, Mr. Diller is currently, and in the future Liberty may be, in a position to control or influence
significant corporate actions, including, corporate transactions such as mergers, business combinations or dispositions of assets and determinations with respect to our significant business direction and policies. This concentrated control could
discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to us. 

Actual or potential conflicts of interest may develop between Expedia management and directors, on the one hand, and the management and directors of IAC, on the other. 

Mr. Diller serves as our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Senior Executive, while retaining his role as Chairman of the Board
of Directors and Senior Executive of IAC, and Mr. Kaufman serves as Vice Chairman of both Expedia and IAC. The fact that Messrs. Diller and Kaufman hold positions with both companies and own both IAC and Expedia stock could create, or
appear to create, potential conflicts of interest for each of Messrs. Diller and Kaufman when facing decisions that may affect both IAC and Expedia. Both Messrs. Diller and Kaufman may also face conflicts of interest with regard to the
allocation of their time between IAC and Expedia. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that no officer or director of
Expedia who is also an officer or director of IAC will be liable to Expedia or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity to IAC instead of Expedia, or does not
communicate information regarding a corporate opportunity to Expedia because the officer or director has directed the corporate opportunity to IAC. This corporate opportunity provision may have the effect of exacerbating the risk of conflicts of
interest between IAC and Expedia because the provision effectively shields an overlapping director/executive officer from liability for breach of fiduciary duty in the event that such director or officer chooses to direct a corporate opportunity to
IAC instead of Expedia. 

We rely on third-parties for many systems and services. 

We rely on third-party service providers for certain customer care, fulfillment, processing, systems development, technology and other
services. If these third-parties experience difficulty meeting our requirements or standards, it could damage our reputation or make it difficult for us to operate some aspects of our business. In addition, if such third-party service providers were
to cease operations, temporarily or permanently, face financial distress or other business disruption, we could suffer increased costs and delays in our ability to provide similar services until an equivalent service provider could be found or we
could develop replacement technology or operations. In addition, we rely increasingly on outsourced providers of traveler care and information technology services. If we are unsuccessful in choosing high quality partners or we ineffectively manage
these partners, it could have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance. 

We have significant long-term
indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

As of December 31, 2010, the face
value of our long-term indebtedness totaled $1.6 billion. Risks relating to our long-term indebtedness include: 

•

 Increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to
fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 Making it difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our businesses; 

•

 Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate; 

19 

Table of Contents

•

 Possible refinancing risk if certain of our senior note issues are put by holders in 2013; 

•

 Placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

•

 Limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms we find acceptable. 

In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. The terms
of our credit facility and the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. 

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants that limit our discretion in the operation of our business and also
require us to meet financial maintenance tests and other covenants. The failure to comply with such tests and covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants, including those that restrict our ability to, among other things: 

•

 Borrow money, and guarantee or provide other support for indebtedness of third parties including guarantees; 

•

 Pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; 

•

 Make investments in entities that we do not control, including joint ventures; 

•

 Enter into certain asset sale transactions, including partial or full spin-off transactions; 

•

 Enter into secured financing arrangements; 

•

 Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and 

•

 Enter into unrelated businesses. 

These covenants may limit our ability to effectively operate our businesses or maximize stockholder value. 

In addition, our credit facility requires that we meet certain financial tests, including an interest coverage test and a leverage ratio test. 

Any failure to comply with the restrictions of our credit facility or any agreement governing our other indebtedness may result in an
event of default under those agreements. Such default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which acceleration may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt. In addition, lenders may be able to terminate
any commitments they had made to supply us with further funds (including periodic rollovers of existing borrowings). 

We
have foreign exchange risk. 

We conduct a significant and growing portion of our business outside the United States. As a
result, we face exposure to movements in currency exchange rates, particularly those related to the euro, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Chinese renminbi. 

These exposures include but are not limited to re-measurement gains and losses from changes in the value of foreign denominated assets and
liabilities; translation gains and losses on foreign subsidiary financial results that are translated into U.S. dollars upon consolidation; fluctuations in merchant hotel revenue due to relative currency movements from the time of booking to
the time of stay; planning risk related to changes in exchange rates between the time we prepare our annual and quarterly forecasts and when actual results occur; and the impact of relative exchange rate movements on cross-border travel such as from
Europe to the United States and the United States to Europe. 

Depending on the size of the exposures and the relative
movements of exchange rates, if we choose not to hedge or fail to hedge effectively our exposure, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial 

20 

Table of Contents

statements and financial condition. As we have seen in some recent periods, in the event of severe volatility in exchange rates these exposures can increase, and the impact on our results of
operations can be more pronounced. In addition, the current environment, and the increasingly global nature of our business has made hedging these exposures both more complex and costly. We have increased and plan to continue increasing the scope,
complexity and duration of our foreign exchange risk management, including the use of forward contracts to hedge a portion of our exposures. We make a number of estimates in conducting hedging activities including in some cases the level of future
bookings, cancellations, refunds, customer stay patterns and payments in foreign currencies. In the event those estimates differ significantly from actual results, we could experience greater volatility as a result of our hedging activities.

We are exposed to various counterparty risks. 

We are exposed to the risk of failure to perform by various financial counterparties, including for our insurance coverages, investments, bank deposits, letters of credit and foreign exchange risk
management. As it relates to foreign exchange, we employ forward contracts to hedge a portion of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. As of December 31, 2010, we were party to forward contracts with a notional value of
approximately $96 million and the fair value of which was approximately $1.4 million. The counterparties to these contracts were JPMorgan Chase, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland, Banc of America, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Royal Bank of Canada and
BNP Paribas. Upon the maturity of these or subsequent contracts, the counterparties are potentially obligated to pay us net settlement values. If any of these counterparties were to liquidate, declare bankruptcy or otherwise cease operations, it may
not be able to satisfy its obligations under these forward contracts. In addition, due to the weakening economy we also face increased credit risk and payment delays from our non-financial contract counterparties. 

Our processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation,
conflicting legal requirements, differing views of personal privacy rights, or data security breaches. 

In the processing
of our traveler transactions, we receive and store a large volume of personally identifiable information and we rely on information collected online for purposes of advertising to visitors to our websites. This information is increasingly subject to
legislation, regulations and industry policies in numerous jurisdictions around the world. These requirements and restrictions are not necessarily consistently applied. This government and industry action is typically intended to protect the privacy
and security of information that is collected, processed and transmitted in or from the governing jurisdiction. We could be adversely affected if legislation, regulations or other requirements are expanded to require changes in our current business
practices or if governing jurisdictions or industry groups interpret or implement their requirements in ways that negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As privacy and data protection have become more
sensitive issues for regulators and consumers, we may also become exposed to potential liabilities as a result of differing views on the protections that should apply to travel and/or online data. 

We cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent data breaches. In addition, certain of our acquired companies may not have the
same standards related to data collection, storage and transfer that Expedia has historically maintained. Failure to improve their standards or a substantial data breach in any of our businesses could significantly harm our business, damage our
reputation, expose us to a risk of loss or litigation and possible liability and/or cause customers and potential customers to lose confidence in our security, which would have a negative effect on the value of our brands. 

These and other privacy and security developments that are difficult to anticipate could adversely affect our business and financial
performance. 

Acquisitions could result in operating and financial difficulties. 

Our future growth may depend, in part, on acquisitions. To the extent that we grow through acquisitions, we will face the operational and
financial risks that commonly accompany that strategy. We would also face operational risks, such as failing to assimilate the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses, disrupting their ongoing businesses, increased complexity of our
business, impairing management resources and their 

21 

Table of Contents

relationships with employees and travelers as a result of changes in their ownership and management. Further, the evaluation and negotiation of potential acquisitions, as well as the integration
of an acquired business, may divert management time and other resources. Some acquisitions may not be successful and their performance may result in the impairment of their carrying value. 

Certain financial and operational risks related to acquisitions that may have a material impact on our business are: 

•

 Use of cash resources and incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities in funding acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including
stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; 

•

 Amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets and other adverse accounting consequences; 

•

 Costs incurred in identifying and performing due diligence on potential acquisition targets that may or may not be successful;

•

 Difficulties and expenses in assimilating the operations, products, technology, privacy protection systems, information systems or personnel of the
acquired company; 

•

 Impairment of relationships with employees, suppliers and affiliates of our business and the acquired business; 

•

 The assumption of known and unknown debt and liabilities of the acquired company; 

•

 Failure to generate adequate returns on our acquisitions and investments; 

•

 Entrance into markets in which we have no direct prior experience; and 

•

 Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets arising from our acquisitions. 

We cannot be sure that our intellectual property is protected from copying or use by others, including potential competitors.

Our websites rely on content and technology intellectual property, much of which we regard as proprietary. We protect our
proprietary technology by relying on trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, patents and confidentiality agreements. In connection with our license agreements with third parties, we seek to control access to and distribution of our technology,
documentation and other proprietary information. Even with all of these precautions, it is possible for someone else to copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology or content without our authorization or to develop similar technology
independently. Effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our services are made available through the internet, and policing unauthorized use of our proprietary information is
difficult and expensive. We cannot be sure that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. This misappropriation could have a material adverse effect on our business. In the future, we may need to go to
court to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. This litigation might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management
attention. 

We currently license from third parties some of the technologies incorporated into our websites. As we continue to
introduce new services that incorporate new technologies, we may be required to license additional technology. We cannot be sure that such technology licenses will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

Part I. Item 1B.