You should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties associated with our company and the ownership of our
securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business and/or financial performance. 

We operate in an increasingly competitive global environment. 

The market
for the services we offer is increasingly and intensely competitive. We compete with both established and emerging online and traditional sellers of travel-related services, including online travel agencies, travel suppliers, large online portal and
search companies, traditional travel agencies, metasearch companies, travel content sites including traveler review sites, operators of travel industry reservation databases and private shopping websites. Some of our competitors, including travel
suppliers such as airlines and hotels, may offer products and services on more favorable terms, including lower prices, no fees or unique access to proprietary loyalty programs, such as points and miles. Many of these competitors, such as airlines,
hotel and rental car companies, have been steadily focusing on increasing online demand on their own websites in lieu of third-party distributors such as the various Expedia sites. For instance, some low cost airlines, which are having increasing
success in the marketplace, distribute their online supply exclusively through their own websites and several large hotel chains have combined to establish a single online hotels search platform with links directly to their own websites. Suppliers
who sell on their own websites, in some instances, offer advantages such as increased or exclusive product availability and their own bonus miles or loyalty points, which could make their offerings more attractive to consumers than ours. In recent
years, social media websites and mobile platforms have emerged and are growing significantly. We cannot be certain that we will be able to compete effectively on these or other new sites or platforms that may emerge. 

We face increasing competition from other online travel agencies, such as Priceline, Travelocity and Orbitz, which in some cases may have
more favorable offerings for both travelers and suppliers, including pricing and supply breadth. In particular, we have faced and are facing intense competition from Priceline subsidiaries, Booking.com and Agoda.com. We also compete with other
travel agencies for both travelers and the acquisition and retention of supply. Increasing competition from current and emerging competitors, the introduction of new technologies and the expansion of existing technologies, such as metasearch and
other search engine technologies, may force us to make changes to our business models, which could affect our financial performance and liquidity. Increased competition has resulted in and may continue to result in reduced margins, as well as loss
of travelers, transactions and brand recognition. 

We also face increasing competition from search engines like Google, Bing
and Yahoo! Search. To the extent that Google, Bing or other leading search or metasearch engines that have a significant presence in our key markets disintermediate online travel agencies or travel content providers by offering comprehensive travel
planning or shopping capabilities, or increasingly refer those leads to suppliers directly, or to other favored partners, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. For example, during 2011 Google completed
its acquisition of flight search technology company ITA Software and launched a new beta product called Google Flights, in which OTA results are not included, and separately made changes to its hotel search results, including both expanding and
promoting the use of Google Places. To the extent these actions have a negative effect on our search traffic, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

In addition, our websites compete for advertising revenue with these search engines, as well as with large internet portal sites that
offer advertising opportunities for travel-related companies. Several of these competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and large client bases. We expect to face additional competition as other
established and emerging companies enter the online advertising market. Competition could result in higher traffic acquisitions costs, reduced margins on our advertising services, loss of market share, reduced customer traffic to our websites and
reduced advertising by travel companies on our websites. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
against any current, emerging and future competitors or provide differentiated products and services to our traveler base. 

Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

Our business and financial performance are affected by the health of the worldwide travel industry. Travel expenditures are sensitive to
personal and business-related discretionary spending levels and tend to decline or grow more slowly during economic downturns. Decreased travel expenditures could reduce the demand for our services, thereby causing a reduction in revenue.

Beginning in 2008, domestic and global economic conditions deteriorated rapidly resulting in increased unemployment and a
reduction in available budgets for both business and leisure travelers, which slowed spending on the services we provide and had a negative impact on our revenue growth. Further economic weakness and uncertainty may result in significantly decreased
spending on our services by both business and leisure travelers, which may have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. 

9 

Table of Contents

Our business is also sensitive to fluctuations in hotel occupancy and average daily rates,
decreases in airline capacity or periodically rising airline ticket prices, all of which we have recently experienced. Events specific to the air travel industry that could negatively affect our business also include fare increases, continued
carrier consolidation, reduced access to discount airfares, seat capacity constraints, travel-related strikes or labor unrest, bankruptcies or liquidations and increases in fuel prices. Additionally, our business is sensitive to safety concerns, and
thus our business has in the past and may in the future decline after incidents of actual or threatened terrorism, during periods of political instability or geopolitical conflict in which travelers become concerned about safety issues, as a result
of natural disasters or events such as severe weather conditions, volcanic eruptions, hurricanes or earthquakes or when travel might involve health-related risks, such as the H1N1 and avian flu outbreaks. Such concerns could result in a protracted
decrease in demand for our travel services. This decrease in demand, depending on its scope and duration, together with any future issues affecting travel safety, could significantly and adversely affect our business, working capital and financial
performance over the short and long-term. In addition, the disruption of the existing travel plans of a significant number of travelers upon the occurrence of certain events, such as severe weather conditions, actual or threatened terrorist activity
or war, could result in the incurrence of significant additional costs and constrained liquidity if we, as we have done historically in the case of severe weather conditions, provide relief to affected travelers by refunding the price or fees
associated with airline tickets, hotel reservations and other travel products and services. 

Our business depends on our
relationships with travel suppliers and travel distribution partners. 

An important component of our business success
depends on our ability to maintain and expand relationships with travel suppliers and GDS partners. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from compensation negotiated with travel suppliers and GDS partners for bookings made through our
websites. Over the last several years, air and hotel travel suppliers have generally reduced, and in some cases eliminated, payments to travel agents and other travel intermediaries. In addition, our hotel remuneration varies with the room rates
paid by travelers (Average Daily Rates, or “ADRs”), meaning that our revenue for each room will generally be proportionately higher or lower depending on the level of the ADR. For example, the significant decline in ADRs, which began in
late 2008 and continued through 2009, negatively impacted our hotel booking revenue. In addition, ADRs on our websites generally declined faster than in the overall travel industry due to a number of factors including the increased use of our
distribution channels for promotional activities by hotels. To the extent ADRs decline in the future, our hotel booking revenue may be negatively impacted. 

Also, each year we typically negotiate or renegotiate numerous long-term airline and hotel contracts. No assurances can be given that travel suppliers or GDS partners will not further reduce or eliminate
compensation, attempt to implement multiple costly direct connections, charge travel agencies for or otherwise restrict access to content, credit card fees or other services, or further reduce their ADRs, any of which could reduce our revenue and
margins thereby adversely affecting our business and financial performance. For example, a number of airlines now charge separately for checked baggage, food, beverages and other services. GDSs currently have limited technology to incorporate these
elements into our product selection, impacting our product display and comparability with the airlines own sites or other channels that show this content detail. In late 2010, American Airlines began to pursue a new distribution strategy requiring
online travel agents to agree to connect directly to American Airlines’ systems, rather than through GDSs, and our contract with American Airlines expired without renewal resulting in American Airlines’ fares being temporarily removed from
our leisure travel sites. American Airlines tickets were placed back on the sites in April 2011, and Expedia and American Airlines have entered into a new agreement. If other airlines pursue a similar distribution strategy, it could reduce our
access to air inventory, reduce our compensation, result in additional operating expenses related to the development, implementation and maintenance of the necessary technology systems, increase the frequency or duration of system problems and delay
other projects. 

We rely on the value of our brands, and the costs of maintaining and enhancing our brand awareness are
increasing. 

We invest considerable financial and human resources in our brands in order to retain and expand our customer
base. We expect that the cost of maintaining and enhancing our brands will increase due to a variety of factors, including increased spending from our competitors, the increasing costs of supporting multiple brands and the impact of competition
among our multiple brands, expansion into geographies and products where our brands are less well known, inflation in media pricing including search engine keywords and the continued emergence and relative traffic share growth of search engines and
metasearch engines as destination sites for travelers. Our efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands may not be successful, and, even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective, or as
efficient as they have been historically. Moreover, successful branding efforts with respect to some brands within the Expedia portfolio have in the past and may in the future negatively impact growth rates of other brands within our portfolio. If
we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brands and generate demand in a cost-effective manner, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

We rely on information technology to operate our businesses and maintain our competitiveness, and any failure to adapt to
technological developments or industry trends could harm our business. 

We depend on the use of sophisticated information
technologies and systems, including technology and systems used for reservations, communications, procurement and administration. As our operations grow in both size and scope, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure
to offer an increasing number of travelers enhanced products, services, features 

10 

Table of Contents

and functionality, while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure. Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our services and
infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our service in response to competitive service and product offerings. The emergence of alternative platforms
such as mobile and tablet computing devices and the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize products, services or strategies for such platforms will require new investment in technology. New developments in other areas, such as
cloud computing, could also make it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front technology costs. 

In
addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. We have been engaged in a multi-year effort, which we expect to continue
for several more years, to migrate key portions of our site functionality to new technology platforms to enable us to improve conversion, introduce innovation more rapidly, achieve better search engine optimization and improve our site merchandising
and transaction processing capabilities, among other anticipated benefits. These migrations have been in the past, and may continue to be in the future, more time consuming and expensive than originally anticipated, and the resources devoted to
those efforts have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our ability to develop new site innovations. In addition, during the migration process the sites may experience reduced functionality and decreases in conversion rates.
Also, we may be unable to devote financial resources to new technologies and systems in the future. Overall, these implementations and systems enhancements may not achieve the desired results in a timely manner, to the extent anticipated, or at all.
If any of these events occur, our business and financial performance could suffer. 

Our business could be negatively
affected by changes in search engine algorithms and dynamics or other traffic-generating arrangements. 

We increasingly
utilize internet search engines such as Google, principally through the purchase of travel-related keywords, to generate traffic to our websites. Search engines, including Google, frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement
and display of results of a user’s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our websites can be negatively affected. In addition, a significant amount of traffic is directed to our websites through our participation
in pay-per-click and display advertising campaigns on internet media properties, including TripAdvisor, and search engines. Pricing and operating dynamics for these traffic sources can experience rapid change, both technically and competitively.
Moreover, a search engine could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms or results causing a website to place lower in search query results. If a major search engine changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects
the search engine ranking, paid or unpaid, of our websites or that of our third-party distribution partners, or if competitive dynamics impact the costs or effectiveness of search engine optimization, search engine marketing or other
traffic-generating arrangements in a negative manner, our business and financial performance would be adversely affected, potentially to a material extent. 

Our international operations involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our business expands globally. 

We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the United States and intend to continue to expand our international presence. To
achieve widespread acceptance as we enter countries and markets that are new to us, we must continue to tailor our services and business model to the unique circumstances of such countries and markets, which can be difficult, costly and divert
management and personnel resources. Our failure to adapt our practices and models effectively to the traveler and supplier preferences of each country into which we expand could slow our international growth. 

We are subject to particular risks and uncertainties relating to our operations in China, which are primarily through eLong, an online
transactional travel business. The success of this business and of any future investments we make in China is subject to risks and uncertainties regarding the application, development and interpretation of China’s laws and regulations.
Significant uncertainties exist regarding the interpretation and enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations including permits and license requirements, and such uncertainties could limit the available legal protections relating to our investments.
Moreover, we cannot predict the effect of future developments in China’s legal system, particularly with respect to the travel industry, the internet and online commerce, media, foreign investment, taxation, labor, and currency exchange and
regulation, including the introduction of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement of current or future laws and regulations. In addition, the laws and regulations of China restrict foreign investment in areas
including air-ticketing, travel agency, internet content provision, mobile communication and related businesses. Although we have established effective control through a series of agreements between the companies in which our Chinese investments are
held and their affiliated Chinese entities, future developments in the interpretation or enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations or a dispute relating to these agreements could restrict our ability to operate or restructure these entities or to
engage in strategic transactions. Capitalization of our Chinese entities is also subject to extensive government oversight and regulation and there can be no assurance that we can provide adequate financing for these entities. Finally, China does
not have treaties with the United States or most other western countries providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts. As a result, court judgments obtained in jurisdictions with which China does not have
treaties on reciprocal recognition of judgment may be difficult or impossible to enforce in China. 

Other risks we face as a
result of our international operations include: 

•

 Political instability; 

•

 Threatened or actual acts of terrorism; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 Regulatory requirements, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and U.K. Bribery Act, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition
regulations; 

•

 Our ability to comply with additional U.S. laws applicable to U.S. companies operating internationally as well as local laws and regulations;

•

 Diminished ability to legally enforce our contractual rights; 

•

 Increased risk and limits on our ability to enforce intellectual property rights; 

•

 Possible preferences by local populations for local providers; 

•

 Restrictions on, or adverse consequences related to, the withdrawal of non-U.S. investment and earnings; 

•

 Currency exchange restrictions; 

•

 Restrictions on our ability to repatriate cash as well as restrictions on our ability to invest in our operations in certain countries;

•

 Exchange rate fluctuations and the risks and costs inherent in hedging such exposures; 

•

 Financial risk arising from transactions in multiple currencies; 

•

 Slower adoption of the internet as an advertising, broadcast and commerce medium in those markets as compared to the United States;

•

 Difficulties in managing staffing and operations due to distance, time zones, language and cultural differences; and 

•

 Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of precedent.

We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key
personnel or hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business would be harmed. 

Our performance is largely
dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. In particular, the
contributions of Barry Diller, our Chairman and Senior Executive, and Dara Khosrowshahi, our Chief Executive Officer, are critical to the overall management of the company. Our future success will depend on the performance of our senior management
and key employees. Expedia cannot ensure that it will be able to retain the services of Mr. Diller, Mr. Khosrowshahi or any other member of our senior management or key employees, the loss of whom could seriously harm our business.
Competition for well-qualified employees in certain aspects of our business, including software engineers, developers, product management personnel, development personnel, and other technology professionals, also remains intense. 

Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing
employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining or motivating existing employees, our business would be adversely affected. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. 

We have in the past and may again in the future, restructure portions of our global workforce to simplify and streamline our
organization, improve our cost structure and strengthen our overall businesses. These changes could affect employee morale and productivity and be disruptive to our business and financial performance. 

Our stock price is highly volatile. 

The market price of our common stock is highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as the following, some of which are beyond our control:

•

 Quarterly variations in our operating results; 

•

 Operating results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors, including failure to deliver returns on technology investments;

•

 Changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;

•

 Rating agency credit rating actions; 

•

 Reaction to our earnings releases and conference calls, or presentations by executives at investor and industry conferences;

•

 Changes in our capital structure; 

•

 Changes in market valuations of other internet or online service companies; 

•

 Changes in search industry dynamics, such as key word pricing and traffic, which may be more pronounced without the offsetting benefits enjoyed by our
former TripAdvisor businesses; 

•

 Announcements of dividends or changes in the amount or frequency of our dividends; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

 Announcements of technological innovations or new services by us or our competitors; 

•

 Announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;

•

 Loss of a major travel supplier, such as an airline or hotel chain; 

•

 Changes in the status of our intellectual property rights; 

•

 Lack of success in the expansion of our business model geographically; 

•

 Announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us or adverse developments in pending proceedings;

•

 Additions or departures of key personnel; 

•

 Rumors or public speculation about any of the above factors; and 

•

 Price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets in general. 

Volatility in our stock price could also make us less attractive to certain investors, and/or invite speculative trading in our common
stock or debt instruments. 

We may experience constraints in our liquidity and may be unable to access capital when
necessary or desirable, either of which could harm our financial position. 

We are accumulating a greater portion of our
cash flows in foreign jurisdictions than previously and any repatriation of such funds for use in the United States, including for corporate purposes such as acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends or debt refinancings, would likely result in
additional U.S. income tax expense. In addition, the spin-off of TripAdvisor has reduced our overall ability to generate annual cash flow in the future. Moreover, we have experienced, and may experience in the future, declines in seasonal liquidity
and capital provided by our merchant hotel business, which has historically provided a meaningful portion of our operating cash flow and will likely provide a more significant portion of our operating cash flow following the spin-off of TripAdvisor.
The extent of such impact is dependent on several factors, including the rate of growth of our merchant hotel business and the relative growth of businesses which consume rather than generate working capital, such as our agency hotel, advertising
and managed corporate travel businesses and payment terms with suppliers. We also continue to evaluate the use of the agency model versus the merchant model in each of our markets and any change in our relative use of the agency model could have a
materially adverse impact on our working capital and liquidity position. 

The availability of funds depends in significant
measure on capital markets and liquidity factors over which we exert no control. In light of periodic uncertainty in the capital and credit markets, we can provide no assurance that sufficient financing will be available on desirable or even any
terms to fund investments, acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends, debt refinancing or extraordinary actions or that our counterparties in any such financings would honor their contractual commitments. In addition, any downgrade of our debt
ratings by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investor Service or similar ratings agencies, increases in general interest rate levels and credit spreads or overall weakening in the credit markets could increase our cost of capital.

Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties may adversely affect our business or financial performance.

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or interpretations of
existing laws, rules and regulations or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our businesses, including those relating to the internet and online commerce, internet advertising, consumer protection and privacy.
Unfavorable changes could decrease demand for products and services, limit marketing methods and capabilities, increase costs and/or subject us to additional liabilities. 

For example, there is, and will likely continue to be, an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the internet and online commerce that may relate to liability for information retrieved
from or transmitted over the internet, online editorial and user-generated content, user privacy, behavioral targeting and online advertising, taxation, liability for third-party activities and the quality of products and services. Furthermore, the
growth and development of online commerce may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws and more aggressive enforcement efforts, which may impose additional burdens on online businesses generally. In addition, the promulgation of new
laws, rules and regulations that restrict or otherwise unfavorably impact the ability or manner in which we provide primary ticketing and ticket resale services would require us to change certain aspects of our business, operations and client
relationships to ensure compliance, which could decrease demand for services, reduce revenues, increase costs and/or subject the company to additional liabilities. 

Adverse application of existing tax or unclaimed property laws, rules or regulations or implementation of new unfavorable laws, rules or regulations, could have an adverse effect on our business and
financial performance. 

The application of various domestic and international sales, use, occupancy, value-added, payroll
and other tax or unclaimed property laws, rules and regulations to our historical and new products and services is subject to interpretation by the applicable authorities. Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose these taxes and
other obligations were established before the growth of the internet and e-commerce. If the tax or other laws, rules and regulations were amended, if new unfavorable laws, rules or 

13 

Table of Contents

regulations were adopted, as has recently occurred in certain jurisdictions, or if current laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, particularly with respect to occupancy or value-added
taxes or unclaimed property, the results could increase our tax payments or other obligations (prospectively or retrospectively) and/or subject us to interest and/or penalties and decrease the demand for our products and services if we pass on such
costs to the consumer. As a result, these changes could have an adverse affect on our businesses or financial performance. 

A
number of authorities have brought lawsuits and have levied assessments asserting that we are required to collect and remit hotel occupancy taxes. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future be required in certain jurisdictions to pay tax
assessments, which may be substantial, prior to contesting the validity of such assessments. This requirement is commonly referred to as “pay-to-play.” Payment of these amounts is not an admission that the taxpayer believes it is subject
to such taxes. We continue to work with relevant tax authorities and legislators to clarify our obligations under existing, new and emerging laws and regulations. 

Our failure to comply with existing laws, rules and regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Since our businesses sell airline tickets and provide related services to consumers through a number of different online and offline
channels, these businesses are subject to a wide variety of statutes, rules, regulations, policies and procedures in various jurisdictions in the United States and abroad, which are subject to change at any time. Our businesses are also subject to
laws, rules and regulations applicable to providers of primary ticketing and ticket resale services, which in some cases regulate the amount of transaction and other fees that they may be charged in connection with primary ticketing sales and/or the
ticket prices that may be charged in the case of ticket resale services, and new legislation of this nature is introduced from time to time in various (and is pending in certain) jurisdictions in which our businesses sell tickets and provide
services. The failure of our businesses to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines and/or proceedings against us by governmental agencies and/or consumers, which if material, could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

In addition, the application of various domestic and international sales, use,
value-added and other tax laws, rules and regulations to our historical and new products and services is subject to interpretation by applicable taxing authorities. While we believe that we are compliant with current tax provisions, taxing
authorities may take a contrary position and such positions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are involved in various legal proceedings and may experience unfavorable outcomes, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We are involved in various legal proceedings and claims involving property, personal injury, contract, alleged infringement of third-party
intellectual property rights and other claims, including, but not limited to, the legal proceedings described in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings. These matters may involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief that
might necessitate changes to our business or operations. The defense of these actions is and may continue to be both time consuming and expensive. If these legal proceedings were to result in unfavorable outcomes, it could have a material adverse
effect on our business and financial performance. 

Our effective tax rate is impacted by a number of factors that could
have a material impact on our financial results and could increase the volatility of those results. 

Due to the global
nature of our business, we are subject to income taxes in the United States and many different countries. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are
many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We regularly are under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially
different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit could have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made.

In addition, we earn an increasing portion of our income, and accumulate a greater portion of our cash flow, in foreign
jurisdictions. Any repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates and incremental cash tax payments. In addition, there have been proposals to amend U.S. tax laws that would significantly
impact the manner in which U.S. companies are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form any legislation will pass, if enacted, it could have a material adverse impact on our U.S. tax expense and our cash flows.

14 

Table of Contents

System interruption and the lack of redundancy in our information systems may harm our
businesses. 

We rely on computer systems to facilitate and process transactions. We have experienced and may in the future
experience system interruptions that make some or all of these systems unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties. Significant interruptions, outages or delays in our internal systems, or
systems of third parties that we rely upon including multiple co-location providers for data centers and network access, or deterioration in the performance of such systems, would impair our ability to process transactions and decrease our quality
of service that we can offer to our travelers. These interruptions could include security intrusions and attacks on our systems for fraud or service interruption (called “denial of service” or “bot” attacks). If we were to
experience frequent or persistent system failures, our reputation and brands could be harmed. 

In addition, we do not have
backup systems or contingency plans for certain critical aspects of our operations or business processes, many other systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery or business continuity planning may not be sufficient. Fire, flood, power
loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, electronic intrusion attempts from both external and internal sources and similar events or disruptions may damage or impact or
interrupt computer or communications systems or business processes at any time. Although we have put measures in place to protect certain portions of our facilities and assets, any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of
critical data, and could prevent us from providing services to our travelers and/or third parties for a significant period of time. Remediation may be costly and we may not have adequate insurance to cover such costs. Moreover, the costs of
enhancing infrastructure to attain improved stability and redundancy may be time consuming and expensive and may require resources and expertise that are difficult to obtain. 

Provisions in certain credit card processing agreements could adversely affect our liquidity and financial positions. 

We have agreements with companies that process customer credit card transactions for the facilitation of customer bookings of travel services from our travel suppliers. These agreements allow these
processing companies, under certain conditions, to hold an amount of our cash (referred to as a “holdback”) or require us to post a letter of credit equal to a portion of bookings that have been processed by that company. These processing
companies may be entitled to a holdback upon the occurrence of specified events, including material adverse changes in our financial condition, or for certain companies, at their discretion. An imposition of a holdback by one or more of our
processing companies could materially reduce our liquidity. 

We may also be held liable for accepting fraudulent credit cards
on our websites for transactions where we are merchant of record as well as other payment disputes with our customers. Additionally, we are held liable for accepting fraudulent credit cards in certain retail transactions when we do not act as
merchant of record. Accordingly, we calculate and record an allowance for the resulting credit card charge backs. If we are unable to combat the use of fraudulent credit cards on our websites, our results of operations and financial positions could
be materially adversely affected. 

Mr. Diller currently controls Expedia. If Mr. Diller ceases to control the
company, Liberty Interactive Corporation may effectively control the company. 

Subject to the terms of a Stockholders
Agreement between Mr. Diller and Liberty Interactive Corporation, Mr. Diller holds an irrevocable proxy to vote shares of Expedia stock held by Liberty. Accordingly, Mr. Diller effectively controls the outcome of all matters submitted
to a vote or for the consent of our stockholders (other than with respect to the election by the holders of common stock of 25% of the members of our Board of Directors and matters as to which Delaware law requires a separate class vote). Upon
Mr. Diller’s permanent departure from Expedia, the irrevocable proxy would terminate and depending on the capitalization of Expedia at such time, Liberty could effectively control the voting power of our capital stock. Mr. Diller,
through shares he owns beneficially as well as those subject to the irrevocable proxy, controlled approximately 62% of the combined voting power of the outstanding Expedia capital stock as of December 31, 2011. 

In addition, under a Governance Agreement among Mr. Diller, Liberty Interactive Corporation and Expedia, Inc., as amended, each of
Mr. Diller and Liberty generally has the right to consent to limited matters in the event that we incur debt such that our ratio of total debt to EBITDA, as defined in the Governance Agreement, equals or exceeds 8:1 over a continuous 12-month
period. We cannot assure you that Mr. Diller and Liberty will consent to any such matter at a time when we are highly leveraged, in which case we would not be able to engage in such transactions or take such actions. 

As a result of Mr. Diller’s ownership interests and voting power, and Liberty’s ownership interests and voting power upon
Mr. Diller’s permanent departure from Expedia, Mr. Diller is currently, and in the future Liberty may be, in a position to control or influence significant corporate actions, including, corporate transactions such as mergers, business
combinations or dispositions of assets and determinations with respect to our significant business direction and policies. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control
transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to us. 

Actual or potential conflicts of interest may develop between Expedia
management and directors, on the one hand, and the management and directors of IAC or TripAdvisor, on the other. 

Mr. Diller serves as our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Senior Executive, while retaining his role as Chairman of the Board
of Directors and Senior Executive of IAC, and Mr. Kaufman serves as Vice Chairman of both Expedia and IAC. Also, upon the effectiveness of our spin-off of TripAdvisor, Mr. Diller assumed the role of Chairman of the Board and Senior
Executive of TripAdvisor, and Messrs. Kaufman and Khosrowshahi each became a director of TripAdvisor. The fact that Messrs. Diller and 

15 

Table of Contents

Kaufman, and Mr. Khosrowshahi with respect to TripAdvisor, hold positions with and securities of these companies could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest for them
when facing decisions that may affect both IAC and Expedia or both TripAdvisor and Expedia. They may also face conflicts of interest with regard to the allocation of their time between the companies. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that no officer or director of Expedia who is also an officer or director of IAC or of
TripAdvisor will be liable to Expedia or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity to IAC or TripAdvisor instead of Expedia, or does not communicate information
regarding a corporate opportunity to Expedia because the officer or director has directed the corporate opportunity to IAC or TripAdvisor. This corporate opportunity provision may have the effect of exacerbating the risk of conflicts of interest
between the companies because the provision effectively shields an overlapping director/executive officer from liability for breach of fiduciary duty in the event that such director or officer chooses to direct a corporate opportunity to IAC or
TripAdvisor instead of Expedia. 

We rely on third-parties for many systems and services. 

We rely on third-party service providers for certain customer care, fulfillment, processing, systems development, technology and other
services, including, increasingly, travel care and information technology services. If these third-parties experience difficulty meeting our requirements or standards, it could damage our reputation or make it difficult for us to operate some
aspects of our business. In addition, if such third-party service providers were to cease operations, temporarily or permanently, face financial distress or other business disruption, we could suffer increased costs and delays in our ability to
provide similar services until an equivalent service provider could be found or we could develop replacement technology or operations, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance. 

We are exposed to various counterparty risks. 

We are exposed to the risk that various counterparties, including financial entities, will fail to perform. This creates risk in a number of areas, including with respect to our insurance coverages,
investments, bank deposits, letters of credit and foreign exchange risk management. As it relates to deposits, as of December 31, 2011, we held time deposits of approximately $364 million at financial institutions including, Barclays, BNP
Paribas, National Australia Bank and Royal Bank of Scotland and majority-owned subsidiaries held time deposits of approximately $228 million. As it relates to foreign exchange, as of December 31, 2011, we were party to forward contracts with a
notional value of approximately $219 million, the fair value of which was approximately $1 million. The counterparties to these contracts were Banc of America, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Barclays, BNP Paribas, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Royal
Bank of Canada, Royal Bank of Scotland and US Bank. We employ forward contracts to hedge a portion of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. At the end of the deposit term or upon the maturity of the forward contracts, the
counterparties are obligated, or potentially obligated in the case of forward contracts, to return our funds or pay us net settlement values. If any of these counterparties were to liquidate, declare bankruptcy or otherwise cease operations, it may
not be able to satisfy its obligations under these time deposits or forward contracts. In addition, due to instability in the economy we also face increased credit risk and payment delays from our non-financial contract counterparties. 

We have significant long-term indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

As of December 31, 2011, the face value of our long-term indebtedness totaled $1.2 billion. Risks relating to our long-term
indebtedness include: 

•

 Increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to
fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 Making it difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our businesses; 

•

 Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate; 

•

 Possible refinancing risk if certain of our senior note issues are put by holders in 2013; 

•

 Placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

•

 Limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms we find acceptable. 

In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. The terms
of our credit facility and the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our discretion in the operation of our business is limited by certain factors, including
various covenants contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness; these covenants also require us to meet financial maintenance tests and other covenants. The failure to comply with such tests and covenants could have a material adverse
effect on us. 

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants, including those that restrict our
ability to, among other things: 

•

 Borrow money, and guarantee or provide other support for indebtedness of third parties including guarantees; 

•

 Pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; 

•

 Enter into certain asset sale transactions, including partial or full spin-off transactions; 

•

 Enter into secured financing arrangements; 

•

 Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and 

•

 Enter into unrelated businesses. 

These covenants may limit our ability to effectively operate our businesses. 

In
addition, our credit facility requires that we meet certain financial tests, including an interest coverage test and a leverage ratio test. 

Any failure to comply with the restrictions of our credit facility or any agreement governing our other indebtedness may result in an event of default under those agreements. Such default may allow the
creditors to accelerate the related debt, which acceleration may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt. In addition, lenders may be able to terminate any commitments they had made to supply us with further funds
(including periodic rollovers of existing borrowings). 

Our ability to engage in significant stock transactions could be
limited or restricted after our spin-off of TripAdvisor, Inc. in December 2011 in order to preserve the tax free nature of the spin-off to Expedia. Current U.S. federal income tax law limits our ability during the two-year period following the
spin-off to enter into certain transactions that might be advantageous to us and our stockholders, particularly issuing equity securities to satisfy financing needs, repurchasing equity securities, and, under certain limited circumstances, acquiring
businesses or assets with equity securities or agreeing to be acquired. 

We have foreign exchange risk. 

We conduct a significant and growing portion of our business outside the United States. As a result, we face exposure to movements in
currency exchange rates, particularly those related to the euro, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Chinese renminbi. 

These exposures include but are not limited to re-measurement gains and losses from changes in the value of foreign denominated assets and liabilities; translation gains and losses on foreign subsidiary
financial results that are translated into U.S. dollars upon consolidation; fluctuations in hotel revenue due to relative currency movements from the time of booking to the time of stay; planning risk related to changes in exchange rates
between the time we prepare our annual and quarterly forecasts and when actual results occur; and the impact of relative exchange rate movements on cross-border travel such as from Europe to the United States and the United States to Europe.

Depending on the size of the exposures and the relative movements of exchange rates, if we choose not to hedge or fail to
hedge effectively our exposure, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial statements and financial condition. As we have seen in some recent periods, in the event of severe volatility in exchange rates these exposures can
increase, and the impact on our results of operations can be more pronounced. In addition, the current environment and the increasingly global nature of our business have made hedging these exposures both more complex and costly. We have increased
and plan to continue increasing the scope, complexity and duration of our foreign exchange risk management, including the use of forward contracts to hedge a portion of our exposures. We make a number of estimates in conducting hedging activities
including in some cases the level of future bookings, cancellations, refunds, customer stay patterns and payments in foreign currencies. In the event those estimates differ significantly from actual results, we could experience greater volatility as
a result of our hedging activities. 

We process, store and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to
risks stemming from possible failure to comply with governmental regulation and other legal obligations and potential liability related to security breaches. 

We may acquire personal or confidential information from users of our websites and mobile applications. There are numerous laws regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and
protection of personal information and other consumer data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules. We strive to comply with all applicable laws,
policies, legal obligations and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection. It is possible, however, that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and
may conflict with other rules or the practices of the companies. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with the privacy policies, privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties, or privacy related legal obligations, or any
compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against the company by consumer
advocacy groups or others and could cause our customers and members to lose trust in the company, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

17 

Table of Contents

The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently in flux and is likely to
remain so for the foreseeable future. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the internet have recently come under increased public scrutiny. The U.S. Congress
and federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, are reviewing the need for greater regulation for the collection and use of information concerning consumer behavior on the internet, including regulation
aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising practices. U.S. courts are also considering the applicability of existing federal and state statutes, including computer trespass and wiretapping laws, to the collection and exchange of information
online. In addition, the European Union is in the process of proposing reforms to its existing data protection legal framework, which may result in a greater compliance burden for companies, including Expedia, with users in Europe and increased
costs of compliance. 

Potential security breaches to our systems, whether resulting from internal or external sources, could
significantly harm our business. There can be no guarantee that our existing security measures will prevent all possible security breaches or attacks. A party, whether internal or external, that is able to circumvent our security systems could
misappropriate user information or proprietary information or cause significant interruptions in our operations. In the past, we have experienced “denial-of-service” type attacks on our systems that have made portions of our websites
unavailable for short periods of time as well as unauthorized access of our systems and data. We may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches, and reductions in website
availability could cause a loss of substantial business volume during the occurrence of any such incident. Because the techniques used to sabotage security change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate
from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. Security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage to reputation, exposure to
risk of loss or litigation and possible liability due to regulatory penalties and sanctions. Security breaches could also cause travelers and potential users to lose confidence in our security, which would have a negative effect on the value of our
brands. Failure to adequately protect against attacks or intrusions, whether for their own systems or systems of vendors, could expose us to security breaches that could have an adverse impact on financial performance. 

Acquisitions and investments could result in operating and financial difficulties. 

We have acquired a number of businesses in the past, and our future growth may depend, in part, on future acquisitions, any of which could
be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Certain financial and operational risks related to acquisitions that may have a material impact on our business are: 

•

 Use of cash resources and incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities in funding acquisitions may limit other potential uses of our cash, including
stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; 

•

 Amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets and other adverse accounting consequences, including changes in fair value of contingent
consideration; 

•

 Expected and unexpected costs incurred in pursuing acquisitions, including identifying and performing due diligence on potential acquisition targets
that may or may not be successful; 

•

 Diversion of management’s attention or other resources from our existing businesses; 

•

 Difficulties and expenses in assimilating the operations, products, technology, privacy protection systems, information systems or personnel of the
acquired company; 

•

 Impairment of relationships with employees, suppliers and affiliates of our business and the acquired business; 

•

 The assumption of known and unknown debt and liabilities of the acquired company; 

•

 Failure of the acquired company to achieve anticipated traffic, revenues, earnings or cash flows or to retain key management or employees;

•

 Failure to generate adequate returns on our acquisitions and investments, or returns in excess of alternative uses of capital;

•

 Entrance into markets in which we have no direct prior experience and increased complexity in our business;

•

 Challenges relating to the structure of an investment, such as governance, accountability and decision-making conflicts that may arise in the context
of a joint venture;

•

 Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets such as trademarks or other intellectual property arising from our acquisitions; and

•

 Adverse market reaction to acquisitions.

Moreover, we rely heavily on the representations and warranties provided to us by the sellers of acquired companies, including as they relate to creation, ownership and rights in intellectual property and
compliance with laws and contractual requirements. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such
acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. 

18 

Table of Contents

We cannot be sure that our intellectual property is protected from copying or use by
others, including potential competitors. 

Our websites rely on content, brands and technology, much of which is
proprietary. We protect our intellectual property by relying on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, patents and confidentiality agreements. In connection with our license agreements with third parties, we seek to control
access to, and the use and distribution of, our proprietary information. Even with these precautions, it may be possible for another party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without our authorization or to develop similar
intellectual property independently. Effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection may not be available in every jurisdiction in which our services are made available, and policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property
is difficult and expensive. We cannot be sure that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation or infringement of intellectual property. Any misappropriation or violation of our rights could have a material adverse effect on our business.
Furthermore, we may need to go to court or other tribunals to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. These proceedings might result in
substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 

We currently license from third parties some of the
technologies, content and brands incorporated into our websites. As we continue to introduce new services that incorporate new technologies, content and brands, we may be required to license additional technology, content or brands. We cannot be
sure that such technology, content and brand licenses will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

Part I. Item 1B.