You should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties associated with our company and the ownership of our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or
that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business and/or financial performance. 

We operate in an increasingly competitive
global environment. 

The market for the services we offer is increasingly and intensely competitive. We compete with both
established and emerging online and traditional sellers of travel-related services, including: 

•

 online and traditional travel agencies, wholesalers and tour operators, 

•

 travel suppliers, including hotels and air, 

•

 large online portal and search websites, 

•

 travel metasearch websites, 

•

 corporate travel management service providers, 

•

 mobile platform travel applications, 

•

 social media websites, 

•

 eCommerce websites, group buying websites and peer-to-peer inventory sources. 

11 

Table of Contents

Online and traditional travel agencies: We face increasing competition from other
online travel agencies (“OTAs”) in many regions, such as The Priceline Group and its subsidiaries Booking.com and Agoda.com, Orbitz, and regional competitors such as Ctrip, which in some cases may have more favorable offerings for
travelers or suppliers, including pricing and supply breadth. We also compete with traditional travel agencies, wholesalers and tour operators for both travelers and the acquisition and retention of supply. 

Travel suppliers: Some of our competitors, including travel suppliers such as airlines and hotels, may offer products and services
on more favorable terms, including lower prices, no fees or unique access to proprietary loyalty programs, such as points and miles. Many of these competitors, such as airlines, hotel and rental car companies, have been steadily focusing on
increasing online demand on their own websites and mobile applications in lieu of third-party distributors such as the various Expedia sites. For instance, some low cost airlines, which are having increasing success in the marketplace, distribute
their online supply exclusively through their own websites and several large hotel chains have combined to establish a single online hotels search platform with links directly to their own websites and mobile applications. Suppliers who sell on
their own websites, in some instances, offer advantages such as increased or exclusive product availability, complimentary Wi-Fi, and their own bonus miles or loyalty points, which could make their offerings more attractive to consumers than ours.

Search engines: We also face increasing competition from search engines including Google, Bing and Yahoo! Search. To
the extent that these leading search engines that have a significant presence in our key markets disintermediate online travel agencies or travel content providers by offering comprehensive travel planning, shopping or booking capabilities, or
increasingly refer those leads directly to suppliers or other favored partners, increase the cost of traffic directed to our websites, or offer the ability to transact on their own website, there could be a material adverse impact on our business
and financial performance. For example, in recent years search engines have increased their focus on acquiring or launching flight and hotel search products that provide increasingly comprehensive travel planning content, comparable to OTAs. To the
extent these actions have a negative effect on our search traffic or the cost of acquiring such traffic, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

In addition, our websites, or websites in which we hold a significant ownership position, including trivago-branded websites, compete for advertising revenue with these search engines, as well as with
large internet portal sites that offer advertising opportunities for travel-related companies. Several of these competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources and large client bases than us. We expect to
face additional competition as other established and emerging companies enter the online advertising market. Competition could result in higher traffic acquisitions costs, reduced margins on our advertising services, loss of market share, reduced
customer traffic to our websites and reduced advertising by travel companies on our websites. 

Travel metasearch
engines: Travel metasearch websites, including Kayak.com (a subsidiary of Priceline), trivago (a majority-owned subsidiary of Expedia), TripAdvisor, and Qunar (a subsidiary of Baidu), aggregate travel search results for a specific itinerary
across supplier, travel agent and other websites. In addition, some metasearch sites have added or intend to add various forms of direct or assisted booking functionality to their sites in direct competition with certain of our brands. To the extent
metasearch websites limit our participation within their search results, or consumers utilize the metasearch website for travel services and bookings instead of ours, our traffic-generating arrangements could be affected in a negative manner, or we
may be required to increase our marketing costs to maintain market share, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, as a result of our acquisition of a majority ownership interest in
trivago, we also now compete more directly with other metasearch engines and content aggregators for advertising revenue. To the extent that trivago’s ability to aggregate travel search results for a specific itinerary across supplier, travel
agent and other websites is hampered, whether due to its affiliation with us or otherwise, trivago’s business and results of operations could be adversely affected and the value of our investment in trivago could be negatively impacted.

12 

Table of Contents

Corporate travel management service providers: Egencia, our full-service corporate
travel management company, competes with online and traditional corporate travel providers, including Carlson Wagonlit and American Express, as well as vendors of corporate travel and expense management software and services, including Concur. Some
of these competitors may have more financial resources, greater name recognition, well-established client bases, differentiated business models, or a broader global presence, which may make it difficult for us to retain or attract new corporate
travel clients. 

Mobile platform travel applications: Mobile platforms, including smartphones and tablet computers,
have rapidly emerged and continue to grow significantly. The emergence and improved functionality of mobile platforms has led to an increased use by consumers of standalone applications to research and book travel. If we are unable to offer
innovative, user-friendly, feature-rich mobile applications for our travel services, along with effective marketing and advertising, or if our mobile applications are not used by consumers, we could lose market share to existing competitors or new
entrants and our future growth and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Social media websites: Social
media websites, including Facebook, continue to develop search functionality for data included within their websites and mobile applications, which may in the future develop into an alternative research and booking resource for travelers, resulting
in additional competition. 

Other participants in the travel industry: Traditional consumer eCommerce websites, such as
Amazon, and group buying websites, such as Groupon, have been expanding their local offerings into the travel market by adding hotel offers to their sites. To the extent such websites continue to expand these services over time, it may create
additional competition. In addition, AirBnB, HomeAway, and similar websites facilitate the short-term rental of homes and apartments from owners, thereby providing an alternative to hotel rooms. The continued growth of peer-to-peer inventory sources
could affect the demand for our services in facilitating reservations at hotels. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to
compete successfully against any current, emerging and future competitors or on platforms that may emerge, or provide differentiated products and services to our traveler base. Increasing competition from current and emerging competitors, the
introduction of new technologies and the continued expansion of existing technologies, such as metasearch and other search engine technologies, may force us to make changes to our business models, which could affect our financial performance and
liquidity. In addition, competitive pressure is particularly acute in China, where we operate primarily through our majority-owned subsidiary, eLong. In an effort to compete effectively, eLong is increasing levels of investment in marketing, mobile
product, technology and supply development as well as engaging in discounting and couponing activity, which has had, and is expected to continue to have at increasing rates, an adverse effect on eLong’s financial condition and operating
results. 

In general, increased competition has resulted in and may continue to result in reduced margins, as well as loss of
travelers, transactions and brand recognition. 

The industry in which we operate is dynamic. 

We continue to adapt our business to remain competitive, including investing in emerging channels such as metasearch, developing products
for new platforms such as mobile, offering new consumer choices such as our ETP program, and increasing supplier inventory on our existing platforms through acquisitions and partnerships. If we fail to appropriately adapt to competitive or consumer
preference developments, our business could be adversely affected. Our attempts to adapt our current business models or practices or adopt new business models and practices in order to compete, may involve significant risks and uncertainties,
including distraction of management from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives, inadequate return on investments, difficulties and expenses associated with the integration of the inventory of acquired brands onto our
platforms, as well as limiting our ability to develop new site innovations. In addition, adaptations to our business may 

13 

Table of Contents

require significant investments, including changes to our financial systems and processes, which could significantly increase our costs and increase the risk of payment delays and/or non-payments
of amounts owed to us from our supplier partners and customers. In addition, these new initiatives may not be successful and may harm our financial condition and operating results. 

For example, during 2012, Expedia introduced the ETP program to hotel suppliers in the United States and Europe and subsequently
globally. ETP offers travelers the choice of whether to pay Expedia at the time of booking or pay the hotel at the time of stay. As part of the introduction of ETP, we reduced negotiated economics in certain instances to compensate for hotel supply
partners absorbing expenses such as credit card fees and customer service costs. Therefore, the global rollout of ETP has negatively impacted the margin of revenue we earn per booking and will continue to do so in the future. In addition, as we
continue to expand the breadth and depth of our global hotel offering and ETP, we have made and expect to continue to make adjustments to our economics in various geographies including changes based on local market conditions, which may negatively
impact the margin of revenue we earn in the future. Depending on relative supplier and traveler adoption rates and customer payment preferences, among other things, the expansion of ETP could continue to negatively impact our near term working
capital cash balances, cash flow over time and liquidity. 

Our business could be negatively affected by changes in search
engine algorithms and dynamics or other traffic-generating arrangements. 

We increasingly utilize internet search engines
such as Google, principally through the purchase of travel-related keywords, to generate a significant portion of the traffic to our websites and the websites of our affiliates. Search engines frequently update and change the logic that determines
the placement and display of results of a user’s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our websites and those of our affiliates can be negatively affected. In addition, a significant amount of traffic is directed
to our websites and those of our affiliates through participation in pay-per-click and display advertising campaigns on search engines, including Google, and travel metasearch engines, including Kayak and TripAdvisor. Pricing and operating dynamics
for these traffic sources can change rapidly, both technically and competitively. Moreover, a search or metasearch engine could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms or results causing a website to place lower in search
query results. If a major search engine changes its algorithms or results in a manner that negatively affects the search engine ranking, paid or unpaid, of our websites and the websites of our affiliates, or those of our third-party distribution
partners, or if competitive dynamics impact the costs or effectiveness of search engine optimization, search engine marketing or other traffic-generating arrangements in a negative manner, our business and financial performance would be adversely
affected, potentially to a material extent. In addition, certain metasearch companies have added or intend to add various forms of direct or assisted booking functionality to their sites. To the extent such functionality is promoted at the expense
of traditional paid listings, this may reduce the amount of traffic to our websites or those of our affiliates. 

Our
business depends on our relationships with travel suppliers and travel distribution partners. 

An important component of
our business success depends on our ability to maintain and expand relationships with travel suppliers and Global Distribution System partners. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from compensation negotiated with travel suppliers, in
particular hotel suppliers, and GDS partners for bookings made through our websites. Each year we typically negotiate or renegotiate numerous long-term hotel and airline contracts. No assurances can be given that travel suppliers or GDS partners
will not further reduce or eliminate compensation, attempt to implement costly direct connections, charge travel agencies for or otherwise restrict access to content, credit card fees or other services, further reduce their average daily rates
(“ADRs”) or decide not to make their travel inventory available to us, or provide accurate booking information, any of which could reduce our revenue and margins thereby adversely affecting our business and financial performance.

Historically, certain travel suppliers have and may continue to pursue distribution strategies that could reduce our access
to inventory, reduce our compensation, or result in additional operating expenses. In addition, a 

14 

Table of Contents

number of airlines charge for checked baggage, food, beverages and other services that GDSs are currently unable to provide to us, impacting our product display and comparability with the
airlines’ own sites or other channels that show this content detail. 

We rely on the value of our brands, and the
costs of maintaining and enhancing our brand awareness are increasing. 

We invest considerable financial and human
resources in our brands in order to retain and expand our customer base. We expect that the cost of maintaining and enhancing our brands will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including increased spending from our competitors,
promotional and discounting activities, the costs of customer loyalty programs, the increasing costs of supporting multiple brands and the impact of competition among our multiple brands, expansion into geographies and products where our brands are
less well known, inflation in media pricing including search engine keywords and the continued emergence and relative travel-related traffic share growth of search engines and metasearch engines. During 2014, certain online travel companies and
metasearch sites continued to expand their offline advertising campaigns globally, increasing competition for share of voice, and we expect this activity to continue in the future. We are also pursuing and expect to continue to pursue long-term
growth opportunities, particularly in China and certain other markets, which have had and may continue to have a negative impact on our overall marketing efficiency. 

Our efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands may not be successful, and, even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective, or as efficient
as they have been historically. Moreover, branding efforts with respect to some brands within the Expedia portfolio have in the past and may in the future result in marketing inefficiencies and negatively impact growth rates of other brands within
our portfolio. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brands and generate demand in a cost-effective manner, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

We rely on information technology to operate our businesses and maintain our competitiveness, and any failure to invest in and adapt
to technological developments and industry trends could harm our business. 

We depend on the use of sophisticated
information technologies and systems, including technology and systems used for website and mobile applications, reservations, customer service, supplier connectivity, communications, procurement, payments, fraud detection and administration. As our
operations grow in size, scope and complexity, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to offer an increasing number of travelers enhanced products, services, features and functionality, while maintaining or improving
the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure. 

Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our
services and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our service in response to competitive service and product offerings. The emergence of
alternative platforms such as smartphone and tablet computing devices and the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize products, services or strategies for such platforms have, and will continue to, require new and costly
investments in technology. We may not be successful, or less successful than our current or new competitors, in developing technology that operates effectively across multiple devices and platforms and that is appealing to consumers, either of which
would negatively impact our business and financial performance. New developments in other areas, such as cloud computing and software as service providers, could also make it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front
technology costs. In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. We have been engaged in a multi-year effort, to
migrate key portions of our consumer, affiliate, and corporate travel sites and back office application functionality to new technology platforms to enable us to improve conversion, innovate more rapidly, achieve better search engine optimization
and improve our site merchandising and transaction processing capabilities, among other anticipated benefits. These migrations have been in the past, and may continue to be in the future, more time consuming and expensive than originally
anticipated, and the resources devoted to those efforts have adversely affected, and may 

15 

Table of Contents

continue to adversely affect, our ability to develop new site innovations. In addition, during the migration process the sites may experience reduced functionality and decreases in conversion
rates. Also, we may be unable to devote financial resources to new technologies and systems, or enhancements to existing infrastructure, technologies and systems, in the future. Overall, these implementations and systems enhancements may not achieve
the desired results in a timely manner, to the extent anticipated, or at all. If any of these events occur, our business and financial performance could suffer. 

Acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangements could result in operating and financial difficulties. 

We have acquired, invested in or entered into significant commercial arrangements with a number of businesses in the past, and our future growth may depend, in part, on future acquisitions, investments or
significant commercial arrangements, any of which could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Certain financial and operational risks related to acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangements that may
have a material impact on our business are: 

•

 Use of cash resources and incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities in funding acquisitions, including with regard to future payment obligations in
connection with put/call rights, may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; 

•

 Amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets and other adverse accounting consequences, including changes in fair value of contingent
consideration; 

•

 Expected and unexpected costs incurred in pursuing acquisitions, including identifying and performing due diligence on potential acquisition targets
that may or may not be successful; 

•

 Diversion of management’s attention or other resources from our existing businesses; 

•

 Difficulties and expenses in assimilating the operations, products, technology, privacy protection systems, information systems or personnel of the
acquired company; 

•

 Impairment of relationships with employees, suppliers and affiliates of our business and the acquired business; 

•

 The assumption of known and unknown debt and liabilities of the acquired company; 

•

 Failure of the acquired company to achieve anticipated traffic, transactions, revenues, earnings or cash flows or to retain key management or
employees; 

•

 Failure to generate adequate returns on our acquisitions and investments, or returns in excess of alternative uses of capital;

•

 Entrance into markets in which we have no direct prior experience and increased complexity in our business; 

•

 Challenges relating to the structure of an investment, such as governance, accountability and decision-making conflicts that may arise in the context
of a joint venture or majority ownership investment; 

•

 Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets such as trademarks or other intellectual property arising from our acquisitions;

•

 Costs associated with litigation or other claims arising in connection with the acquired company; 

•

 Increased or unexpected costs or delays to obtain governmental approvals for acquisitions; 

•

 Increased competition amongst potential acquirers for acquisition targets could result in a material increase in the purchase price for such targets or
otherwise limit our ability to consummate acquisitions; and 

•

 Adverse market reaction to acquisitions or investments or failure to consummate such transactions. 

16 

Table of Contents

Moreover, we rely heavily on the representations and warranties and related indemnities
provided to us by the sellers of acquired companies, including as they relate to creation, ownership and rights in intellectual property and compliance with laws and contractual requirements. Our failure to address these risks or other problems
encountered in connection with past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. 

Our international operations involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our business expands globally.

A large and growing portion of our revenue is derived from our international operations. We operate in a number of
jurisdictions outside of the United States and intend to continue to expand our international presence. As we have expanded globally, our international (non-U.S.) revenue has increased from 39% in 2010 to 47% in 2014. In foreign jurisdictions, we
face complex, dynamic and varied risk landscapes. As we enter countries and markets that are new to us, we must tailor our services and business models to the unique circumstances of such countries and markets, which can be complex, difficult,
costly and divert management and personnel resources. Laws and business practices that favor local competitors or prohibit or limit foreign ownership of certain businesses or our failure to adapt our practices, systems, processes and business models
effectively to the traveler and supplier preferences of each country into which we expand, could slow our growth. For example, to compete in certain international markets we have in the past, and may in the future, adopt locally-preferred payment
methods, which has increased our costs and instances of fraud. Certain international markets in which we operate have lower margins than more mature markets, which could have a negative impact on our overall margins as our revenues from these
markets grow over time. 

We also earn an increasing portion of our income, and accumulate a greater portion of our cash flow,
in foreign jurisdictions. As a result, any repatriation of funds currently held by our subsidiaries in foreign jurisdictions may result in a higher effective tax rate and incremental cash tax payments. 

In addition to the risks outlined elsewhere in this section, our international operations are also subject to a number of other risks,
including: 

•

 Exposure to local economic or political instability and threatened or actual acts of terrorism; 

•

 Compliance with U.S. and Non-U.S. regulatory laws and requirements relating to anti-corruption, antitrust or competition, economic sanctions, data
content and privacy, consumer protection, labor laws and advertising and promotions; 

•

 Compliance with additional U.S. laws applicable to U.S. companies operating internationally; 

•

 Differences, inconsistent interpretations and changes in U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations, including international and local tax laws;

•

 Weaker enforcement of our contractual rights and intellectual property rights; 

•

 Lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment and fraud risk; 

•

 Longer payment cycles, and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

 Preferences by local populations for local providers; 

•

 Restrictions on, or adverse tax and other consequences related to repatriation of cash, the withdrawal of non-U.S. investments, cash balances and
earnings, as well as restrictions on our ability to invest in our operations in certain countries; 

•

 Currency exchange restrictions or costs and exchange rate fluctuations, and the risks and costs inherent in hedging such exposures;

•

 Financial risk arising from transactions in multiple currencies; 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 Slower adoption of the internet as an advertising, broadcast and commerce medium in those markets as compared to the United States;

•

 Our ability to support new technologies, including mobile devices, that may be more prevalent in international markets; 

•

 Difficulties in managing staffing and operations due to distance, time zones, language and cultural differences; and 

•

 Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of precedent.

We are subject to particular risks and uncertainties relating to our operations in China, which we conduct
primarily through eLong, which is a leading online travel service provider in China and is a separately listed company on Nasdaq. The success of eLong and of our other current and future business and investments in China is subject to commercial
risks relating to the highly dynamic and intensely competitive market in China, which has required that eLong increase their investments in advertising, marketing and resources to grow, or even maintain, market share and brand awareness. In addition
to aggressive sales and marketing efforts, eLong has in the past and may increasingly in the future invest heavily in headcount to support their mobile product, technology and supply development as well as engage in discounting and couponing
activity. eLong may not be able to successfully grow or maintain market share and brand awareness, and, even if they are successful, their efforts may not be cost-effective. As a result, eLong has in the past and may increasingly in the future incur
operating losses in China. 

Our business and investments in China are also subject to numerous risks and significant
uncertainties regarding the application, development and interpretation of China’s laws and regulations, which could limit the legal protections available to us. Moreover, we cannot predict the effect of future developments in China’s
legal system, including the introduction of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement of current or future laws and regulations in areas such as the travel industry, the internet and online commerce, foreign investment,
taxation, labor, and foreign currency exchange. In addition, Chinese law restricts foreign investment in areas including air-ticketing, travel agency, internet content provision and telecommunications, and requires certain licenses and permits
related to our business be held by legal entities owned by PRC citizens or Chinese-owned companies, rather than our subsidiaries. Although we have established effective control over such Chinese entities through a series of agreements, future
developments in the interpretation or enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations or a dispute relating to these agreements could adversely affect our control over, and the operations of, our businesses in China. Capitalization of our Chinese
entities is also subject to regulation and there can be no assurance that we can provide adequate financing for these entities or repatriate cash balances and investments. China also does not have treaties with the United States or most other
western countries providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of courts. As a result, court judgments obtained in jurisdictions with which China does not have such treaties may be difficult or impossible to enforce in
China. As we are the controlling shareholder of eLong, we may also be subject to legal or regulatory investigations or claims relating to any alleged improper conduct or violations of U.S. law, Nasdaq, or SEC regulations or other applicable law
or regulations by eLong, which may result in significant costs, fines or penalties being assessed against eLong and us. In 2014, an SEC administrative law judge issued an initial decision censuring certain Chinese audit firms, including eLong’s
external auditor, for failing to comply with document requests from the SEC, and suspended the firms from practicing before the SEC for six months. The firms in question have appealed the initial decision to the SEC, and the decision will not become
effective until the resolution of the appeal. In addition, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (or “PCAOB”) may choose to administer sanctions or take other actions against Chinese audit firms, including eLong’s auditor, due
to the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of audit firms in China. If Chinese audit firms, including eLong’s external auditor, are suspended or otherwise unable to practice before the SEC or maintain registration with the PCAOB,
eLong may be unable to meet the ongoing reporting requirements under the Exchange Act, which may ultimately result in eLong’s delisting from Nasdaq. 

18 

Table of Contents

A failure to comply with current laws, rules and regulations or changes to such laws,
rules and regulations and other legal uncertainties may adversely affect our business, financial performance, results of operations or business growth. 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing laws, rules and regulations or the promulgation of new laws, rules and
regulations applicable to us and our businesses, including those relating to travel licensing, the internet and online commerce, internet advertising and price display, consumer protection, anti-corruption, anti-trust and competition, economic and
trade sanctions, tax, banking, data security and privacy. As a result, regulatory authorities could prevent or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities or otherwise penalize us if our practices were found not to comply
with applicable regulatory or licensing requirements or any binding interpretation of such requirements. Unfavorable changes or interpretations could decrease demand for our products and services, limit marketing methods and capabilities, affect our
margins increase costs and/or subject us to additional liabilities. 

For example, there are, and will likely continue to be,
an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the internet and online commerce that may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet, display of certain taxes and fees, online editorial and
user-generated content, user privacy, behavioral targeting and online advertising, taxation, liability for third-party activities and the quality of products and services. Furthermore, the growth and development of online commerce may prompt calls
for more stringent consumer protection laws and more aggressive enforcement efforts, which may impose additional burdens on online businesses generally. 

Likewise, the SEC, Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and Office of Foreign Assets Controls (“OFAC”), as well as foreign regulatory authorities, have continued to increase the enforcement
of economic and trade regulations and anti-corruption laws, across industries. U.S. trade sanctions relate to transactions with designated foreign countries, including Cuba, Iran, Sudan and Syria, and nationals and others of those countries, as well
as certain specifically targeted individuals and entities. We believe that our activities comply with OFAC trade regulations and anti-corruption regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and the UK Bribery Act. As
regulations continue to evolve and regulatory oversight continues to increase, we cannot guarantee that our programs and policies will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. In the event our controls should fail or are found
to be out of compliance for other reasons, we could be subject to monetary damages, civil and criminal money penalties, litigation and damage to our reputation and the value of our brands. 

We also have been subject, and we will likely be subject in the future, to inquiries from time to time from regulatory bodies concerning
compliance with consumer protection, competition, tax and travel industry-specific laws and regulations. The failure of our businesses to comply with these laws and regulations could result in fines and/or proceedings against us by governmental
agencies and/or consumers, which if material, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if such laws and regulations are not enforced equally against other competitors in a particular market, our
compliance with such laws may put us a competitive disadvantage vis-à-vis competitors who do not comply with such requirements. 

The promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, or the new interpretation of existing laws, rules and regulations, in each case that restrict or otherwise unfavorably impact the ability or manner in
which we provide travel services could require us to change certain aspects of our business, operations and commercial relationships to ensure compliance, which could decrease demand for services, reduce revenues, increase costs and/or subject the
company to additional liabilities. 

For example, in July 2012, the United Kingdom Office of Fair Trading (“OFT”),
the competition authority in the United Kingdom, issued a Statement of Objections alleging that Expedia and Booking.com entered into separate agreements with InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (“IHG”) that restricted each online travel
company’s ability to discount the price of IHG hotel rooms. The OFT limited its investigation to a small number of companies, but has stated that the investigation is likely to have wider implications for the industry within the

19 

Table of Contents

United Kingdom. The parties have proposed to address the OFT’s concerns by offering commitments, which were accepted by the OFT, with no finding of fault or liability. Skyscanner Limited is
challenging the OFT’s decision. As a result, the Competition & Markets Authority (CMA), the United Kingdom’s competition authority, will be reviewing the decision of its predecessor body, the OFT. 

The Directorate General for Competition, Consumer Affairs and Repression of Fraud, a directorate of the French Ministry of Economy and
Finance with authority over unfair trading practices, also has brought a lawsuit in France against the Expedia entities objecting to certain most favored nations clauses in contracts with French hotels. This case is scheduled to go to trial in April
2015. In addition to the OFT investigation above, a number of competition authorities, such as those in Belgium, China, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Austria, Hungary, Sweden, Ireland, Denmark and Switzerland, have initiated sector
inquires or investigations into competitive practices within the hotel online booking sector and in particular in relation to most favored nations clauses and other contractual arrangements between hotels and online travel companies, including
Expedia. These investigations differ from the OFT investigation and also differ in relation to the parties involved and the precise nature of the concerns. We have engaged in discussions with certain relevant regulatory authorities regarding their
concerns. The outcomes of these inquiries or investigations or how our business may be affected is uncertain. If we are required to significantly modify or eliminate any most favored nation clauses in our arrangements with hotels, we may not be able
to offer our consumers with competitive pricing as being offered by other online travel companies. 

We note in this context
that on December 15, 2014, the competition authorities in France, Italy and Sweden announced a proposed set of commitments offered by Booking.com to resolve the most favored nations clause cases brought by these authorities against Booking.com.
The commitments offered by Booking.com are subject to a public comment period and are not currently final. In addition, the German Federal Cartel Office (“FCO”) has required another OTA, Hotel Reservation Service (“HRS”), to
remove its rate parity clause from its contracts with hotels. HRS appealed this decision, which the Higher Regional Court Düsseldorf rejected on January 9, 2015. If we are required to significantly modify or eliminate any most favored
nation clauses in our arrangements with hotels in Europe, this may materially and adversely affect our competitive position and business in affected European territories, for example by adversely affecting our ability to offer consumers making hotel
room bookings on our sites with the most competitive room rates available on other sites. 

We are unable at this time to
predict the timing or outcome of these various investigations and lawsuits or similar future investigations or lawsuits, and their impact, if any, on our business and results of operations. 

Furthermore, our future growth may be limited by anti-trust or competition laws. For example, our business has grown and continues to
expand, as a consequence our size and market share may negatively affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval of proposed acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangement, any of which could adversely affect our ability to grow
and compete. 

Application of existing tax laws, rules or regulations are subject to interpretation by taxing authorities.

The application of various domestic and international income and non-income tax laws, rules and regulations to our
historical and new products and services is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxing authorities. These taxing authorities have become more aggressive in their interpretation and/or enforcement of such laws, rules and regulations over
time, as governments are increasingly focused on ways to increase revenues. This has contributed to an increase in audit activity and harsher stances by tax authorities. As such, additional taxes or other assessments may be in excess of our current
tax provisions or may require us to modify our business practices to reduce our exposure to additional taxes going forward, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A number of taxing authorities have made inquiries, brought lawsuits and have levied assessments asserting that we are required to
collect and remit hotel occupancy or other taxes, including, but not limited to, the legal proceedings described in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings. We are also in various stages of inquiry or audit with

20 

Table of Contents

multiple European Union jurisdictions regarding the application of value added tax to our European Union transactions. While we believe we comply with applicable tax laws, rules and regulations
in the jurisdictions we operate, tax authorities may determine that we owe additional taxes. We have in the past and may in the future be required in certain domestic and foreign jurisdictions to pay any such tax assessments prior to contesting
their validity, which payments may be substantial. This requirement is commonly referred to as “pay-to-play.” Payment of these amounts is not an admission that the taxpayer believes it is subject to such taxes. For example, as a
pre-condition to challenging the assessments, on January 9, 2015, we paid $2.3 million under protest to the city of Portland, Oregon and Multnomah County, Oregon; during 2009, we paid $48 million under protest to the city of San Francisco and
an additional $25.5 million under protest on May 26, 2014 in connection with additional assessments; and during 2013, we paid $171 million to the state of Hawaii. The state of Hawaii has also issued additional assessments for general excise
tax, penalties and interest against Expedia, Hotels.com and Hotwire, including: an assessment of $20.5 million for 2012 tax year non-commissioned hotel reservations, an assessment of $29.2 million (including a duplicative assessments) for tax years
2000 through 2012 non-commissioned travel agency services relating to rental cars, and an assessment of $28.5 million for non-commissioned travel agency services relating to hotel reservations and car rental for the tax year 2013 and for which we
have requested additional support from the state of Hawaii but have not received any response to date. 

Furthermore, due to
the global nature of our business, we are subject to income and other non-income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment and estimation is required in determining our worldwide tax liabilities. In the
ordinary course of our business, there are transactions and calculations, including intercompany transactions and cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing, for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain or otherwise subject to interpretation.
Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters and assess additional taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be
materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals in which case we may be subject to additional tax liabilities, possibly including interest and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Amendment to existing tax laws, rules or regulations or enactment of new
unfavorable tax laws, rules or regulations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

Many of
the underlying laws, rules or regulations imposing taxes and other obligations were established before the growth of the internet and e-commerce. If the tax or other laws, rules or regulations were amended, or if new unfavorable laws, rules or
regulations were enacted, particularly with respect to occupancy, value-added taxes, or unclaimed property, the results could increase our tax payments or other obligations, prospectively or retrospectively, subject us to interest and penalties,
decrease the demand for our products and services if we pass on such costs to the consumer, result in increased costs to update or expand our technical or administrative infrastructure or effectively limit the scope of our business activities if we
decided not to conduct business in particular jurisdictions. As a result, these changes could have an adverse effect on our business or financial performance. 

In addition, in the past U.S. and foreign governments have introduced proposals for tax legislation that could have a significant adverse effect on our tax rate, the carrying value of deferred tax assets,
or our deferred tax liabilities. For example, the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (“OECD”) issued an action plan in July 2013 calling for a coordinated multi-jurisdictional approach to “base erosion and profit
shifting” (“BEPS”) by multinational companies. Any changes to national or international tax laws could impact the tax treatment of our foreign earnings and adversely affect our profitability. Our effective tax rate in the future could
also be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or the discontinuance of beneficial
tax arrangements in certain jurisdictions. 

We continue to work with relevant authorities and legislators to clarify our
obligations under existing, new and emerging tax laws and regulations. 

21 

Table of Contents

We are involved in various legal proceedings and may experience unfavorable outcomes,
which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We are involved in various legal proceedings and claims
involving taxes, property, personal injury, contract, alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, antitrust, consumer protection, securities laws, and other claims, including, but not limited to, the legal proceedings described
in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings. These matters may involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief that might necessitate changes to our business or operations. The defense of these actions is and will likely
continue to be both time consuming and expensive and their outcomes cannot be predicted with certainty. Determining reserves for pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant legal judgment. It is possible that
unfavorable outcomes in one or more such proceedings could result in substantial payments that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. 

Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

Our business and financial performance are affected by the health of the worldwide travel industry. Travel expenditures are sensitive to
personal and business-related discretionary spending levels and tend to decline or grow more slowly during economic downturns. Decreased travel expenditures could reduce the demand for our services, thereby causing a reduction in revenue.

For example, during regional or global recessions, domestic and global economic conditions can deteriorate rapidly resulting
in increased unemployment and a reduction in available budgets for both business and leisure travelers, which slow spending on the services we provide and have a negative impact on our revenue growth. Additionally, if individual countries or regions
experience deteriorating credit and economic conditions, and/or significant fluctuations of currency values relative to other currencies such as the U.S. dollar, it can lead to a negative impact on our foreign denominated net assets, gross bookings,
revenues, operating expenses, and net income as expressed in U.S. dollars. Further economic weakness and uncertainty may result in significantly decreased spending on our services by both business and leisure travelers, which may have a material
adverse impact on our business and financial performance. Current sovereign debt issues and concern about regional central bank activity and its potential to impact both local and global economies, are examples of events that contribute to a
somewhat uncertain economic environment, which could have a negative impact on the travel industry in the future. 

Our
business is also sensitive to fluctuations in hotel supply, occupancy and ADRs, decreases in airline capacity, periodically rising airline ticket prices, or the imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities, all of which we have
experienced historically. 

Other factors that could negatively affect our business include: 

•

 Air fare increases; 

•

 Continued air carrier consolidation; 

•

 Reduced access to discount airfares; 

•

 Travel-related strikes or labor unrest, bankruptcies or liquidations; 

•

 Incidents of actual or threatened terrorism; 

•

 Periods of political instability or geopolitical conflict in which travelers become concerned about safety issues; 

•

 Natural disasters or events such as severe weather conditions, volcanic eruptions, hurricanes or earthquakes; 

•

 Travel-related accidents or the grounding of aircraft due to safety concerns; and 

•

 Health-related risks, such as the Ebola, H1N1, SARs and avian flu outbreaks. 

22 

Table of Contents

Such concerns could result in a protracted decrease in demand for our travel services. This
decrease in demand, depending on its scope and duration, together with any future issues affecting travel safety, could significantly and adversely affect our business, working capital and financial performance over the short and long-term. In
addition, the disruption of the existing travel plans of a significant number of travelers upon the occurrence of certain events, such as severe weather conditions, actual or threatened terrorist activity or war, could result in the incurrence of
significant additional costs and decrease our revenues leading to constrained liquidity if we, as we have done historically in the case of severe weather conditions, provide relief to affected travelers by refunding the price or fees associated with
airline tickets, hotel reservations and other travel products and services. 

We are subject to payments-related and fraud
risks. 

We have agreements with companies that process customer credit and debit card transactions, the volume of which are
very large and continue to grow, for the facilitation of customer bookings of travel services from our travel suppliers. These agreements allow these processing companies, under certain conditions, to hold an amount of our cash (referred to as a
“holdback”) or require us to post a letter of credit equal to a portion of bookings that have been processed by that company. These processing companies may be entitled to a holdback or suspension of processing services upon the occurrence
of specified events, including material adverse changes in our financial condition. An imposition of a holdback or suspension of processing services by one or more of our processing companies could materially reduce our liquidity. 

Our results of operations and financial positions have been negatively affected by our acceptance of fraudulent bookings made using
credit and debit cards. We may be held liable for accepting fraudulent bookings on our websites or other bookings for which payment is subsequently disputed by our customers both of which lead to the reversal of payments received by us for such
bookings (referred to as a “charge back”). Accordingly, we calculate and record an allowance for the resulting credit and debit card charge backs. Our ability to detect and combat fraudulent schemes, which have become increasingly common
and sophisticated, may be negatively impacted by the adoption of new payment methods, the emergence and innovation of new technology platforms, including smartphones and tablet computers, and our global expansion, including into markets with a
history of elevated fraudulent activity. If we are unable to effectively combat fraudulent bookings on our websites or mobile applications or if we otherwise experience increased levels of charge backs, our results of operations and financial
positions could be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, when onboarding suppliers to our websites, we may fail to
identify falsified or stolen supplier credentials, which may result in fraudulent bookings or unauthorized access to personal or confidential information of users of our websites and mobile applications. A fraudulent supplier scheme could also
result in negative publicity, damage to our reputation, and could cause users of our websites and mobile applications to lose confidence in the quality of our services. Any of these events would have a negative effect on the value of our brands,
which could have an adverse impact on our financial performance. 

We have foreign exchange risk. 

We conduct a significant and growing portion of our business outside the United States. As a result, we face exposure to movements in
currency exchange rates, particularly those related to the British pound sterling, euro, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Thai baht, Brazilian real, and Nordic currencies. 

These exposures include but are not limited to re-measurement gains and losses from changes in the value of foreign denominated monetary assets and liabilities; translation gains and losses on foreign
subsidiary financial results that are translated into U.S. dollars upon consolidation; fluctuations in hotel revenue due to relative currency movements from the time of booking to the time of stay; planning risk related to changes in exchange
rates between the time we prepare our annual and quarterly forecasts and when actual results occur; and the impact of relative exchange rate movements on cross-border travel such as from Europe to the United States and the United States to
Europe. 

23 

Table of Contents

Depending on the size of the exposures and the relative movements of exchange rates, if we
choose not to hedge or fail to hedge effectively our exposure, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial statements and financial condition. As we have seen in some recent periods, in the event of severe volatility in exchange
rates these exposures can increase, and the impact on our results of operations can be more pronounced. In addition, the current environment and the increasingly global nature of our business have made hedging these exposures more complex. We have
increased and plan to continue increasing the scope, complexity and duration of our foreign exchange risk management. We make a number of estimates in conducting hedging activities including in some cases cancellations and payments in foreign
currencies. In addition, an effective exchange rate hedging program is dependent upon effective systems, accurate and reliable data sources, controls and change management procedures. In the event our estimates differ significantly from actual
results or if we fail to adopt effective hedging processes, we could experience greater volatility as a result of our hedging activities. 

Our stock price is highly volatile. 

The market price of our common stock
is highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as the following, some of which are beyond our control: 

•

 Quarterly variations in our operating and financial results; 

•

 Operating and financial results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors, including failure to deliver returns on
technology or emerging market marketing investments; 

•

 Changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;

•

 Rating agency credit rating actions or pronouncements; 

•

 Reaction to our earnings releases and conference calls, or presentations by executives at investor and industry conferences;

•

 Changes in our capital structure; 

•

 Changes in market valuations of other internet or online service companies; 

•

 Changes in search industry dynamics, such as key word pricing and traffic, or other changes that negatively affect our ability to generate traffic to
our websites; 

•

 Announcements of dividends or changes in the amount or frequency of our dividends; 

•

 Announcements of technological innovations or new services by us or our competitors; 

•

 Announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;

•

 Loss of a major travel supplier, such as an airline, hotel or car rental chain; 

•

 Changes in the status of our intellectual property rights; 

•

 Lack of success in the expansion of our business model geographically; 

•

 Significant claims or proceedings against us or adverse developments or decisions in pending proceedings; 

•

 Additions or departures of key personnel; 

•

 Rumors or public speculation about any of the above factors; and 

•

 Price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets in general. 

Volatility in our stock price could also make us less attractive to certain investors, and/or invite speculative trading in our common
stock or debt instruments. 

24 

Table of Contents

We may experience constraints in our liquidity and may be unable to access capital when
necessary or desirable, either of which could harm our financial position. 

We are accumulating a greater portion of our
cash flows in foreign jurisdictions than previously and any repatriation of such funds for use in the United States, including for corporate purposes such as acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends or debt refinancings, would likely result in
additional U.S. income tax expense. In addition, we have experienced, and may experience in the future, declines in seasonal liquidity and capital provided by our merchant hotel business, which has historically provided a meaningful portion of our
operating cash flow and is dependent on several factors, including the rate of growth of our merchant hotel business and the relative growth of businesses which consume rather than generate working capital, such as our agency hotel, advertising and
managed corporate travel businesses and payment terms with suppliers. We also continued to see positive momentum in our global roll out of the ETP program launched in 2012. As this program continues to expand, and depending on relative traveler and
supplier and traveler adoption rates and customer payment preferences, among other things, the scaling of ETP has and will continue to negatively impact near term working capital cash balances, cash flow over time and liquidity. 

The availability of funds depends in significant measure on capital markets and liquidity factors over which we exert no control. In
light of periodic uncertainty in the capital and credit markets, we can provide no assurance that sufficient financing will be available on desirable or even any terms to fund investments, acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends, debt refinancing
or extraordinary actions or that our counterparties in any such financings would honor their contractual commitments. In addition, any downgrade of our debt ratings by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s Investor Service or similar ratings
agencies, increases in general interest rate levels and credit spreads or overall weakening in the credit markets could increase our cost of capital. 

System interruption, security breaches and the lack of redundancy in our information systems may harm our businesses. 

We rely on information technology systems, including the Internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities and to store sensitive data, including booking
transactions, intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our suppliers and business partners, personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, and data with respect to invoicing and the collection of
payments, accounting, procurement, and supply chain activities. In addition, we rely on our information technology systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with financial
reporting, legal, and tax requirements. These interruptions could include security intrusions and attacks on our systems for fraud or service interruption (called “denial of service” or “bot” attacks). The risk of a
cybersecurity-related attack, intrusion, or disruption, including by criminal organizations, hacktivists, foreign governments, and terrorists, is persistent. We have experienced and may in the future experience system interruptions that make some or
all of these systems unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties. Significant interruptions, outages or delays in our internal systems, or systems of third parties that we rely upon —
including multiple co-location providers for data centers, cloud computing providers for application hosting, and network access providers — and network access, or deterioration in the performance of such systems, would impair our ability to
process transactions, decrease our quality of service that we can offer to our travelers, damage our reputation and brands, increase our costs and/or cause losses. 

Potential security breaches to our systems or the systems of our service providers, whether resulting from internal or external sources, could significantly harm our business. There can be no guarantee
that our existing security measures will prevent all possible security breaches or attacks. A party, whether internal or external, that is able to circumvent our security systems could misappropriate customer or employee information, intellectual
property, proprietary information or other business and financial data or cause significant interruptions in our operations. We may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches,
and reductions in website availability could cause a loss of substantial business volume during the occurrence of any such incident. Because the techniques used to sabotage security change 

25 

Table of Contents

frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these
techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. Security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage to reputation, exposure to risk of loss or litigation and possible liability due to regulatory penalties and sanctions. Security
breaches could also cause travelers and potential users and our business partners to lose confidence in our security, which would have a negative effect on the value of our brands. Failure to adequately protect against attacks or intrusions, whether
for their own systems or systems of vendors, could expose us to security breaches that could have an adverse impact on financial performance. 

In addition, no assurance can be given that we have backup systems or contingency plans for all critical aspects of our operations or business processes, many other systems are not fully redundant and our
disaster recovery or business continuity planning may not be sufficient. Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, electronic intrusion attempts from both
external and internal sources and similar events or disruptions may damage or impact or interrupt computer or communications systems or business processes at any time. Although we have put measures in place to protect certain portions of our
facilities and assets, any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing services to our travelers and/or third parties for a significant period of time. Remediation may be
costly and we may not have adequate insurance to cover such costs. Moreover, the costs of enhancing infrastructure to attain improved stability and redundancy may be time consuming and expensive and may require resources and expertise that are
difficult to obtain. 

We process, store and use personal information, payment card information and other consumer data,
which subjects us to risks stemming from possible failure to comply with governmental regulation and other legal obligations. 

We may acquire personal or confidential information from users of our websites and mobile applications. There are numerous laws regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and
protection of personal information, payment card information and other consumer data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or conflict with other rules. We strive to comply
with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection. It is possible, however, that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one
jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or the practices of the companies. Any failure or perceived failure by us, or our service providers, to comply with the privacy policies, privacy-related obligations to users or other third
parties, or privacy related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information, payment card information or other consumer data, may result in governmental
enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against the company by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our customers and members to lose trust in the company, as well as subject us to bank fines, penalties or increased
transaction costs, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

The regulatory framework for privacy issues
worldwide is currently in flux and is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the internet have recently come
under increased public scrutiny. The U.S. Congress and federal agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, are reviewing the need for greater regulation for the collection and use of information concerning
consumer behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at restricting certain targeted advertising practices. U.S. courts are also considering the applicability of existing federal and state statutes, including computer trespass and
wiretapping laws, to the collection and exchange of information online. In addition, the European Union is in the process of proposing reforms to its existing data protection legal framework, which may result in a greater compliance burden for
companies, including Expedia, with users in Europe and increased costs of compliance. Finally, countries in other regions, most notably Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America, are increasingly implementing new privacy regulations, resulting in
additional compliance burdens and uncertainty as to how some of these laws will be interpreted. 

26 

Table of Contents

We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or
motivate key personnel or hire, retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business would be harmed. 

Our performance is
largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. In
particular, the contributions of Barry Diller, our Chairman and Senior Executive, and Dara Khosrowshahi, our Chief Executive Officer, are critical to the overall management of the company. Our future success will depend on the performance of our
senior management and key employees. Expedia cannot ensure that it will be able to retain the services of Mr. Diller, Mr. Khosrowshahi or any other member of our senior management or key employees, the loss of whom could seriously harm our
business. Competition for well-qualified employees in certain aspects of our business, including software engineers, developers, product management personnel, development personnel, and other technology professionals, also remains intense.

Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our
existing employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees or retaining or motivating existing employees, our business would be adversely affected. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. 

We have in the past and may again in the future, restructure portions of our global workforce to simplify and streamline our
organization, improve our cost structure and strengthen our overall businesses. These changes could affect employee morale and productivity and be disruptive to our business and financial performance. 

Mr. Diller currently controls Expedia. If Mr. Diller ceases to control the company, Liberty Interactive Corporation may
effectively control the company. 

Subject to the terms of a Stockholders Agreement between Mr. Diller and Liberty
Interactive Corporation, Mr. Diller holds an irrevocable proxy to vote shares of Expedia stock held by Liberty. Accordingly, Mr. Diller effectively controls the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote or for the consent of our
stockholders (other than with respect to the election by the holders of common stock of 25% of the members of our Board of Directors and matters as to which Delaware law requires a separate class vote). Upon Mr. Diller’s permanent
departure from Expedia, the irrevocable proxy would terminate and depending on the capitalization of Expedia at such time, Liberty could effectively control the voting power of our capital stock. Mr. Diller, through shares he owns beneficially
as well as those subject to the irrevocable proxy, controlled approximately 59% of the combined voting power of the outstanding Expedia capital stock as of December 31, 2014. 

In addition, under a Governance Agreement among Mr. Diller, Liberty Interactive Corporation and Expedia, Inc., as amended, each of
Mr. Diller and Liberty generally has the right to consent to limited matters in the event that we incur debt such that our ratio of total debt to EBITDA, as defined in the Governance Agreement, equals or exceeds 8:1 over a continuous 12-month
period. We cannot assure you that Mr. Diller and Liberty will consent to any such matter at a time when we are highly leveraged, in which case we would not be able to engage in such transactions or take such actions. 

As a result of Mr. Diller’s ownership interests and voting power, and Liberty’s ownership interests and voting power upon
Mr. Diller’s permanent departure from Expedia, Mr. Diller is currently, and in the future Liberty may be, in a position to control or influence significant corporate actions, including, corporate transactions such as mergers, business
combinations or dispositions of assets and determinations with respect to our significant business direction and policies. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control
transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to us. 

27 

Table of Contents

Actual or potential conflicts of interest may develop between Expedia management and
directors, on the one hand, and the management and directors of IAC, on the other. 

Mr. Diller serves as our Chairman
of the Board of Directors and Senior Executive, while retaining his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Senior Executive of IAC, and Mr. Kaufman serves as Vice Chairman of both Expedia and IAC. The fact that Mr. Diller and
Mr. Kaufman hold positions with and securities of both companies could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest for them when facing decisions that may affect both IAC and Expedia. They may also face conflicts of interest
with regard to the allocation of their time between the companies. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that no officer
or director of Expedia who is also an officer or director of IAC be liable to Expedia or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity to IAC instead of Expedia, or
does not communicate information regarding a corporate opportunity to Expedia because the officer or director has directed the corporate opportunity to IAC. This corporate opportunity provision may have the effect of exacerbating the risk of
conflicts of interest between the companies because the provision effectively shields an overlapping director/executive officer from liability for breach of fiduciary duty in the event that such director or officer chooses to direct a corporate
opportunity to IAC instead of Expedia. 

We work closely with various business partners and rely on third-parties for many
systems and services, and therefore could be harmed by their activities. 

We could be harmed by the activities of third
parties that we do not control. We work closely with business partners, including in connection with significant commercial arrangements and joint ventures, and through our Expedia Affiliate Network business. We also rely on third-party service
providers for certain customer care, fulfillment, processing, systems development, technology and other services, including, increasingly, travel care and information technology services. If these partners or third-party service providers experience
difficulty or fail to meet our requirements or standards or the requirements or standards of governmental authorities, it could damage our reputation, make it difficult for us to operate some aspects of our business, or expose us to liability for
their actions which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance. Likewise, if the third-party service providers on which we rely were to cease operations, temporarily or permanently, face financial distress or other
business disruption, we could suffer increased costs and delays in our ability to provide similar services until an equivalent service provider could be found or we could develop replacement technology or operations, any of which could also have an
adverse impact on our business and financial performance. 

We are exposed to various counterparty risks. 

We are exposed to the risk that various counterparties, including financial entities, will fail to perform. This creates risk in a number
of areas, including with respect to our bank deposits and investments, foreign exchange risk management, insurance coverages, and letters of credit. As it relates to deposits, as of December 31, 2014, we held cash in bank depository accounts of
$911 million (primarily in Bank of America, BNP Paribas, HSBC, JPMorgan Chase, Royal Bank of Canada and Standard Chartered Bank) and held time deposits of approximately $370 million at financial institutions including, Australia and New Zealand
Banking Group, DBS Bank, JPMorgan Chase, Nordea, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. Additionally, majority-owned subsidiaries held cash of $47 million (primarily in Deutsche Bank, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Construction
Bank, China Merchants Bank, and Bank of China) and held time deposits of approximately $261 million at financial institutions including, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Merchants Bank, Bank of China, and Bank of Communications. As it
relates to foreign exchange, as of December 31, 2014, we were party to forward contracts with a notional value of approximately $633 million, the fair value of which was approximately $9 million. The counterparties to these contracts were
Credit Suisse International, Standard Chartered Bank, Goldman Sachs Bank, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, US Bank, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Wells Fargo, Royal Bank of Canada, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi and HSBC. We employ forward contracts to
hedge a portion of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. At the end of the 

28 

Table of Contents

deposit term or upon the maturity of the forward contracts, the counterparties are obligated, or potentially obligated in the case of forward contracts, to return our funds or pay us net
settlement values. If any of these counterparties were to liquidate, declare bankruptcy or otherwise cease operations, it may not be able to satisfy its obligations under these time deposits or forward contracts. 

In addition, due to instability in the economy we also face increased credit risk and payment delays from our non-financial contract
counterparties. 

We have significant long-term indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and financial
condition. 

As of December 31, 2014, the face value of our long-term indebtedness totaled $1.7 billion. Risks
relating to our long-term indebtedness include: 

•

 Increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to
fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 Making it difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our businesses; 

•

 Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate; 

•

 Placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

•

 Limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms we find acceptable. 

In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. The terms
of our credit facility and the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. 

Our discretion in the operation of our business is limited by certain factors, including various covenants contained in the agreements
governing our indebtedness; these covenants also require us to meet financial maintenance tests and other covenants. The failure to comply with such tests and covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants, including those that restrict our ability to, among other things:

•

 Borrow money, and guarantee or provide other support for indebtedness of third parties including guarantees; 

•

 Pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; 

•

 Enter into certain asset sale transactions, including partial or full spin-off transactions; 

•

 Enter into secured financing arrangements; 

•

 Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and 

•

 Enter into unrelated businesses. 

These covenants may limit our ability to effectively operate our businesses. 

29 

Table of Contents

In addition, our credit facility requires that we meet certain financial tests, including an
interest coverage test and a leverage ratio test. 

Any failure to comply with the restrictions of our credit facility or any
agreement governing our other indebtedness may result in an event of default under those agreements. Such default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which acceleration may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions
in other debt. In addition, lenders may be able to terminate any commitments they had made to supply us with further funds (including periodic rollovers of existing borrowings). 

We cannot be sure that our intellectual property and proprietary information is protected from copying or use by others, including
potential competitors. 

Our websites and mobile applications rely on content, brands and technology, much of which is
proprietary. We establish and protect our intellectual property by relying on a combination of trademark, copyright, trade secret and patent laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, license and confidentiality agreements, and internal policies and
procedures. In connection with our license agreements with third parties, we seek to control access to, and the use and distribution of, our proprietary information and intellectual property. Even with these precautions, however, it may be possible
for another party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without our authorization or to develop similar intellectual property independently. Effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection may not be
available in every jurisdiction in which our services are made available, and policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and expensive. We cannot be sure that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation or
infringement of intellectual property. Any misappropriation or violation of our rights could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, we may need to go to court or other tribunals to enforce our intellectual property rights, to
protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. These proceedings might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 

We currently license from third parties some of the technologies, content and brands incorporated into our websites. As we continue to
introduce new services that incorporate new technologies, content and brands, we may be required to license additional technology, content or brands. We cannot be sure that such technology, content and brand licenses will be available on
commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

Part I. Item 1B.