You should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties associated with our company and the ownership of our
securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business and/or financial performance. 

10 

Table of Contents

We operate in an increasingly competitive global environment. 

The market for the services we offer is increasingly and intensely competitive. We compete with both established and emerging online and
traditional sellers of travel-related services, including: 

•

 online travel agencies, 

•

 travel suppliers, including hotels and air, 

•

 large online portal and search companies, 

•

 travel metasearch engines, 

•

 traditional travel agencies, wholesalers and tour operators, 

•

 travel content sites and mobile applications including traveler review sites, 

•

 corporate travel management service providers, 

•

 operators of travel industry reservation databases, and 

•

 private shopping websites. 

Online travel agencies: We face increasing competition from other online travel agencies in many regions, such as Priceline and its regional brands, Travelocity, Orbitz, as well as other regional
competitors such as Ctrip in China, which in some cases may have more favorable offerings for both travelers and suppliers, including pricing and supply breadth. In particular, we have faced and are facing, intense global competition from Priceline
subsidiaries, Booking.com and Agoda.com. We also compete with other travel agencies for both travelers and the acquisition and retention of supply. 

Travel suppliers: Some of our competitors, including travel suppliers such as airlines and hotels, may offer products and services on more favorable terms, including lower prices, no fees or unique
access to proprietary loyalty programs, such as points and miles. Many of these competitors, such as airlines, hotel and rental car companies, have been steadily focusing on increasing online demand on their own websites in lieu of third-party
distributors such as the various Expedia sites. For instance, some low cost airlines, which are having increasing success in the marketplace, distribute their online supply exclusively through their own websites and several large hotel chains have
combined to establish a single online hotels search platform with links directly to their own websites. Suppliers who sell on their own websites, in some instances, offer advantages such as increased or exclusive product availability and their own
bonus miles or loyalty points, which could make their offerings more attractive to consumers than ours. 

Search
engines: We also face increasing competition from search engines like Google, Bing and Yahoo! Search. To the extent that these leading search engines that have a significant presence in our key markets disintermediate online travel agencies or
travel content providers by offering comprehensive travel planning, shopping or booking capabilities, or increasingly refer those leads to suppliers directly or other favored partners, increase the cost of traffic directed to our websites, or offer
the ability to make transactions on their own website, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. For example, since 2011 these search engines increased their focus on acquiring or launching flight and hotel
search products that provide increasingly comprehensive travel planning content, comparable to OTAs. To the extent these actions have a negative effect on our search traffic, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected.

In addition, our websites, or websites in which we hold a significant ownership position, including trivago-branded websites,
compete for advertising revenue with these search engines, as well as with large internet portal sites that offer advertising opportunities for travel-related companies. Several of these competitors have significantly greater financial, technical,
marketing and other resources and large client bases. We expect to face additional competition as other established and emerging companies enter the online advertising market. Competition could result in higher traffic acquisitions costs, reduced
margins on our advertising services, loss of market share, reduced customer traffic to our websites and reduced advertising by travel companies on our websites. 

11 

Table of Contents

Travel metasearch engines and content aggregators: Travel metasearch websites,
including Kayak.com (a subsidiary of Priceline), trivago (a majority-owned subsidiary of Expedia) and Qunar in China, as well as travel research sites that have search functionality, such as TripAdvisor, aggregate travel search results for a
specific itinerary across supplier, travel agent and other websites. In addition, some metasearch sites, such as Kayak.com, TripAdvisor and Qunar in China, offer consumers the ability to make reservations directly on their websites. To the extent
metasearch websites limit our participation within their search results, or consumers utilize the metasearch website for travel services instead of ours, our traffic-generating arrangements could be affected in a negative manner, or we may be
required to increase our marketing costs to maintain market share, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, as a result of our acquisition of a majority ownership interest in trivago, we
also now compete more directly with other metasearch engines and content aggregators for advertising revenue. To the extent that trivago’s ability to aggregate travel search results for a specific itinerary across supplier, travel agent and
other websites is hampered, whether due to its affiliation with us or otherwise, trivago’s business and results of operations could be adversely affected and the value of our investment in trivago could be negatively impacted. 

Corporate travel providers: Egencia, our full-service corporate travel management company, competes with online and traditional
corporate travel providers as well as vendors of corporate travel and expense management software and services. Some of these competitors may have more financial resources, greater name recognition, well-established client bases, or a broader global
presence, which may make it difficult for us to retain or attract new corporate travel clients. 

Mobile platform travel
applications: Mobile platforms, including smartphones and tablet computers, have rapidly emerged and are continuing to grow significantly. The emergence and improved functionality of mobile platforms has led to an increased use by consumers of
standalone applications to research and book travel. If we are unable to offer innovative, user-friendly, feature-rich mobile applications for our travel services, along with effective marketing and advertising, or if our mobile applications are not
used by consumers, we could lose market share to existing competitors or new entrants and our future growth and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Social media websites: Social media websites, including Facebook.com, continue to develop search functionality for data included within its website, which may in the future develop into an
alternative research and booking resource for travelers, resulting in additional competition from new competitors. 

We cannot
assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against any current, emerging and future competitors or on platforms that may emerge, or provide differentiated products and services to our traveler base. Increasing competition from current
and emerging competitors, the introduction of new technologies and the continued expansion of existing technologies, such as metasearch and other search engine technologies, may force us to make changes to our business models, which could affect our
financial performance and liquidity. 

Increased competition has resulted in and may continue to result in reduced margins, as
well as loss of travelers, transactions and brand recognition. 

The industry in which we operate is dynamic and we may be
required to modify our current business models and practices or adopt new business models and practices in order to compete, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial position and performance. 

We continue to adapt our business to remain competitive, including investing in emerging markets such as metasearch, developing products
for new platforms, such as mobile, or offering new optionalities, such as our Expedia Traveler Preference initiative. These endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations,
expenses associated with the initiatives, inadequate return on investments. These initiatives may require significant investments, including changes to our financial systems and processes, which could significantly increase our costs, increase the
risk of payment delays and/or 

12 

Table of Contents

non-payments of amounts owed to us from our supplier partners and customers, as well as limiting our ability to develop new site innovations. These new initiatives may therefore not be successful
and may harm our financial condition and operating results. 

For example, during 2012, Expedia introduced the ETP program to
hotel suppliers in the United States and Europe and is now in the process of rolling the program out globally. ETP offers travelers the choice of whether to pay Expedia at the time of booking or pay the hotel at the time of stay. As part of the
introduction of ETP, we reduced negotiated economics in certain instances to compensate for hotel supply partners absorbing expenses such as credit card fees and customer service costs. Therefore, the global rollout of ETP has begun to negatively
impact the margin of revenue we earn per booking and will continue to do so in the future. In addition, as we continue to expand the breadth and depth of our global hotel offering and continue to roll out ETP, we have made and expect to continue to
make adjustments to our economics in various geographies including changes based on local market conditions, each of which may also negatively impact the margin of revenue we earn per booking in the future. Depending on relative supplier and
traveler adoption rates and customer payment preferences, among other things, the introduction of ETP could also negatively impact our near term working capital cash balances, cash flow over time and liquidity. 

Our business could be negatively affected by changes in search engine algorithms and dynamics or other traffic-generating
arrangements. 

We increasingly utilize internet search engines such as Google, principally through the purchase of
travel-related keywords, to generate traffic to our websites. Search engines, including Google, frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of results of a user’s search, such that the purchased or
algorithmic placement of links to our websites can be negatively affected. In addition, a significant amount of traffic is directed to our websites through our participation in pay-per-click and display advertising campaigns on search engines,
including Google, travel metasearch engines, including Kayak, and internet media properties, including TripAdvisor. Pricing and operating dynamics for these traffic sources can experience rapid change, both technically and competitively. Moreover, a
search or metasearch engine could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms or results causing a website to place lower in search query results. If a major search engine changes its algorithms or results in a manner that
negatively affects the search engine ranking, paid or unpaid, of our websites or that of our third-party distribution partners, or if competitive dynamics impact the costs or effectiveness of search engine optimization, search engine marketing or
other traffic-generating arrangements in a negative manner, our business and financial performance would be adversely affected, potentially to a material extent. 

Declines or disruptions in the travel industry could adversely affect our business and financial performance. 

Our business and financial performance are affected by the health of the worldwide travel industry. Travel expenditures are sensitive to personal and business-related discretionary spending levels and
tend to decline or grow more slowly during economic downturns. Decreased travel expenditures could reduce the demand for our services, thereby causing a reduction in revenue. 

For example, beginning in 2008, domestic and global economic conditions deteriorated rapidly resulting in increased unemployment and a reduction in available budgets for both business and leisure
travelers, which slowed spending on the services we provide and had a negative impact on our revenue growth. More recently, during 2012, several Eurozone countries experienced deteriorating credit and economic conditions, which and also resulted in
significant devaluation of the Euro relative to other currencies such as the U.S. dollar, which in turn had a negative impact on our Euro-denominated net assets, gross bookings, revenues, operating expenses, and net income as expressed in U.S.
dollars. Further economic weakness and uncertainty may result in significantly decreased spending on our services by both business and leisure travelers, which may have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance. Current
sovereign debt and economic issues 

13 

Table of Contents

in several European countries, the recent shutdown of the U.S. government, worry over extending the debt ceiling in the United States and concern about the impact of the pullback in the U.S.
Federal Reserve’s quantitative easing program, are all examples of events that contribute to a somewhat uncertain economic environment, which could have a negative impact on the travel industry in the future. 

Our business is also sensitive to fluctuations in hotel supply, occupancy and average daily rates (“ADRs”), decreases in
airline capacity, periodically rising airline ticket prices, or the imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities, all of which we have recently experienced. For example, the significant decline in ADRs, which began in late 2008 and
continued through 2009, negatively impacted our hotel booking revenue. In addition, ADRs on our websites in both 2008 and 2009 declined faster than in the overall travel industry due to a number of factors including the increased use of our
distribution channels for promotional activities by hotels. To the extent ADRs decline in the future, our hotel booking revenue may be negatively impacted. 

Other factors that could negatively affect our business include: 

•

 Air fare increases, including increases driven by higher oil prices; 

•

 Continued air carrier consolidation; 

•

 Reduced access to discount airfares; 

•

 Travel-related strikes or labor unrest, bankruptcies or liquidations; 

•

 Incidents of actual or threatened terrorism; 

•

 Periods of political instability or geopolitical conflict in which travelers become concerned about safety issues; 

•

 Natural disasters or events such as severe weather conditions, volcanic eruptions, hurricanes or earthquakes; 

•

 Travel-related accidents or the grounding of aircraft due to safety concerns; and 

•

 Health-related risks, such as the H1N1, SARs and avian flu outbreaks. 

Such concerns could result in a protracted decrease in demand for our travel services. This decrease in demand, depending on its scope
and duration, together with any future issues affecting travel safety, could significantly and adversely affect our business, working capital and financial performance over the short and long-term. In addition, the disruption of the existing travel
plans of a significant number of travelers upon the occurrence of certain events, such as severe weather conditions, actual or threatened terrorist activity or war, could result in the incurrence of significant additional costs and decrease our
revenues leading to constrained liquidity if we, as we have done historically in the case of severe weather conditions, provide relief to affected travelers by refunding the price or fees associated with airline tickets, hotel reservations and other
travel products and services. 

Our business depends on our relationships with travel suppliers and travel distribution
partners. 

An important component of our business success depends on our ability to maintain and expand relationships with
travel suppliers and GDS partners. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from compensation negotiated with travel suppliers, in particular hotel suppliers, and GDS partners for bookings made through our websites. Each year we typically
negotiate or renegotiate numerous long-term airline and hotel contracts. No assurances can be given that travel suppliers or GDS partners will not further reduce or eliminate compensation, attempt to implement multiple costly direct connections,
charge travel agencies for or otherwise restrict access to content, credit card fees or other services, further reduce their ADRs or decide not to make their travel inventory available to us, any of which could reduce our revenue and margins thereby
adversely affecting our business and financial performance. For example, a number of airlines now charge for checked baggage, food, beverages and other services. GDSs currently have limited technology to incorporate these elements into

14 

Table of Contents

our product selection, impacting our product display and comparability with the airlines own sites or other channels that show this content detail. In late 2010, American Airlines began to pursue
a new distribution strategy requiring online travel agents to agree to connect directly to American Airlines’ systems, rather than through GDSs. If other airlines pursue a similar distribution strategy, it could reduce our access to air
inventory, reduce our compensation, result in additional operating expenses related to the development, implementation and maintenance of the necessary technology systems, increase the frequency or duration of system problems and delay other
projects. 

We rely on the value of our brands, and the costs of maintaining and enhancing our brand awareness are
increasing. 

We invest considerable financial and human resources in our brands in order to retain and expand our customer
base. We expect that the cost of maintaining and enhancing our brands will continue to increase due to a variety of factors, including increased spending from our competitors, promotional and discounting activities, the increasing costs of
supporting multiple brands and the impact of competition among our multiple brands, expansion into geographies and products where our brands are less well known, inflation in media pricing including search engine keywords and the continued emergence
and relative traffic share growth of search engines and metasearch engines as destination sites for travelers. For example, during 2013, Booking.com, trivago and TripAdvisor launched offline advertising campaigns in the United States for the first
time thus increasing the number of participants in the travel advertising space, increasing competition for share of voice and we expect this activity to continue and expand globally in the future. We are also pursuing and expect to continue to
pursue long-term market share growth opportunities in certain markets which have had and may continue to have a negative impact on our overall marketing efficiency. 

Our efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands may not be successful, and, even if we are successful in our branding efforts, such efforts may not be cost-effective, or as efficient
as they have been historically. Moreover, successful branding efforts with respect to some brands within the Expedia portfolio have in the past and may in the future result in marketing inefficiencies and negatively impact growth rates of other
brands within our portfolio. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brands and generate demand in a cost-effective manner, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

We rely on information technology to operate our businesses and maintain our competitiveness, and any failure to adapt to
technological developments or industry trends could harm our business. 

We depend on the use of sophisticated information
technologies and systems, including technology and systems used for website and mobile applications, reservations, customer service, communications, procurement, payments, fraud detection and administration. As our operations grow in size, scope and
complexity, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure to offer an increasing number of travelers enhanced products, services, features and functionality, while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of
our systems and infrastructure. 

Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our services and infrastructure to
meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features and reliability of our service in response to competitive service and product offerings. The emergence of alternative platforms such as
smartphone and tablet computing devices and the emergence of niche competitors who may be able to optimize products, services or strategies for such platforms have, and will continue to, require new and costly investments in technology. We may not
be successful, or less successful than our current or new competitors, in developing technology that operates effectively across multiple technologies and platforms and that is appealing to consumers, either of which would negatively impact our
business and financial performance. New developments in other areas, such as cloud computing and software as service providers, could also make it easier for competition to enter our markets due to lower up-front technology costs. 

15 

Table of Contents

In addition, we may not be able to maintain our existing systems or replace or introduce new
technologies and systems as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. We have been engaged in a multi-year effort, to migrate key portions of our consumer, affiliate, and corporate travel sites and back office application functionality
to new technology platforms to enable us to improve conversion, introduce innovation more rapidly, achieve better search engine optimization and improve our site merchandising and transaction processing capabilities, among other anticipated
benefits. These migrations have been in the past, and may continue to be in the future, more time consuming and expensive than originally anticipated, and the resources devoted to those efforts have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely
affect, our ability to develop new site innovations. In addition, during the migration process the sites may experience reduced functionality and decreases in conversion rates. Also, we may be unable to devote financial resources to new technologies
and systems in the future. Overall, these implementations and systems enhancements may not achieve the desired results in a timely manner, to the extent anticipated, or at all. If any of these events occur, our business and financial performance
could suffer. 

Our international operations involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our
business expands globally. 

A large and growing portion of our revenue is derived from our international operations. We
operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the United States and intend to continue to expand our international presence. As we have expanded globally, our international (non-U.S.) revenue increased from 39% in 2010 to 47% in 2013. In foreign
jurisdictions, we face complex, dynamic and varied risk landscapes. As we enter countries and markets that are new to us, we must tailor our services and business models to the unique circumstances of such countries and markets, which can be
complex, difficult, costly and divert management and personnel resources. Our failure to adapt our practices, systems, processes and business models effectively to the traveler and supplier preferences of each country into which we expand could slow
our growth. For example, to compete in certain international markets we have in the past, and may in the future, adopt locally-preferred payment methods, which has increased our costs and instances of fraud. Certain international markets in which we
operate have lower margins than more mature markets, which could have a negative impact on our overall margins as our revenues from these markets grow over time. 

In addition to the risks outlined elsewhere in this section, our international operations are also subject to a number of other risks, including: 

•

 Local economic or political instability; 

•

 Threatened or actual acts of terrorism; 

•

 Regulatory requirements, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and U.K. Bribery Act, data privacy requirements, labor laws and anti-competition
regulations; 

•

 Our ability to comply with additional U.S. laws applicable to U.S. companies operating internationally as well as local laws and regulations;

•

 Weaker enforcement of our contractual rights; 

•

 Lower levels of credit card usage and increased payment and fraud risk; 

•

 Longer payment cycles, and difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

 Increased risk and limits on our ability to enforce intellectual property rights; 

•

 Preferences by local populations for local providers; 

•

 Restrictions on, or adverse tax and other consequences related to, the withdrawal of non-U.S. investments, cash balances and earnings;

•

 Currency exchange restrictions or costs; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 Restrictions on our ability to repatriate cash as well as restrictions on our ability to invest in our operations in certain countries;

•

 Exchange rate fluctuations and the risks and costs inherent in hedging such exposures; 

•

 Financial risk arising from transactions in multiple currencies; 

•

 Slower adoption of the internet as an advertising, broadcast and commerce medium in those markets as compared to the United States;

•

 Our ability to support new technologies, including mobile devices, that may be more prevalent in international markets; 

•

 Regulatory, contractual and other limitations and costs of operating in international markets as a non-local company; 

•

 Difficulties in managing staffing and operations due to distance, time zones, language and cultural differences; and 

•

 Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of precedent.

We are subject to particular risks and uncertainties relating to our operations in China, which we conduct
primarily through eLong, which is a leading online travel service provider in China and is a separately listed company on Nasdaq. The success of eLong and of our other current and future business and investments in China is subject to commercial
risks relating to the highly dynamic and increasingly competitive market in China. Our business and investments in China are also subject to numerous risks and significant uncertainties regarding the application, development and interpretation of
China’s laws and regulations, which could limit the legal protections available to us. Moreover, we cannot predict the effect of future developments in China’s legal system, including the introduction of new laws, changes to existing laws
or the interpretation or enforcement of current or future laws and regulations in areas such as the travel industry, the internet and online commerce, foreign investment, taxation, labor, and foreign currency exchange. In addition, Chinese law
restricts foreign investment in areas including air-ticketing, travel agency, internet content provision and telecommunications, and requires certain licenses and permits related to our business to be held by legal entities owned by PRC citizens or
Chinese-owned companies, rather than our subsidiaries. Although we have established effective control over such Chinese entities through a series of agreements future developments in the interpretation or enforcement of Chinese laws and regulations
or a dispute relating to these agreements could adversely affect our control over, and the operations of, our businesses in China. Capitalization of our Chinese entities is also subject to regulation and there can be no assurance that we can provide
adequate financing for these entities or repatriate cash balances and investments. China also does not have treaties with the United States or most other western countries providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments of
courts. As a result, court judgments obtained in jurisdictions with which China does not have such treaties may be difficult or impossible to enforce in China. As we are the controlling shareholder of eLong, we may also be subject to legal or
regulatory investigations or claims relating to any alleged improper conduct or violations of U.S. law, Nasdaq, or SEC regulations or other applicable law or regulations by eLong, which may result in significant costs, fines or penalties being
assessed against eLong and us. In early 2014, an SEC administrative law judge issued an initial decision censuring certain Chinese audit firms, including eLong’s external auditor, for failing to comply with document requests from the SEC, and
suspending such firms from practicing before the SEC for six months. The firms in question have indicated that they intend to appeal, and the decision and the suspension will not become effective until the resolution of any such appeal. In addition,
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (or “PCAOB”) may choose to administer sanctions or take other actions against Chinese audit firms, including eLong’s auditor, due to the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of
audit firms in China. If Chinese audit firms, including eLong’s external auditor, are suspended or otherwise unable to practice before the SEC or maintain registration with the PCAOB, eLong may be unable to meet the ongoing reporting
requirements under the Exchange Act, which may ultimately result in eLong’s delisting from Nasdaq. 

17 

Table of Contents

Adverse application of existing tax or unclaimed property laws, rules or regulations or
implementation of new unfavorable laws, rules or regulations, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

The application of various domestic and international transactional taxes such as sales, use, occupancy, value-added, payroll, excise and other tax or unclaimed property laws, rules and regulations to our
historical and new products and services is subject to interpretation by the applicable authorities, which authorities may become more aggressive in their interpretation and/or enforcement of such laws, rules and regulations over time, whether as a
result of economic pressures or otherwise. While we believe that we are compliant with current tax provisions, the applicable authorities may take a contrary position and such positions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that impose these taxes and other obligations were
established before the growth of the internet and e-commerce. If the tax or other laws, rules and regulations were amended, if new unfavorable laws, rules or regulations were adopted, as has recently occurred in certain jurisdictions, or if current
laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, particularly with respect to occupancy or value-added taxes or unclaimed property, the results could increase our tax payments or other obligations (prospectively or retrospectively), subject us to
interest and penalties, decrease the demand for our products and services if we pass on such costs to the consumer, result in increased costs to update or expand our technical and administrative infrastructure or effectively limit the scope of our
business activities if we decide not to conduct business in particular jurisdictions. As a result, these changes could have an adverse effect on our businesses or financial performance. 

A number of authorities have brought lawsuits and have levied assessments asserting that we are required to collect and remit hotel
occupancy or other taxes. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future be required in certain jurisdictions to pay tax assessments, which may be substantial, prior to contesting the validity of tax assessments. This requirement is commonly
referred to as “pay-to-play.” Payment of these amounts is not an admission that the taxpayer believes it is subject to such taxes. For example, during 2009, we paid $48 million in advance of litigation in occupancy tax proceedings in the
city of San Francisco. The city of San Francisco has also issued additional assessments of tax, penalties and interest for the time period from the fourth quarter of 2007 through the fourth quarter of 2011 against the travel companies, including $22
million against Expedia, Hotels.com and Hotwire. During 2013, we paid $171 million in advance of litigation in general excise tax proceedings in the state of Hawaii. The state of Hawaii has also issued additional assessments for general excise tax,
penalties and interest against the online travel companies, including $40.4 million against Expedia, Hotels.com and Hotwire excluding duplicative assessments. Hotels.com is currently under audit by the State of Texas. There is a pay-to-play
requirement to challenge an adverse audit result in court. 

We continue to work with relevant authorities and legislators to
clarify our obligations under existing, new and emerging laws and regulations. 

We are involved in various legal
proceedings and may experience unfavorable outcomes, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

We
are involved in various legal proceedings and claims involving taxes, property, personal injury, contract, alleged infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, antitrust, consumer protection, securities laws, and other claims,
including, but not limited to, the legal proceedings described in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings. These matters may involve claims for substantial amounts of money or for other relief that might necessitate changes to our business or
operations. The defense of these actions is and may continue to be both time consuming and expensive. If these legal proceedings were to result in unfavorable outcomes, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
performance. 

18 

Table of Contents

A failure to comply with current laws, rules and regulations or changes to such laws,
rules and regulations and other legal uncertainties may adversely affect our business, financial performance or results of operations. 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing laws, rules and regulations or the promulgation of new laws, rules and
regulations applicable to us and our businesses, including those relating to travel licensing, the internet and online commerce, internet advertising and price display, consumer protection, competition, and privacy. Unfavorable changes or
interpretations could decrease demand for our products and services, limit marketing methods and capabilities, affect our margins increase costs and/or subject us to additional liabilities. 

For example, there are, and will likely continue to be, an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the internet and
online commerce that may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet, display of certain taxes and fees, online editorial and user-generated content, user privacy, behavioral targeting and online advertising,
taxation, liability for third-party activities and the quality of products and services. Furthermore, the growth and development of online commerce may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws and more aggressive enforcement efforts,
which may impose additional burdens on online businesses generally. 

We also have been subject, and we will likely be subject
in the future, to inquiries from time to time from regulatory bodies concerning compliance with consumer protection, competition, and travel industry-specific laws and regulations. The failure of our businesses to comply with these laws and
regulations could result in fines and/or proceedings against us by governmental agencies and/or consumers, which if material, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if such laws and regulations
are not enforced equally against other competitors in a particular market, our compliance with such laws may put us a competitive disadvantage vis-à-vis competitors who do not comply with such requirements. 

The promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, or the new interpretation of existing laws, rules and regulations, in each case that
restrict or otherwise unfavorably impact the ability or manner in which we provide travel services could require us to change certain aspects of our business, operations and commercial relationships to ensure compliance, which could decrease demand
for services, reduce revenues, increase costs and/or subject the company to additional liabilities. 

For example, in July
2012, the United Kingdom Office of Fair Trading (“OFT”), the competition authority in the United Kingdom, issued a Statement of Objections alleging that Expedia and Booking.com entered into separate agreements with InterContinental Hotels
Group PLC (“IHG”) that restricted each online travel company’s ability to discount the price of IHG hotel rooms. The OFT limited its investigation to a small number of companies, but has stated that the investigation is likely to have
wider implications for the industry within the United Kingdom. The parties have proposed to address the OFT’s concerns by offering commitments and, on January 31, 2014, the OFT announced that it had formally accepted the commitments
offered by the parties, with no finding of fault or liability. The commitments provide the parties to the OFT’s case (i.e. IHG, Booking.com and Expedia) with the right to provide non-public discounts on the rate offered for room only hotel
accommodation bookings at UK hotels to eligible European Economic Area resident members of the parties’ membership programs (which must meet certain minimum criteria). In addition, the commitments require Expedia and Booking.com to modify their
“most favored nations” clauses, as relevant, so as not to apply to any discounting activities described in the preceding sentence. The commitments will be binding on the parties through January 31, 2016. Since July 2012, more than
thirty putative class action lawsuits, which refer to the OFT’s Statement of Objections, have been initiated in the United States by consumer plaintiffs alleging claims against the online travel companies, including Expedia, and several major
hotel chains for alleged resale price maintenance for online hotel room reservations. The cases have been consolidated and are currently pending in federal court. 

In addition, a number of competition authorities in other European countries have initiated investigations into competitive practices within the travel industry and in particular in relation to most
favored nations clauses 

19 

Table of Contents

and other contractual arrangements between hotels and online travel companies, including Expedia. These investigations differ from the OFT investigation and also differ in relation to the parties
involved and the precise nature of the concerns. If we are required to significantly modify or eliminate any most favored nation clauses in our arrangements with hotels, we may not be able to offer our consumers with competitive pricing as being
offered by other OTA. 

We are unable at this time to predict the timing or outcome of these various investigations and
lawsuits or similar future investigations or lawsuits, and their impact, if any, on our business and results of operations. 

The determination of our worldwide tax provision for income taxes is subject to significant judgment, and a number of factors could
have a material effect on our financial results and could increase the volatility of those results. 

Due to the global
nature of our business, we are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment and estimation is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our
business, there are various transactions and calculations, including intercompany transactions and cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing, for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain or otherwise subject to interpretation. We are regularly
audited by U.S. and foreign tax authorities, which authorities may become more aggressive in their interpretation of applicable laws, rules and regulations over time, whether as a result of economic pressures or otherwise. Tax authorities may
disagree with our intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other matters and assess additional taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits could be materially different
from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The final determination of an audit could have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made.

We earn an increasing portion of our income, and accumulate a greater portion of our cash flow, in foreign jurisdictions.
Repatriation of funds currently held by our subsidiaries in foreign jurisdictions may result in a higher effective tax rate and incremental cash tax payments. In addition, there are proposals for tax legislation that have been introduced or that are
being considered that could have a significant adverse effect on our tax rate, the carrying value of deferred tax assets, or our deferred tax liabilities. Any of these changes could affect our profitability. Our effective tax rate in the future
could also be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the discovery of new
information in the course of our tax return preparation process. 

We are subject to payments-related risks, including
credit card fraud. 

We have agreements with companies that process customer credit card transactions, the volume of which
are very large and continue to grow, for the facilitation of customer bookings of travel services from our travel suppliers. These agreements allow these processing companies, under certain conditions, to hold an amount of our cash (referred to as a
“holdback”) or require us to post a letter of credit equal to a portion of bookings that have been processed by that company. These processing companies may be entitled to a holdback upon the occurrence of specified events, including
material adverse changes in our financial condition, or for certain companies, at their discretion. An imposition of a holdback by one or more of our processing companies could materially reduce our liquidity. 

Our results of operations and financial positions have been negatively affected by purchases made using fraudulent credit cards. We may
be held liable for accepting fraudulent credit cards on our websites or other payment disputes with our customers, or otherwise experience increased levels of disputed credit card payments. Accordingly, we calculate and record an allowance for the
resulting credit card charge backs. Our ability to detect and combat fraudulent schemes, which have become increasingly common and sophisticated, may be 

20 

Table of Contents

negatively impacted by the adoption of new payment methods, the emergence and innovation of new technology platforms, including smartphones and tablet computers, and our global expansion,
including into markets with a history of elevated fraudulent activity. If we are unable to effectively combat the use of fraudulent credit cards on our websites or if we otherwise experience increased levels of disputed credit card payments, our
results of operations and financial positions could be materially adversely affected. 

Our stock price is highly volatile.

The market price of our common stock is highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response
to factors such as the following, some of which are beyond our control: 

•

 Quarterly variations in our operating and financial results; 

•

 Operating and financial results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors, including failure to deliver returns on
technology or emerging market marketing investments; 

•

 Changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;

•

 Rating agency credit rating actions or pronouncements; 

•

 Reaction to our earnings releases and conference calls, or presentations by executives at investor and industry conferences;

•

 Changes in our capital structure; 

•

 Changes in market valuations of other internet or online service companies; 

•

 Changes in search industry dynamics, such as key word pricing and traffic, or other changes that negatively affect our ability to generate traffic to
our websites; 

•

 Announcements of dividends or changes in the amount or frequency of our dividends; 

•

 Announcements of technological innovations or new services by us or our competitors; 

•

 Announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;

•

 Loss of a major travel supplier, such as an airline or hotel chain; 

•

 Changes in the status of our intellectual property rights; 

•

 Lack of success in the expansion of our business model geographically; 

•

 Significant claims or proceedings against us or adverse developments or decisions in pending proceedings; 

•

 Additions or departures of key personnel; 

•

 Rumors or public speculation about any of the above factors; and 

•

 Price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets in general. 

Volatility in our stock price could also make us less attractive to certain investors, and/or invite speculative trading in our common
stock or debt instruments. 

We may experience constraints in our liquidity and may be unable to access capital when
necessary or desirable, either of which could harm our financial position. 

We are accumulating a greater portion of our
cash flows in foreign jurisdictions than previously and any repatriation of such funds for use in the United States, including for corporate purposes such as acquisitions, stock repurchases, dividends or debt refinancings, would likely result in
additional U.S. income tax expense. In 

21 

Table of Contents

addition, we have experienced, and may experience in the future, declines in seasonal liquidity and capital provided by our merchant hotel business, which has historically provided a meaningful
portion of our operating cash flow and is dependent on several factors, including the rate of growth of our merchant hotel business and the relative growth of businesses which consume rather than generate working capital, such as our agency hotel,
advertising and managed corporate travel businesses and payment terms with suppliers. We also continued to see positive momentum in our global roll out of the ETP program launched in 2012. As this program continues to expand, and depending on
relative traveler and supplier and traveler adoption rates and customer payment preferences, among other things, the scaling of ETP has and will continue to negatively impact near term working capital cash balances, cash flow over time and
liquidity. 

The availability of funds depends in significant measure on capital markets and liquidity factors over which we
exert no control. In light of periodic uncertainty in the capital and credit markets, we can provide no assurance that sufficient financing will be available on desirable or even any terms to fund investments, acquisitions, stock repurchases,
dividends, debt refinancing or extraordinary actions or that our counterparties in any such financings would honor their contractual commitments. In addition, any downgrade of our debt ratings by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s
Investor Service or similar ratings agencies, increases in general interest rate levels and credit spreads or overall weakening in the credit markets could increase our cost of capital. 

System interruption and the lack of redundancy in our information systems may harm our businesses. 

We rely on computer systems to facilitate and process transactions. We have experienced and may in the future experience system
interruptions that make some or all of these systems unavailable or prevent us from efficiently fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties. Significant interruptions, outages or delays in our internal systems, or systems of third
parties that we rely upon — including multiple co-location providers for data centers, cloud computing providers for application hosting, and network access providers — and network access, or deterioration in the performance of such
systems, would impair our ability to process transactions and decrease our quality of service that we can offer to our travelers. These interruptions could include security intrusions and attacks on our systems for fraud or service interruption
(called “denial of service” or “bot” attacks). If we were to experience frequent or persistent system failures, our reputation and brands could be harmed. 

In addition, we do not have backup systems or contingency plans for certain critical aspects of our operations or business processes, many other systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery
or business continuity planning may not be sufficient. Fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins, earthquakes, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, electronic intrusion attempts from both external and
internal sources and similar events or disruptions may damage or impact or interrupt computer or communications systems or business processes at any time. Although we have put measures in place to protect certain portions of our facilities and
assets, any of these events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing services to our travelers and/or third parties for a significant period of time. Remediation may be costly and we may
not have adequate insurance to cover such costs. Moreover, the costs of enhancing infrastructure to attain improved stability and redundancy may be time consuming and expensive and may require resources and expertise that are difficult to obtain.

We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire,
retain and motivate qualified personnel, our business would be harmed. 

Our performance is largely dependent on the talents
and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. In particular, the contributions of Barry
Diller, our Chairman and Senior Executive, and Dara Khosrowshahi, our Chief Executive Officer, are critical to the overall management of the company. Our future success will depend on the performance of our senior management and key employees.
Expedia cannot ensure that it will be able to retain the services of Mr. Diller, Mr. Khosrowshahi or any other 

22 

Table of Contents

member of our senior management or key employees, the loss of whom could seriously harm our business. Competition for well-qualified employees in certain aspects of our business, including
software engineers, developers, product management personnel, development personnel, and other technology professionals, also remains intense. 

Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. If we do not succeed in attracting well-qualified employees
or retaining or motivating existing employees, our business would be adversely affected. We do not maintain any key person life insurance policies. 

We have in the past and may again in the future, restructure portions of our global workforce to simplify and streamline our organization, improve our cost structure and strengthen our overall businesses.
These changes could affect employee morale and productivity and be disruptive to our business and financial performance. 

Mr. Diller currently controls Expedia. If Mr. Diller ceases to control the company, Liberty Interactive Corporation may
effectively control the company. 

Subject to the terms of a Stockholders Agreement between Mr. Diller and Liberty
Interactive Corporation, Mr. Diller holds an irrevocable proxy to vote shares of Expedia stock held by Liberty. Accordingly, Mr. Diller effectively controls the outcome of all matters submitted to a vote or for the consent of our
stockholders (other than with respect to the election by the holders of common stock of 25% of the members of our Board of Directors and matters as to which Delaware law requires a separate class vote). Upon Mr. Diller’s permanent
departure from Expedia, the irrevocable proxy would terminate and depending on the capitalization of Expedia at such time, Liberty could effectively control the voting power of our capital stock. Mr. Diller, through shares he owns beneficially
as well as those subject to the irrevocable proxy, controlled approximately 58% of the combined voting power of the outstanding Expedia capital stock as of December 31, 2013. 

In addition, under a Governance Agreement among Mr. Diller, Liberty Interactive Corporation and Expedia, Inc., as amended, each of
Mr. Diller and Liberty generally has the right to consent to limited matters in the event that we incur debt such that our ratio of total debt to EBITDA, as defined in the Governance Agreement, equals or exceeds 8:1 over a continuous 12-month
period. We cannot assure you that Mr. Diller and Liberty will consent to any such matter at a time when we are highly leveraged, in which case we would not be able to engage in such transactions or take such actions. 

As a result of Mr. Diller’s ownership interests and voting power, and Liberty’s ownership interests and voting power upon
Mr. Diller’s permanent departure from Expedia, Mr. Diller is currently, and in the future Liberty may be, in a position to control or influence significant corporate actions, including, corporate transactions such as mergers, business
combinations or dispositions of assets and determinations with respect to our significant business direction and policies. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control
transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to us. 

Actual or potential conflicts of interest may develop between Expedia
management and directors, on the one hand, and the management and directors of IAC, on the other. 

Mr. Diller serves
as our Chairman of the Board of Directors and Senior Executive, while retaining his role as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Senior Executive of IAC, and Mr. Kaufman serves as Vice Chairman of both Expedia and IAC. The fact that
Mr. Diller and Mr. Kaufman hold positions with and securities of both companies could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest for them when facing decisions that may affect both IAC and Expedia. They may also face
conflicts of interest with regard to the allocation of their time between the companies. 

Our certificate of incorporation
provides that no officer or director of Expedia who is also an officer or director of IAC be liable to Expedia or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that 

23 

Table of Contents

any such individual directs a corporate opportunity to IAC instead of Expedia, or does not communicate information regarding a corporate opportunity to Expedia because the officer or director has
directed the corporate opportunity to IAC. This corporate opportunity provision may have the effect of exacerbating the risk of conflicts of interest between the companies because the provision effectively shields an overlapping director/executive
officer from liability for breach of fiduciary duty in the event that such director or officer chooses to direct a corporate opportunity to IAC instead of Expedia. 

We work closely with various business partners and rely on third-parties for many systems and services, and therefore could be harmed by their activities. 

We could be harmed by the activities of third parties that we do not control. We work closely with business partners, including in
connection with significant commercial arrangements and joint ventures, and through our Expedia Affiliate Network business. We also rely on third-party service providers for certain customer care, fulfillment, processing, systems development,
technology and other services, including, increasingly, travel care and information technology services. If these partners or third-party service providers experience difficulty or fail to meet our requirements or standards or the requirements or
standards of governmental authorities, it could damage our reputation, make it difficult for us to operate some aspects of our business, or expose us to liability for their actions which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial
performance. Likewise, if the third-party service providers on which we rely were to cease operations, temporarily or permanently, face financial distress or other business disruption, we could suffer increased costs and delays in our ability to
provide similar services until an equivalent service provider could be found or we could develop replacement technology or operations, any of which could also have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance. 

We are exposed to various counterparty risks. 

We are exposed to the risk that various counterparties, including financial entities, will fail to perform. This creates risk in a number of areas, including with respect to our bank deposits and
investments, foreign exchange risk management, insurance coverages, and letters of credit. As it relates to deposits, as of December 31, 2013, we held cash in bank depository accounts of $616 million (primarily in Bank of America, HSBC and
JPMorgan Chase) and held time deposits of approximately $131 million at financial institutions including, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, Nordea, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. Additionally, majority-owned subsidiaries held cash
of $45 million (primarily in Deutsche Bank, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Construction Bank, China Merchants Bank, and Bank of China) and held time deposits of approximately $283 million at financial institutions including,
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Merchants Bank, Bank of China, and Bank of Communications. As it relates to foreign exchange, as of December 31, 2013, we were party to forward contracts with a notional value of approximately $282
million, the fair value of which was approximately $2 million. The counterparties to these contracts were Credit Suisse International, Standard Chartered Bank, Goldman Sachs Bank, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, US Bank, Barclays Bank PLC, BNP
Paribas, and HSBC. We employ forward contracts to hedge a portion of our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. At the end of the deposit term or upon the maturity of the forward contracts, the counterparties are obligated, or
potentially obligated in the case of forward contracts, to return our funds or pay us net settlement values. If any of these counterparties were to liquidate, declare bankruptcy or otherwise cease operations, it may not be able to satisfy its
obligations under these time deposits or forward contracts. 

In addition, due to instability in the economy we also face
increased credit risk and payment delays from our non-financial contract counterparties. 

We have foreign exchange risk.

We conduct a significant and growing portion of our business outside the United States. As a result, we face exposure to
movements in currency exchange rates, particularly those related to the euro, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Nordic currencies and Brazilian real. 

24 

Table of Contents

These exposures include but are not limited to re-measurement gains and losses from changes
in the value of foreign denominated assets and liabilities; translation gains and losses on foreign subsidiary financial results that are translated into U.S. dollars upon consolidation; fluctuations in hotel revenue due to relative currency
movements from the time of booking to the time of stay; planning risk related to changes in exchange rates between the time we prepare our annual and quarterly forecasts and when actual results occur; and the impact of relative exchange rate
movements on cross-border travel such as from Europe to the United States and the United States to Europe. 

Depending on
the size of the exposures and the relative movements of exchange rates, if we choose not to hedge or fail to hedge effectively our exposure, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial statements and financial condition. As we
have seen in some recent periods, in the event of severe volatility in exchange rates these exposures can increase, and the impact on our results of operations can be more pronounced. In addition, the current environment and the increasingly global
nature of our business have made hedging these exposures both more complex and costly. We have increased and plan to continue increasing the scope, complexity and duration of our foreign exchange risk management, and also plan to change data sources
and execution methods. We make a number of estimates in conducting hedging activities including in some cases the level of future bookings, cancellations, refunds, customer stay patterns and payments in foreign currencies. In addition, an effective
exchange rate hedging program is dependent upon effective systems, accurate and reliable data sources, controls and change management procedures. In the event our estimates differ significantly from actual results or if we fail to adopt effective
hedging processes, we could experience greater volatility as a result of our hedging activities. 

We process, store and use
personal information and other data, which subjects us to risks stemming from possible failure to comply with governmental regulation and other legal obligations and potential liability related to security breaches. 

We may acquire personal or confidential information from users of our websites and mobile applications. There are numerous laws regarding
privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other consumer data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent between countries or
conflict with other rules. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection. It is possible, however, that these obligations may be interpreted and
applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or the practices of the companies. Any failure or perceived failure by us, or our service providers, to comply with the privacy policies,
privacy-related obligations to users or other third parties, or privacy related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other user data, may
result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against the company by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our customers and members to lose trust in the company, which could have an adverse effect on our
business. 

The regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide is currently in flux and is likely to remain so for the
foreseeable future. Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the internet have recently come under increased public scrutiny. The U.S. Congress and federal
agencies, including the Federal Trade Commission and the Department of Commerce, are reviewing the need for greater regulation for the collection and use of information concerning consumer behavior on the internet, including regulation aimed at
restricting certain targeted advertising practices. U.S. courts are also considering the applicability of existing federal and state statutes, including computer trespass and wiretapping laws, to the collection and exchange of information online. In
addition, the European Union is in the process of proposing reforms to its existing data protection legal framework, which may result in a greater compliance burden for companies, including Expedia, with users in Europe and increased costs of
compliance. 

Potential security breaches to our systems or the systems of our service providers, whether resulting from
internal or external sources, could significantly harm our business. There can be no guarantee that our existing 

25 

Table of Contents

security measures will prevent all possible security breaches or attacks. A party, whether internal or external, that is able to circumvent our security systems could misappropriate user
information or proprietary information or cause significant interruptions in our operations. In the past, we have experienced “denial-of-service” type attacks on our systems that have made portions of our websites unavailable for short
periods of time as well as unauthorized access of our systems and data. We may need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches or to address problems caused by breaches, and reductions in website availability could cause a
loss of substantial business volume during the occurrence of any such incident. Because the techniques used to sabotage security change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target and may originate from less regulated and
remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. Security breaches could result in negative publicity, damage to reputation, exposure to risk of loss or litigation
and possible liability due to regulatory penalties and sanctions. Security breaches could also cause travelers and potential users to lose confidence in our security, which would have a negative effect on the value of our brands. Failure to
adequately protect against attacks or intrusions, whether for their own systems or systems of vendors, could expose us to security breaches that could have an adverse impact on financial performance. Finally, countries in other regions, most notably
Asia and Latin America, are increasingly implementing new privacy regulations, resulting in additional compliance burdens and uncertainty as to how some of these laws will be interpreted. 

Acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangements could result in operating and financial difficulties. 

We have acquired, invested in or entered into significant commercial arrangements with a number of businesses in the past, and our future
growth may depend, in part, on future acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangements, any of which could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Certain financial and operational risks related to
acquisitions, investments or significant commercial arrangements that may have a material impact on our business are: 

•

 Use of cash resources and incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities in funding acquisitions, including with regard to future payment obligations in
connection with put/call rights, may limit other potential uses of our cash, including stock repurchases, dividend payments and retirement of outstanding indebtedness; 

•

 Amortization expenses related to acquired intangible assets and other adverse accounting consequences, including changes in fair value of contingent
consideration; 

•

 Expected and unexpected costs incurred in pursuing acquisitions, including identifying and performing due diligence on potential acquisition targets
that may or may not be successful; 

•

 Diversion of management’s attention or other resources from our existing businesses; 

•

 Difficulties and expenses in assimilating the operations, products, technology, privacy protection systems, information systems or personnel of the
acquired company; 

•

 Impairment of relationships with employees, suppliers and affiliates of our business and the acquired business; 

•

 The assumption of known and unknown debt and liabilities of the acquired company; 

•

 Failure of the acquired company to achieve anticipated traffic, transactions, revenues, earnings or cash flows or to retain key management or
employees; 

•

 Failure to generate adequate returns on our acquisitions and investments, or returns in excess of alternative uses of capital;

•

 Entrance into markets in which we have no direct prior experience and increased complexity in our business; 

•

 Challenges relating to the structure of an investment, such as governance, accountability and decision-making conflicts that may arise in the context
of a joint venture or majority ownership investment; 

26 

Table of Contents

•

 Impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets such as trademarks or other intellectual property arising from our acquisitions;

•

 Costs associated with litigation or other claims arising in connection with the acquired company; 

•

 Increased or unexpected costs to obtain governmental approvals for acquisitions; 

•

 Increased competition amongst potential acquirers for acquisition targets could result in a material increase in the purchase price for such targets or
otherwise limit our ability to consummate acquisitions; and 

•

 Adverse market reaction to acquisitions or investments or failure to consummate such transactions. 

Moreover, we rely heavily on the representations and warranties and related indemnities provided to us by the sellers of acquired
companies, including as they relate to creation, ownership and rights in intellectual property and compliance with laws and contractual requirements. Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with past or future
acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. 

We have significant long-term indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

As of December 31, 2013, the face value of our long-term indebtedness totaled $1.2 billion. Risks relating to our long-term
indebtedness include: 

•

 Increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 Requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to
fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 Making it difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our businesses; 

•

 Limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate; 

•

 Placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and 

•

 Limiting our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow funds at rates or on other terms we find acceptable. 

In addition, it is possible that we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future in the ordinary course of business. The terms
of our credit facility and the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes allow us to incur additional debt subject to certain limitations. If new debt is added to current debt levels, the risks described above could intensify. 

Our discretion in the operation of our business is limited by certain factors, including various covenants contained in the agreements
governing our indebtedness; these covenants also require us to meet financial maintenance tests and other covenants. The failure to comply with such tests and covenants could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants, including those that restrict our ability to, among other things:

•

 Borrow money, and guarantee or provide other support for indebtedness of third parties including guarantees; 

•

 Pay dividends on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock; 

27 

Table of Contents

•

 Enter into certain asset sale transactions, including partial or full spin-off transactions; 

•

 Enter into secured financing arrangements; 

•

 Enter into sale and leaseback transactions; and 

•

 Enter into unrelated businesses. 

These covenants may limit our ability to effectively operate our businesses. 

In
addition, our credit facility requires that we meet certain financial tests, including an interest coverage test and a leverage ratio test. 

Any failure to comply with the restrictions of our credit facility or any agreement governing our other indebtedness may result in an event of default under those agreements. Such default may allow the
creditors to accelerate the related debt, which acceleration may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt. In addition, lenders may be able to terminate any commitments they had made to supply us with further funds
(including periodic rollovers of existing borrowings). 

We cannot be sure that our intellectual property is protected from
copying or use by others, including potential competitors. 

Our websites rely on content, brands and technology, much of
which is proprietary. We protect our intellectual property by relying on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, patents and confidentiality agreements. In connection with our license agreements with third parties, we seek to
control access to, and the use and distribution of, our proprietary information. Even with these precautions, it may be possible for another party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without our authorization or to develop
similar intellectual property independently. Effective trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection may not be available in every jurisdiction in which our services are made available, and policing unauthorized use of our intellectual
property is difficult and expensive. We cannot be sure that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation or infringement of intellectual property. Any misappropriation or violation of our rights could have a material adverse effect on our
business. Furthermore, we may need to go to court or other tribunals to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. These proceedings might result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. 

We currently license from third parties some of the
technologies, content and brands incorporated into our websites. As we continue to introduce new services that incorporate new technologies, content and brands, we may be required to license additional technology, content or brands. We cannot be
sure that such technology, content and brand licenses will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

Part I. Item 1B.