We have
listed below (not necessarily in order of importance or probability of
occurrence) the most significant risk factors applicable to us:

 Further declines
in industry sales volume, particularly in the United States or Europe, due to
financial crisis, deepening recession, geo-political events, or other
factors.  The global automotive industry is estimated to have
shrunk to 64.3 million units in 2009, a year-over-year decline of about
4 million units.  
Beginning in the
fall of 2008, the global economy entered a financial crisis
 and severe recession, putting significant pressure on
Ford and the automotive industry generally
.
  These economic conditions dramatically
reduced industry sales volume in the United States and Europe, in particular,
and began to slow growth in other markets around the world.  In the
United States, industry sales volume declined from 16.5 million units in 2007,
to 13.5 million units in 2008, to 10.6 million units in 2009.  For the
19 markets we track in Europe, industry sales volume declined from
18 million units in 2007, to 16.6 million units in 2008, to
15.8 million units in 2009.  In the United States and especially
in Europe, 2009 industry sales volume benefited from government incentive
programs that have expired or are expiring, and could lower demand
temporarily.  Our current planning assumptions for 2010 industry sales
volume in the United States and for the 19 markets we track in Europe (which
take into account our estimate of the impact of the 2009 government incentive
programs) are a range of 11.5 million units to 12.5 million units in
the United States and 13.5 million units to 14.5 million units in
Europe.

Because we, like other manufacturers,
have a high proportion of fixed costs, relatively small changes in industry
sales volume can have a substantial effect on our cash flow and
profitability.  If industry vehicle sales were to decline to levels
significantly below our planning assumptions, particularly in the United States
or Europe, due to financial crisis, deepening recession, geo-political events,
or other factors, our financial condition and results of operations would be
substantially adversely affected.  For discussion of economic trends,
see the "Overview" section of Item 7.

Decline in market
share.  Between 1995 and 2008, our full-year U.S. market share
declined each year.  Recently, our full-year U.S. market share
declined from 18% in 2004 to 14.2% in 2008.  Market share declines and
resulting volume reductions in any of our major markets would have an adverse
impact on our financial condition and results of operations.  We are
working through our One Ford plan to stabilize market share and reduce capacity
over time, and increased full-year U.S. market share during 2009 to 15.3%, but
we cannot guarantee that our efforts will be successful in the long
term.  Decline in our market share could have a substantial adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Lower-than-anticipated
market acceptance of new or existing products.  Although we
conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed vehicles,
many factors both within and outside of our control affect the success of new or
existing products in the marketplace.  Offering highly desirable
vehicles that customers want and value can mitigate the risks of increasing
price competition and declining demand, but vehicles that are perceived to be
less desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, styling, safety, overall
value, fuel efficiency, or other attributes) can exacerbate these
risks.  For example, if a new model were to experience quality issues
at the time of launch, the vehicle's perceived quality could be affected even
after the issues had been corrected, resulting in lower sales volumes, market
share, and profitability.

An increase in or
acceleration of market shift beyond our current planning assumptions from sales
of trucks, medium- and large-sized utilities, or other more profitable vehicles,
particularly in the United States.  Trucks and medium- and
large-sized utilities historically have represented some of our most profitable
vehicle segments, and the segments in which we have had our highest market
share.  In recent years, the general shift in consumer preferences
away from medium- and large-sized utilities and trucks adversely affected our
overall market share and profitability.  A continuation or
acceleration of this general shift in consumer preferences – or a similar shift
in consumer preferences away from other more profitable vehicle sales – that is
greater than our current planning assumption, whether because of fuel prices,
declines in the construction industry, 
governmental actions or incentives, or other
reasons, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.

 24

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

A return to
elevated gasoline prices, as well as the potential for volatile prices or
reduced availability.  A return to elevated gas prices, as well
as the potential for volatility in gas prices or reduced availability of fuel,
particularly in the United States, could result in further weakening of demand
for relatively more profitable large and luxury car and truck models, and could
increase demand for relatively less profitable small cars and
trucks.  Continuation or acceleration of such a trend, as well as
volatility in demand for these segments, could have a substantial adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations.

Continued or
increased price competition resulting from industry overcapacity, currency
fluctuations, or other factors.  The global automotive industry
is intensely competitive, with manufacturing capacity far exceeding current
demand.  According to CSM Worldwide's January 2010 report, the global
automotive industry is estimated to have had excess capacity of 29 million
units in 2009.  Industry overcapacity has resulted in many
manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to
maintain and grow market share; these incentives historically have included a
combination of subsidized financing or leasing programs, price rebates, and
other incentives.  As a result, we are not necessarily able to set our
prices to offset higher costs of marketing incentives or other cost increases,
or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations in either the U.S. or European
markets.  While we and our domestic competitors have initiated plans
to reduce capacity significantly, successful reductions may require further
cooperation of organized labor, take several years to complete, or only
partially address the industry's overcapacity problems, particularly in light of
recent, dramatic decreases in industry sales volume.  A continuation
or increase in excess capacity could have a substantial adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.

Adverse effects
from the bankruptcy, insolvency, or government-funded restructuring of, change
in ownership or control of, or alliances entered into by a major
competitor.  Prior to the government-funded bankruptcy of our
domestic competitors General Motors and Chrysler, each of the domestic
automakers had substantial "legacy" costs (principally related to employee
benefits), as well as a substantial amount of debt.  These conditions
historically had put each of us at a competitive disadvantage to foreign
competitors who began manufacturing in the United States more
recently.  The government-funded bankruptcy of our domestic
competitors has allowed them to eliminate or substantially reduce contractual
obligations, including significant amounts of debt, and avoid
liabilities.  The elimination or reduction of these obligations
(including restructuring brands and dealer networks), combined with access to
low-cost government funding, could have an adverse effect on our competitive
position and results of operations.

A prolonged
disruption of the debt and securitization markets
.  Government-sponsored
securitization funding programs (e.g., the U.S. Federal Reserve's Commercial
Paper Funding Facility and Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility) intended
to improve conditions in the credit markets are scheduled to expire in
2010.  If, due to the expiration of such programs or otherwise, there
is a prolonged disruption of the debt and securitization markets, Ford Credit
would consider further reducing the amount of receivables it purchases or
originates.  A significant reduction in the amount of receivables Ford
Credit purchases or originates would significantly reduce its ongoing profits,
and could adversely affect its ability to support the sale of Ford
vehicles.  To the extent Ford Credit's ability to provide wholesale
financing to our dealers or retail financing to those dealers' customers is
limited, Ford's ability to sell vehicles would be adversely
affected.

Fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest
rates.  As a resource-intensive manufacturing operation, we are
exposed to a variety of market and asset risks, including the effects of changes
in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest
rates.  These risks affect our Automotive and Financial Services
sectors.  We monitor and manage these exposures as an integral part of
our overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of
markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects on our
business.  Nevertheless, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity
prices, and interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged.  In
addition, because of intense price competition and our high level of fixed
costs, we may not be able to address such changes even if they are
foreseeable.  Further, our ability to obtain derivatives to manage
financial market risk continues to be constrained.  As a result,
substantial unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity
prices or interest rates could have a substantial adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.  See Item 7A for
additional discussion of currency, commodity price and interest rate
risks.

Economic distress
of suppliers 
that 
may
 require us to
provide substantial financial support or take other measures to ensure supplies
of components or materials
 and could
increase our costs, affect our liquidity, or cause production
disruptions
.  Our
industry is highly interdependent, with broad overlap of supplier and dealer
networks among manufacturers, such that the uncontrolled bankruptcy or
insolvency of a major competitor or major suppliers could threaten our supplier
or dealer network and thus pose a threat to us as well.  Even in the
absence of such an event, our supply base has experienced increased economic
distress due to the sudden and substantial drop in industry sales volumes that
has affected all manufacturers.  Dramatically lower industry sales
volume made existing debt obligations and fixed cost levels difficult for many
suppliers to manage.

 25

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

These
factors have increased pressure on the supply base, and, as a result, suppliers
not only have been less willing to reduce prices, but some have requested direct
or indirect price increases, as well as new and shorter payment
terms.  Suppliers also are exiting certain lines of business or
closing facilities, which results in additional costs associated with
transitioning to new suppliers and which may cause supply disruptions that could interfere with our
production during any such transitional period.  In
addition,
 in the past we have taken
and may continue to take actions to provide financial assistance to certain
suppliers to ensure an uninterrupted supply of materials and
components.

Single-source
supply of components or materials.  Many components used in our
vehicles are available only from a single supplier and cannot be quickly or
inexpensively re-sourced to another supplier due to long lead times and new
contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier in order to
provide the components or materials.  In addition to the risks
described above regarding interruption of supplies, which are exacerbated in the
case of single-source suppliers, the exclusive supplier of a key component
potentially could exert significant bargaining power over price, quality,
warranty claims, or other terms relating to a component.

Labor or other
constraints on our ability to restructure our
business.  Substantially all of the hourly employees in our
Automotive operations in the United States and Canada are represented by unions
and covered by collective bargaining agreements.  We negotiated a new
agreement with the UAW in 2007 and with the CAW in 2008, which expire in
September 2011 and September 2012, respectively.  Although
these transformational agreements were amended during 2009 to bring us much of
the way to parity with our competitors, the agreements still provide for
guaranteed wage and benefit levels throughout their terms and a degree of
employment security, subject to certain conditions.  As a practical
matter, these agreements restrict our ability to close plants and divest
businesses during the terms of the agreements.  These and other
provisions within the UAW and CAW agreements may impede our ability to
restructure our business successfully to compete more effectively in today's
global marketplace.  Additionally, the rejection by Ford-UAW
membership of further modifications to the agreement in late 2009 may put us at
a disadvantage to our domestic competitors during the next round of labor
negotiations; see "Employment Data" in "Item 1. Business"
("Item 1") for additional discussion.

Work stoppages at
Ford or supplier facilities or other interruptions of
production.  A work stoppage or other interruption of
production could occur at Ford or supplier facilities as a result of disputes
under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in
connection with negotiations of new collective bargaining agreements, as a
result of supplier financial distress, or for other reasons.  For
example, many suppliers are experiencing financial distress due to decreasing
production volume and increasing prices for raw materials, jeopardizing their
ability to produce parts for us.  A work stoppage or interruption of
production at Ford or supplier facilities due to labor disputes, shortages of
supplies, or any other reason (including but not limited to tight credit markets
or other financial distress, natural or man-made disasters, or production
difficulties) could substantially adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations.

Substantial
pension and postretirement health care and life insurance liabilities impairing
our liquidity or financial condition.  We have two principal
qualified defined benefit retirement plans in the United States.  The
Ford-UAW Retirement Plan covers hourly employees represented by the UAW, and the
General Retirement Plan covers substantially all other Ford employees in the
United States hired on or before December 31, 2003.  The
hourly plan provides noncontributory benefits related to employee
service.  The salaried plan provides similar noncontributory benefits
and contributory benefits related to pay and service.  In addition, we
and certain of our subsidiaries sponsor plans to provide other postretirement
benefits for retired employees, primarily health care and life insurance
benefits.  See Note 18 of the Notes to the Financial Statements
for more information about these plans, including funded
status.  
These benefit plans impose
significant liabilities on us which are not fully funded and will require
additional cash contributions by us, which could impair our
liquidity.

 26

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

Our U.S.
defined benefit pension plans are subject to Title IV of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").  Under Title IV of ERISA, the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC") has the authority under certain
circumstances or upon the occurrence of certain events to terminate an
underfunded pension plan.  One such circumstance is the occurrence of
an event that unreasonably increases the risk of unreasonably large losses to
the PBGC.  Although we believe that it is not likely that the PBGC
would terminate any of our plans, in the event that our U.S. pension plans were
terminated at a time when the liabilities of the plans exceeded the assets of
the plans, we would incur a liability to the PBGC that could be equal to the
entire amount of the underfunding.

If our
cash flows and capital resources were insufficient to fund our pension or
postretirement health care and life insurance obligations, we could be forced to
reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, seek additional capital,
or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.  In addition, if our
operating results and available cash were insufficient to meet our pension or
postretirement health care and life insurance obligations, we could face
substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material
assets or operations to meet our pension or postretirement health care and life
insurance obligations.  We might not be able to consummate those
dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and
these proceeds might not be adequate to meet any pension and postretirement
health care or life insurance obligations then due.

Worse-than-assumed
economic and demographic experience for our postretirement benefit plans
(e.g., discount rates or investment returns).  The
measurement of our obligations, costs, and liabilities associated with benefits
pursuant to our postretirement benefit plans requires that we estimate the
present values of projected future payments to all participants.  We
use many assumptions in calculating these estimates, including assumptions
related to discount rates, investment returns on designated plan assets, and
demographic experience (e.g., mortality and retirement rates).  To the
extent actual results are less favorable than our assumptions, there could be a
substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations.  For additional discussion of our assumptions, see the
"Critical Accounting Estimates" discussion in Item 7, and Note 18 of
the Notes to Financial Statements.

Restriction on
use of tax attributes from tax law "ownership change."  Section
382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code restricts the ability of a corporation
that undergoes an ownership change to use its tax attributes, including net
operating losses and tax credits ("Tax Attributes").  At
December 31, 2009, we had Tax Attributes that would offset
$17 billion of taxable income (representing about $6 billion of our
$17.5 billion in deferred tax assets subject to valuation
allowance).  An ownership change occurs if 5 percent shareholders of
an issuer's outstanding common stock, collectively, increase their ownership
percentage by more than 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year
period.  Restructuring actions we took in 2009, including our exchange
of Ford stock for convertible debt and our public issuance of additional Ford
stock, contributed significantly to the collective increase in ownership by
5 percent shareholders.  At present, 5 percent shareholders may
have collectively increased their ownership in Ford by more than 30 percentage
points.  In September 2009, we implemented a tax benefit preservation
plan (the "Plan") to reduce the risk of an ownership change under Section
382.  Under the Plan, shares held by any person who acquires, without
the approval of our Board of Directors, beneficial ownership of 4.99% or more of
Ford's outstanding Common Stock could be subject to significant
dilution.

The discovery of
defects in vehicles resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns,
or increased warranty costs.  Meeting or exceeding many
government-mandated safety standards is costly and often technologically
challenging, especially where standards may conflict with the need to reduce
vehicle weight in order to meet government-mandated emissions and fuel-economy
standards.  Government safety standards also require manufacturers to
remedy defects related to motor vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns,
and a manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that they do
not comply with a safety standard.  Should we or government safety
regulators determine that a safety or other defect or a noncompliance exists
with respect to certain of our vehicles prior to the start of production, the
launch of such vehicle could be delayed until such defect is
remedied.  The costs associated with any protracted delay in new model
launches necessary to remedy such defect, or the cost of recall campaigns to
remedy such defects in vehicles that have been sold, could be
substantial.

Increased safety,
emissions, fuel economy, or other regulation resulting in higher costs, cash
expenditures, and/or sales restrictions.  The worldwide
automotive industry is governed by a substantial amount of governmental
regulation, which often differs by state, region, and
country.  Governmental regulation has arisen, and proposals for
additional regulation are advanced, primarily out of concern for the environment
(including concerns about the possibility of global climate change and its
impact), vehicle safety, and energy independence.  In addition, many
governments regulate local product content and/or impose import requirements as
a means of creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and influencing their
balance of payments.  In recent years, we have made significant
changes to our product cycle plan to improve the overall fuel economy of
vehicles we produce, thereby reducing their GHG emissions.  There are
limits on our ability to achieve fuel economy improvements over a given time
frame, however, primarily relating to the cost and effectiveness of available
technologies, consumer acceptance of new technologies and changes in vehicle
mix, willingness of consumers to absorb the additional costs of new
technologies, the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for
use in particular vehicles, and the human, engineering and financial resources
necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and
powertrains in a short time.  The cost to comply with existing
governmental regulations is substantial, and future, additional regulations
(already enacted, adopted or proposed) could have a substantial adverse impact
on our financial condition and results of operations.  For more
discussion of the impact of such standards on our global business, see the
"Governmental Standards" discussion in Item 1 above.

 27

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

 Unusual or
significant litigation or governmental investigations arising out of alleged
defects in our products, perceived environmental impacts, or
otherwise.  We spend substantial resources ensuring compliance
with governmental safety regulations, mobile and stationary source emissions
regulations, and other standards.  Compliance with governmental
standards, however, does not necessarily prevent individual or class action
lawsuits, which can entail significant cost and risk.  For example,
the preemptive effect of the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards is often a
contested issue in litigation, and some courts have permitted liability findings
even where our vehicles comply with federal law and/or other applicable
law.  Furthermore, simply responding to actual or threatened
litigation or government investigations of our compliance with regulatory
standards may require significant expenditures of time and other resources, and
may cause significant reputational harm.

A change in our
requirements for parts or materials where we have long-term supply arrangements
that commit us to purchase minimum or fixed quantities of certain parts or
materials, or to pay a minimum amount to the seller ("take-or-pay"
contracts).  We have entered into a number of long-term supply
contracts that require us to purchase a fixed quantity of parts to be used in
the production of our vehicles.  If our need for any of these parts
were to lessen, we could still be required to purchase a specified quantity of
the part or pay a minimum amount to the seller pursuant to the take-or-pay
contract.  We also have entered into a small number of long-term
supply contracts for raw materials (for example, precious metals used in
catalytic converters) that require us to purchase a fixed percentage of mine
output.  If our need for any of these raw materials were to lessen, or
if a supplier's output of materials were to increase, we could be required to
purchase more materials than we need.

Adverse effects
on our results from a decrease in or cessation of government incentives related
to capital investments.  We receive economic benefits from
national, state, and local governments related to investments we make around the
world.  These benefits generally take the form of tax incentives,
property tax abatements, infrastructure development, subsidized training
programs, and/or other operational grants and incentives, and the amounts may be
significant.  A decrease in, expiration without renewal of, or other
cessation of such benefits could have a substantial adverse impact on our
financial condition and results of operations, as well as our ability to fund
new investments.

Adverse effects
on our operations resulting from certain geo-political or other
events.
 We
conduct a significant portion of our business in countries outside of the United
States, and are pursuing growth opportunities in a number of emerging
markets.  These activities expose us to, among other things, risks
associated with geo-political events, such as:  governmental takeover
(i.e., nationalization) of our manufacturing facilities; disruption of
operations in a particular country as a result of political or economic
instability, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities; or acts of
terrorism.  Such events could have a substantial adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.

Substantial
levels of Automotive indebtedness adversely affecting our financial condition or
preventing us from fulfilling our debt obligations (which may grow because we
are able to incur substantially more debt, including additional secured
debt).  As a result of our 2006 and 2009 financing actions and
our other debt, we are a highly leveraged company.  Our significant
Automotive debt service obligations could have important consequences, including
the following:  our high level of indebtedness could make it difficult
for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness;
our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital
expenditures, acquisitions, if any, or general corporate purposes may be
impaired; we must use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to
pay interest on our indebtedness, which may reduce the funds available to us for
operations and other purposes below the levels of our competitors that have
lower interest costs; and our high level of indebtedness makes us more
vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse developments in our
business.  
In addition, if we are unable
to meet certain covenants of our secured credit facility established in December
2006 ("Credit Agreement") (e.g., if the borrowing base value of assets pledged
does not exceed outstanding borrowings), we may be required to repay borrowings
under the facility prior to their maturity.

 28

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

If our
cash flow is worse than expected due to worsening of the economic recession,
work stoppages, supply base disruptions, increased pension contributions, or
other reasons, or if we are unable to find additional liquidity sources for
these purposes, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our
indebtedness on or before maturity, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek
to raise additional capital.  We may not be able to implement one or
more of these alternatives on terms acceptable to us, or at all.  The
terms of our existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from pursuing
some of these alternatives.  Should our cash flow be worse than
anticipated or we fail to achieve any of these alternatives, this could
materially adversely affect our ability to repay our indebtedness and otherwise
have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.  For further information on our liquidity and capital
resources, including our Credit Agreement, see the discussion in Item 7
under the captions "Liquidity and Capital Resources" and "Overview," and in
Note 19 of the Notes to the Financial Statements.

Failure of
financial institutions to fulfill commitments under committed credit
facilities.  As discussed in "Liquidity and Capital Resources"
within Item 7, when we drew the full amount of the revolving credit
facility under our Credit Agreement  in February 2009, the
$890 million commitment of Lehman Commercial Paper Inc. ("LCPI") was
not fully funded as a result of LCPI having filed for protection under
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in October 2008.  As
permitted under our Credit Agreement, to the extent we repay amounts under our
revolving credit facility, we can re-borrow those amounts until the facility
terminates.  If the financial institutions that provide these or other
committed credit facilities were to default on their obligation to fund the
commitments, these facilities would not be available to us, which could
substantially adversely affect our liquidity and financial
condition.  For discussion of our Credit Agreement, see "Liquidity and
Capital Resources" in Item 7 and Note 19 of the Notes to the Financial
Statements.

Inability of Ford
Credit to obtain competitive funding
.  Other
institutions that provide automotive financing to certain of our competitors
have access to relatively low-cost government-insured or other funding. 
For example, financial institutions with bank holding company status may have
access to other lower cost sources of funding.  Access by our
competitors' dealers and customers to financing provided by financial
institutions with relatively low-cost funding that is not available to Ford
Credit could adversely affect Ford Credit's ability to support the sale of Ford
vehicles at competitive cost and rates.  This in turn would adversely
affect the marketability of Ford vehicles in comparison to certain competitive
brands. 

 Inability of Ford
Credit to access debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at
competitive rates or in sufficient amounts due to credit rating downgrades,
market volatility, market disruption, or other factors.  The
lower credit ratings assigned to Ford Credit over the past several years have
increased its unsecured borrowing costs and have caused its access to the
unsecured debt markets to be more restricted.  In response, Ford
Credit has increased its use of securitization and other sources of
liquidity.  Ford Credit’s ability to obtain funding under its
committed asset-backed liquidity programs and certain other asset-backed
securitization transactions is subject to having a sufficient amount of assets
eligible for these programs as well as Ford Credit’s ability to obtain
appropriate credit ratings and, for certain committed programs, derivatives to
manage the interest rate risk.  Over time, and particularly in the
event of any credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or
other factors, Ford Credit may need to reduce the amount of receivables it
purchases or originates.  In addition, Ford Credit would need to
reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates if there were a
significant decline in the demand for the types of securities it offers or Ford
Credit was unable to obtain derivatives to manage the interest rate risk
associated with its securitization transactions.  A significant
reduction in the amount of receivables Ford Credit purchases or originates would
significantly reduce its ongoing profits and could adversely affect its ability
to support the sale of Ford vehicles.

Higher-than-expected
credit losses.
  Credit risk is the
possibility of loss from a customer's or dealer's failure to make payments
according to contract terms.  Credit risk (which is heavily dependent
upon economic factors including unemployment, consumer debt service burden,
personal income growth, dealer profitability, and used car prices) has a
significant impact on Ford Credit's business.  The level of credit
losses Ford Credit may experience could exceed its expectations and adversely
affect its financial condition and results of operations.  For
additional discussion regarding credit losses, see the "Critical Accounting
Estimates" disclosures in Item 7.

 29

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

Increased
competition from banks or other financial institutions seeking to increase their
share of financing Ford vehicles.  No single company is a
dominant force in the automotive finance industry.  Most of Ford
Credit's bank competitors in the United States use credit aggregation systems
that permit dealers to send, through standardized systems, retail credit
applications to multiple finance sources to evaluate financing options offered
by these finance sources.  This process has resulted in greater
competition based on financing rates.  In addition, Ford Credit may
face increased competition on wholesale financing for Ford
dealers.  Competition from such competitors with lower borrowing costs
may increase, which could adversely affect Ford Credit's profitability and the
volume of its business.

Collection and
servicing problems related to finance receivables and net investment in
operating leases.
  After Ford Credit
purchases retail installment sale contracts and leases from dealers and other
customers, it manages or services the receivables.  Any disruption of
its servicing activity, due to inability to access or accurately maintain
customer account records or otherwise, could have a significant negative impact
on its ability to collect on those receivables and/or satisfy its
customers.

Lower-than-anticipated
residual values or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased
vehicles.

Ford Credit projects expected residual values (including residual value support
payments from Ford) and return volumes of the vehicles it
leases.  Actual proceeds realized by Ford Credit upon the sale of
returned leased vehicles at lease termination may be lower than the amount
projected, which reduces the profitability of the lease
transaction.  Among the factors that can affect the value of returned
lease vehicles are the volume of vehicles returned, economic conditions, and the
quality or perceived quality, safety, fuel efficiency, or reliability of the
vehicles.  Actual return volumes may be higher than expected and can
be influenced by contractual lease end values relative to auction values,
marketing programs for new vehicles, and general economic
conditions.  All of these factors, alone or in combination, have the
potential to adversely affect Ford Credit's profitability.  For
additional discussion of residual values, see the "Critical Accounting
Estimates" disclosures in Item 7.

New or increased
credit, consumer, or data protection or other regulations resulting in higher
costs and/or additional financing restrictions.
  As a finance company,
Ford Credit is highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations
where it operates.  In the United States, its operations are subject
to regulation, supervision and licensing under various federal, state and local
laws and regulations, including the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, Equal Credit
Opportunity Act, and Fair Credit Reporting Act.  In some countries
outside the United States, Ford Credit's subsidiaries are regulated banking
institutions and are required, among other things, to maintain minimum capital
reserves.  In many other locations, governmental authorities require
companies to have licenses in order to conduct financing
businesses.  Efforts to comply with these laws and regulations impose
significant costs on Ford Credit, and affect the conduct of its
business.  Additional regulation could add significant cost or
operational constraints that might impair its profitability.

Inability to
implement our One Ford plan.  As discussed in the "Overview"
section in Item 7, we are taking actions to execute the four priorities of
our One Ford plan and address the impact of current economic conditions,
including the deteriorated credit market and automotive sales.  To the
extent that we are unable to implement necessary actions to execute our plan,
our financial condition and results of operations would be substantially
adversely affected.