We have
listed below (not necessarily in order of importance or probability of
occurrence) the most significant risk factors applicable to us:

Continued or
worsening financial crisis.  The global economy is currently
facing a financial crisis and severe recession, which has led to significant
pressure on Ford and the automotive industry generally
.
 As previously disclosed
in our business plan submission to Congress in December 2008 (filed as an
exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 1, 2008), in
this environment a number of scenarios could put severe pressure on our short-
and long-term Automotive liquidity, including most importantly:  (i) a
significant industry event (such as the uncontrolled bankruptcy of a major
competitor or major suppliers) that causes a major disruption to our supply base
or dealers, or (ii) economic decline greater than presently forecast that causes
industry sales volume to decline to levels significantly below our current
planning assumptions (i.e., for 2009, 10.5 million to 12.5 million
units in the United States, and 12.5 million to 13.5 million units for
the 19 markets we track in Europe (each including heavy and medium
trucks)).

In such
an event, or in response to other unanticipated circumstances, we could require
additional financing.  Because the global capital and credit markets
have been severely constrained, we may not be able to obtain such financing
other than through government assistance.  Although the U.S.
Department of Treasury has outlined an Automotive Industry Financing Program
designed to prevent significant disruption of the American auto industry, we may
be deemed ineligible for funding under that program or any other government
funding program and, even if we did meet eligibility requirements, funding
availability may be exhausted by then.  Even if we are able to obtain
such financing, the government likely would impose significant restrictions on
us that could adversely affect our ability to operate efficiently or
effectively.  Inability to obtain additional financing in these
circumstances would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations.

A prolonged
disruption of the debt and securitization markets
.  As a result of
the global credit crisis, the disruption in the debt and securitization markets
that began in August 2007 increased significantly in September 2008
and is continuing.  The government-sponsored programs that are
intended to improve conditions in the credit markets (e.g., the Commercial Paper
Funding Facility, Ford Credit's participation in which is described in
"Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources") may not be successful
in the near term.  Moreover, it is possible that the disruption could
continue beyond the conclusion of the government-sponsored
programs.  The government has announced additional programs, including
the Federal Reserve’s Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility, but these
facilities have not yet become operational, and may not provide sufficient
assistance to fully reopen the securitization markets.  

Due to
the present global credit crisis and Ford Credit's limited access to
public and private securitization markets, we expect the majority of Ford
Credit's funding in 2009 will consist of eligible issuances pursuant to
government-sponsored programs.  
If these
programs are not available or workable and the disruption in the debt and
securitization markets continues, this would result in Ford Credit further
reducing the amount of receivables it purchases or originates.  A
significant reduction in the amount of receivables Ford Credit purchases or
originates would significantly reduce its ongoing profits, and could adversely
affect its ability to support the sale of Ford vehicles.  To the
extent Ford Credit's ability to provide wholesale financing to our dealers or
retail financing to those dealers' customers is limited, Ford's ability to sell
vehicles would be adversely affected.

 22

ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

Further declines
in industry sales volume, particularly in the United States or Europe, due to
financial crisis, deepening recession, geo-political events, or other
factors.  The global automotive industry is estimated to have
shrunk to 68 million units in 2008, a year-over-year decline of about 3.5
million units.  In particular, industry sales volume in the United
States and in the 19 European markets that we track declined suddenly and
substantially in 2008 and continued at historically low levels into
2009.  For full-year 2008, industry demand for cars and trucks in the
United States fell to 13.5 million units, compared with 16.5 million units
in 2007, and in the 19 European markets we track fell to 16.6 million
units, compared with 18.1 million units in 2007.  These declines
occurred primarily in the second half of 2008, with a seasonally adjusted annual
selling rate in the fourth quarter of 2008 of 10.7 million units and
14.8 million units in the United States and Europe,
respectively.  The decline in sales volume in the United States during
2008 was the biggest year-over-year decline since the 1980
recession.  These sudden and substantial declines in sales volumes
have contributed to unprecedented Automotive gross cash outflow ($21.2 billion)
and total Company net loss ($14.7 billion) in 2008.

As discussed under the captions
"Overview" and "Outlook" in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations," we forecast year-over-year
industry sales volume declines in many markets around the world during 2009 as a
result of the ongoing global economic recession.  Because we, like
other manufacturers, have a high proportion of fixed costs, relatively small
changes in industry sales volume can have a substantial effect on our cash flow
and overall profitability.  If industry vehicle sales were to decline
significantly from our current assumptions, particularly in the United States
and Europe, our financial condition and results of operations would be
substantially adversely affected.  For additional discussion of
economic trends, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Overview."

Decline in market
share.  Our overall market share in the United States has
declined in recent years, from 18% in 2004 to 14.2% in 2008.  Market
share declines and resulting volume reductions in any of our major markets could
have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations.  Although we are attempting to stabilize our market share
and reduce our capacity over time through the restructuring actions described in
"Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations – Overview," we cannot be certain that we will be
successful.  Additional decline in market share could have a
substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.

Continued or
increased price competition resulting from industry overcapacity, currency
fluctuations, or other factors.  The global automotive industry
is intensely competitive, with manufacturing capacity far exceeding current
demand.  According to CSM Worldwide's January 2009 report, the global
automotive industry is estimated to have had excess capacity of 24 million
units in 2008.  Industry overcapacity has resulted in many
manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to
maintain and grow market share.  These marketing incentives have
included a combination of subsidized financing or leasing programs, price
rebates, and other incentives.  As a result, we are not necessarily
able to set our prices to offset higher costs of marketing incentives or other
cost increases or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations in either the U.S.
or European markets.  While we, General Motors and Chrysler each have
announced plans to reduce capacity significantly, successful reductions will
require the cooperation of organized labor, will take several years to complete,
and only partially address the industry's overcapacity problems, particularly as
industry sales volume decreased dramatically in the final months of
2008.  A continuation or increase in these trends likely would have a
substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.

A further
increase in or acceleration of market shift away from sales of trucks, SUVs, or
other more profitable vehicles, particularly in the United
States.  Trucks and SUVs historically have represented some of
our most profitable vehicle segments, and the segments in which we have had our
highest market share.  In recent years, the general shift in consumer
preferences away from medium- and large-sized SUVs and trucks has adversely
affected our overall market share and profitability.  A continuation
or acceleration of this general shift in consumer preferences away from SUVs and
trucks, or a similar shift in consumer preferences away from other more
profitable vehicle sales, whether because of fuel prices, declines in the
construction industry, governmental actions or incentives, or other reasons,
could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations.

A return to
elevated gasoline prices, as well as the potential for volatile prices or
reduced availability.  A return to elevated gas prices, as well
as the potential for volatility in gas prices or reduced availability of fuel,
particularly in the United States, could result in further weakening of demand
for relatively more profitable large and luxury car and truck models, and could
increase demand for relatively less profitable small cars and
trucks.  Continuation or acceleration of such a trend could have a
substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.

 23

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

Lower-than-anticipated
market acceptance of new or existing products.  Although we
conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed vehicles,
many factors both within and outside of our control affect the success of new or
existing products in the marketplace.  Offering highly desirable
vehicles can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining
demand, but vehicles that are perceived to be less desirable (whether in terms
of price, quality, styling, safety, overall value, fuel efficiency, or other
attributes) can exacerbate these risks.  For example, if a new model
were to experience quality issues at the time of launch, the vehicle's perceived
quality could be affected even after the issues had been corrected, resulting in
lower sales volumes, market share, and profitability.

Fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest
rates.  As a resource-intensive manufacturing operation, we are
exposed to a variety of market and asset risks, including the effects of changes
in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest
rates.  These risks affect our Automotive and Financial Services
sectors.  We monitor and manage these exposures as an integral part of
our overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of
markets and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effects on our
business.  Nevertheless, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity
prices, and interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged.  In
addition, because of intense price competition and our high level of fixed
costs, we may not be able to address such changes even if they are
foreseeable.  Further, the global credit crisis and deterioration of
our credit ratings have significantly reduced our ability to obtain derivatives
to manage risks.  As a result, substantial unfavorable changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices or interest rates could have a
substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.  For additional discussion of
currency,  commodity price and interest rate risks, see "Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk."

Adverse effects
from the bankruptcy, insolvency, or government-funded restructuring of, change
in ownership or control of, or alliances entered into by a major
competitor.  We and certain of our competitors have substantial
"legacy" costs (principally related to employee benefits), as well as a
substantial amount of debt, that put each of us at a competitive disadvantage to
other competitors manufacturing in the United States.  The bankruptcy,
insolvency, or government-funded restructuring of such a competitor could result
in that competitor gaining a significant cost or pricing advantage (by
eliminating or reducing contractual obligations to unions or other parties),
thereby leaving us at a competitive disadvantage, which could have a substantial
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.  Similarly, we could be adversely affected if one of our
competitors were acquired by, or entered into an alliance with, a stronger
competitor.

In
particular, two of our competitors with substantial legacy costs and debt,
General Motors and Chrysler, currently are engaged in discussions concerning
U.S. government-funded restructurings that, if successful, would reduce their
legacy costs, align their employee benefit costs with those of other
competitors, and substantially reduce their debt.  For example, the
government proposal for restructuring would require that a significant portion
of our competitors’ debt and post-retirement benefit obligations be converted
into equity.  While we do not anticipate entering into a
government-funded restructuring, we are pursuing similar restructuring
actions to remain competitive.  We cannot guarantee that we will be
successful in achieving these actions and, even if we were successful, the
results could be dilutive to our shareholders.

Restriction on
Use of Tax Attributes from Tax Law "Ownership Change."  Section
382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code restricts the ability of a corporation
that undergoes an ownership change to use its tax attributes, such as net
operating losses and tax credits.  An ownership change occurs if 5%
shareholders of an issuer's outstanding common stock, collectively, increase
their ownership percentage by more than fifty percentage points within any
three-year period.  As discussed above, we are pursuing further
restructuring actions to remain competitive with General Motors and Chrysler,
which are undergoing U.S. government-funded restructurings that, if successful,
would reduce their legacy costs, align their employee benefit costs with those
of other competitors, and substantially reduce their debt.  New shares
of stock that we issue in connection with any restructuring actions we might
take, could contribute to such an ownership change under U.S. tax
law.  Moreover, not every event that could contribute to such an
ownership change is within our control.  If a tax law ownership change
were to occur, we would be at risk of having to pay cash taxes notwithstanding
the existence of sizeable tax attributes.  For discussion of our
financial statement treatment of deferred tax assets, including deferred tax
assets related to these tax attributes, see "Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Critical Accounting Estimates" and Note 19 of the Notes to the Financial
Statements.

 24

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

Economic distress
of suppliers 
that 
may
 require us to
provide substantial financial support or take other measures to ensure supplies
of components or materials
 and could
increase our costs, affect our liquidity, or cause production
disruptions
.  Our
industry is highly interdependent, with broad overlap of supplier and dealer
networks among manufacturers, such that the uncontrolled bankruptcy or
insolvency of a major competitor or major suppliers could threaten our supplier
or dealer network and thus pose a threat to us as well.

Even in
the absence of such an event, our supply base has experienced increased economic
distress due to the sudden and substantial drop in industry sales volumes
affecting all manufacturers.  Dramatically lower industry sales volume
has made existing debt obligations and fixed cost levels difficult for many
suppliers to manage, especially with the tight credit markets.

These
factors have increased pressure on the supply base, and, as a result, suppliers
not only have been less willing to reduce prices, but some have requested direct
or indirect price increases, as well as new and shorter payment
terms.  Suppliers also are exiting certain lines of business or
closing facilities, which results in additional costs associated with
transitioning to new suppliers and which may cause supply disruptions that could
interfere with our production during any such transitional period.  In
addition, in the past we have taken and may continue to take actions to provide
financial assistance to certain suppliers to ensure an uninterrupted supply of
materials and components.  For example, in 2005 we reacquired from
Visteon 23 facilities in order to protect our supply of
components.  In connection with this transaction, we forgave
$1.1 billion of Visteon's liability to us for employee-related costs, and
incurred a pre-tax loss of $468 million.

Single-source
supply of components or materials.  Many components used in our
vehicles are available only from a single supplier and cannot be quickly or
inexpensively re-sourced to another supplier due to long lead times and new
contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier in order to
provide the components or materials.  In addition to the risks
described above regarding interruption of supplies, which are exacerbated in the
case of single-source suppliers, the exclusive supplier of a key component
potentially could exert significant bargaining power over price, quality,
warranty claims, or other terms relating to a component.

Labor or other
constraints on our ability to restructure our
business.  Substantially all of the hourly employees in our
Automotive operations in the United States and Canada are represented by unions
and covered by collective bargaining agreements.  We negotiated a new
agreement with the UAW in 2007 and with the CAW in 2008, each of which expires
in September 2011.  These agreements provide for guaranteed wage
and benefit levels throughout their terms and significant employment security,
subject to certain conditions.  As a practical matter, these
agreements restrict our ability to close plants and divest businesses during the
terms of the agreements.  These and other provisions within the UAW
and CAW agreements may impede our ability to restructure our business
successfully to compete more effectively in today's global
marketplace.

Work stoppages at
Ford or supplier facilities or other interruptions of
supplies.  A work stoppage could occur at Ford or supplier
facilities, as a result of disputes under existing collective bargaining
agreements with labor unions, in connection with negotiations of new collective
bargaining agreements, as a result of supplier financial distress, or for other
reasons.  For example, many suppliers are experiencing financial
distress due to decreasing production volume and increasing prices for raw
materials, jeopardizing their ability to produce parts for us.  A work
stoppage related to collective bargaining agreements or other reasons, at Ford
or its suppliers, or an interruption or shortage of supplies for any other
reason (including but not limited to financial distress, natural disaster, or
production difficulties affecting a supplier) could substantially adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Substantial
pension and postretirement health care and life insurance liabilities impairing
our liquidity or financial condition.  We have two principal
qualified defined benefit retirement plans in the United States.  The
Ford-UAW Retirement Plan covers hourly employees represented by the UAW, and the
General Retirement Plan covers substantially all other Ford employees in the
United States hired on or before December 31, 2003.  The
hourly plan provides noncontributory benefits related to employee
service.  The salaried plan provides similar noncontributory benefits
and contributory benefits related to pay and service.  In addition, we
and certain of our subsidiaries sponsor plans to provide other postretirement
benefits for retired employees, primarily health care and life insurance
benefits.  See Note 23 of the Notes to the Financial Statements
for more information about these plans, including funded
status.  These benefit plans impose significant liabilities on us
which are not fully funded and will require additional cash contributions by us,
which could impair our liquidity.

 25

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

Our U.S.
defined benefit pension plans are subject to Title IV of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA").  Under Title IV of ERISA, the
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC") has the authority under certain
circumstances or upon the occurrence of certain events to terminate an
underfunded pension plan.  One such circumstance is the occurrence of
an event that unreasonably increases the risk of unreasonably large losses to
the PBGC.  Although we believe that it is not likely that the PBGC
would terminate any of our plans, in the event that our U.S. pension plans were
terminated at a time when the liabilities of the plans exceeded the assets of
the plans, we would incur a liability to the PBGC that could be equal to the
entire amount of the underfunding.

If our
cash flows and capital resources were insufficient to fund our pension or
postretirement health care and life insurance obligations, we could be forced to
reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, seek additional capital,
or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.  In addition, if our
operating results and available cash were insufficient to meet our pension or
postretirement health care and life insurance obligations, we could face
substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material
assets or operations to meet our pension or postretirement health care and life
insurance obligations.  We might not be able to consummate those
dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and
these proceeds might not be adequate to meet any pension and postretirement
health care or life insurance obligations then due.

 Inability to
implement the Retiree Health Care Settlement Agreement to fund and discharge UAW
hourly retiree health care obligations.  We received the
necessary approvals in the third quarter of 2008 to begin implementing our
Retiree Health Care Settlement Agreement (“Settlement”) to fund and discharge
our obligations related to UAW hourly retiree health care through a new,
external Voluntary Employee Benefit Association Trust ("VEBA").  See
Note 23 of the Notes to the Financial Statements for additional discussion of
the Settlement.

As
discussed in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations – Overview," we have reached a tentative
agreement with the UAW allowing us, at our option, to convert a portion of our
obligations to the VEBA from a cash obligation to an equity
obligation.  This tentative agreement is subject to various
conditions, including ratification by active Ford UAW-represented hourly
employees, court approval of the modification to the Settlement, approval by the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission of accounting treatment acceptable to
us, and receipt of a prohibited transaction exemption from the U.S. Department
of Labor.  A significant delay or a materially adverse result relating
to any of these conditions that results in our inability to implement, or a
delay in implementation of, the modification to the Settlement or the Settlement
itself would adversely impact our financial condition and results of
operations.

Worse-than-assumed
economic and demographic experience for our postretirement benefit plans (e.g.,
discount rates or investment returns).  The measurement of our
obligations, costs, and liabilities associated with benefits pursuant to our
postretirement benefit plans requires that we estimate the present values of
projected future payments to all participants.  We use many
assumptions in calculating these estimates, including assumptions related to
discount rates, investment returns on designated plan assets, and demographic
experience (e.g., mortality and retirement rates).  To the extent
actual results are less favorable than our assumptions, there could be a
substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations.  For additional discussion of our assumptions, see
"Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Estimates" and Note 23 of the
Notes to Financial Statements.

The discovery of
defects in vehicles resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns,
or increased warranty costs.  Meeting or exceeding many
government-mandated safety standards is costly and often technologically
challenging, especially where standards may conflict with the need to reduce
vehicle weight in order to meet government-mandated emissions and fuel-economy
standards.  Government safety standards also require manufacturers to
remedy defects related to motor vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns,
and a manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that they do
not comply with a safety standard.  Should we or government safety
regulators determine that a safety or other defect or a noncompliance exists
with respect to certain of our vehicles prior to the start of production, the
launch of such vehicle could be delayed until such defect is
remedied.  The costs associated with any protracted delay in new model
launches necessary to remedy such defect, or the cost of recall campaigns to
remedy such defects in vehicles that have been sold, could be
substantial.

Increased safety,
emissions, fuel economy, or other regulation resulting in higher costs, cash
expenditures, and/or sales restrictions.  The worldwide
automotive industry is governed by a substantial number of governmental
regulations, which often differ by state, region, and country.  In the
United States, for example, governmental regulation has arisen primarily out of
concern for the environment, greater vehicle safety, and a desire for improved
fuel economy.  For discussion of the impact of such standards on our
global business, see "Item 1. Governmental Standards."  As a
result of the change in Administration and increased public focus on climate
change, U.S. government regulation has increased recently and this trend may
continue.  In its early days, for example, the Obama Administration
announced that it would revisit the decision of the Environmental Protection
Agency to deny a waiver that is necessary to permit California and other states
to regulate fuel economy through greenhouse gas regulations.  If those
states are permitted to impose such regulations, we would see a dramatic
increase in the costs and complexity of our business over time and a decrease in
our ability to sell certain vehicles, particularly highly profitable trucks and
SUVs, in many jurisdictions, all of which would have an adverse affect on our
financial condition and results of operations.  In addition, many
governments also regulate local product content and/or impose import
requirements as a means of creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and
influencing their balance of payments.  The cost of complying with
these requirements can be substantial, and the requirements could have a
substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of
operations.

 26

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

Unusual or
significant litigation or governmental investigations arising out of alleged
defects in our products or otherwise.  We spend substantial
resources ensuring compliance with governmental safety and other
standards.  Compliance with governmental standards, however, does not
necessarily prevent individual or class action lawsuits, which can entail
significant cost and risk.  For example, the preemptive effect of the
Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards is often a contested issue in litigation,
and some courts have permitted liability findings even where our vehicles comply
with federal law.  Furthermore, simply responding to litigation or
government investigations of our compliance with regulatory standards requires
significant expenditures of time and other resources.

A change in our
requirements for parts or materials where we have entered into long-term supply
arrangements that commit us to purchase minimum or fixed quantities of certain
parts or materials, or to pay a minimum amount to the seller ("take-or-pay"
contracts).  We have entered into a number of long-term supply
contracts that require us to purchase a fixed quantity of parts to be used in
the production of our vehicles.  If our need for any of these parts
were to lessen, we could still be required to purchase a specified quantity of
the part or pay a minimum amount to the seller pursuant to the take-or-pay
contract.  We also have entered into a small number of long-term
supply contracts for raw materials (for example, precious metals used in
catalytic converters) that require us to purchase a fixed percentage of mine
output.  If our need for any of these raw materials were to lessen, or
if a supplier's output of materials were to increase, we could be required to
purchase more materials than we need.

Adverse effects
on our results from a decrease in or cessation of government
incentives.  We receive economic benefits from national, state,
and local governments related to investments we make.  These benefits
generally take the form of tax incentives, property tax abatements,
infrastructure development, subsidized training programs, and/or other
operational grants and incentives, and the amounts may be
significant.  A decrease in, expiration without renewal of, or other
cessation of such benefits could have a substantial adverse impact on our
financial condition and results of operations, as well as our ability to fund
new investments.

Adverse effects
on our operations resulting from certain geo-political or other
events.
 We
conduct a significant portion of our business in countries outside of the United
States, and are pursuing growth opportunities in a number of emerging
markets.  These activities expose us to, among other things, risks
associated with geo-political events, such as:  governmental takeover
(i.e., nationalization) of our manufacturing facilities; disruption of
operations in a particular country as a result of political or economic
instability, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities; or acts of
terrorism.  Such events could have a substantial adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.

Substantial
negative Automotive operating-related cash flows for the near- to medium-term
affecting our ability to meet our obligations, invest in our business, or
refinance our debt
.
During the past year we experienced substantial negative
operating-related cash flows, and we expect that trend to continue, at a reduced
rate, for the near-term.  As a result of the global financial crisis,
we may not be able to obtain future liquidity in amounts sufficient to enable us
to pay our indebtedness and to fund our other liquidity needs.  In
addition, if we are unable to meet certain covenants of our $11.5 billion
secured credit facility established in December 2006 (e.g., if the
borrowing base value of assets pledged does not exceed outstanding borrowings),
we may be required to repay borrowings under the facility prior to their
maturity in December 2011 (for revolver borrowings) and December 2013 (for term
loan borrowings).

 27

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

If our
cash flow is worse than expected due to worsening of the economic recession,
work stoppages, supply base disruptions, increased pension contributions, or
other reasons, or if we are unable to find additional liquidity sources for
these purposes, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our
indebtedness on or before maturity, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek
to raise additional capital.  We may not be able to implement one or
more of these alternatives on terms acceptable to us, or at all.  The
terms of our existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from pursuing
any of these alternatives.  Should our cash flow be worse than
anticipated or we fail to achieve any of these alternatives, this could
materially adversely affect our ability to repay our indebtedness and otherwise
have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.  For further information on our liquidity and capital
resources, including our secured credit agreement, see the discussion under the
captions "Liquidity and Capital Resources" and "Outlook" in "Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations," and Note 16 of the Notes to the Financial
Statements.

Substantial
levels of Automotive indebtedness adversely affecting our financial condition or
preventing us from fulfilling our debt obligations (which may grow because we
are able to incur substantially more debt, including additional secured
debt).  As a result of our December 2006 financing actions
and our other debt, we are a highly leveraged company.  Our
significant Automotive debt service obligations could have important
consequences, including the following:  our high level of indebtedness
could make it difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our
outstanding indebtedness; our ability to obtain additional financing for working
capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, if any, or general corporate
purposes may be impaired; we must use a substantial portion of our cash flow
from operations to pay interest on our indebtedness, which will reduce the funds
available to us for operations and other purposes; and our high level of
indebtedness makes us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse
developments in our business.  The more leveraged we become, the more
we become exposed to the risks described herein.  See "Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources" and Note 16 of the Notes to
the Financial Statements for additional information regarding our
indebtedness.

Failure of
financial institutions to fulfill commitments under committed credit
facilities.  As discussed in "Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Liquidity and Capital Resources," when we borrowed the full amount available
under our $11.5 billion revolving credit facility in February 2009,
the $890 million commitment of Lehman Commercial Paper Inc. ("LCPI")
was not fully funded as a result of LCPI having filed for protection under
Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in October 2008.  To
the extent we repay amounts under our revolving credit facility, we can
re-borrow those amounts.  If the financial institutions that provide
these or other committed credit facilities were to default on their obligation
to fund the commitments, these facilities would not be available to us, which
could substantially adversely affect our liquidity and financial
condition.

Ford Credit's
need for substantial liquidity to finance its business.  Ford
Credit requires substantial liquidity to finance its operations on a profitable
basis.  If Ford Credit is unable to obtain such liquidity, it would
need to curtail its operations, which include providing credit to our dealers
and to retail customers to purchase our cars.  This would adversely
affect our automotive operations.  As a result of the financial crisis
and the global recession, which has reduced automotive sales, Ford Credit’s
access to liquidity has become more constrained.  Ford Credit is
taking a number of steps, as outlined below, to ensure continued access to
liquidity but these steps involve a number of risks.

Inability of Ford
Credit to obtain an industrial bank charter or otherwise obtain competitive
funding.  Ford Credit is pursuing an industrial bank charter
from the State of Utah.  Such a charter requires approval from the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) to obtain federal deposit
insurance, and we cannot assure that Ford Credit will obtain such
approval.  Other institutions that provide automotive financing have
access to relatively low-cost FDIC-insured funding.  Access by these
competitors to FDIC-insured or other government funding programs that are not
available to Ford Credit could adversely affect Ford Credit's ability to support
the sale of Ford vehicles at competitive rates.  This in turn would
adversely affect the marketability of Ford vehicles in comparison to certain
competitive brands.

Inability of Ford
Credit to access debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at
competitive rates or in sufficient amounts due to additional credit rating
downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or other
factors.  The lower credit ratings assigned to Ford Credit, as
well as the continued financial crisis, have increased its unsecured borrowing
costs and have caused its access to the unsecured debt markets to be more
restricted.  In response, Ford Credit has increased its use of
securitization and other sources of liquidity.  Ford Credit’s ability
to obtain funding under its committed asset-backed liquidity programs and
certain other asset-backed securitizations is subject to having a sufficient
amount of assets eligible for these programs as well as Ford Credit’s ability to
obtain appropriate credit ratings and derivatives to manage the interest rate
risk.  Over time, and particularly in the event of any further credit
rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or other factors, Ford
Credit may need to reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or
originates.  A significant reduction in the amount of receivables Ford
Credit purchases or originates would significantly reduce its ongoing profits
and could adversely affect its ability to support the sale of Ford
vehicles.

 28

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

Higher-than-expected
credit losses.
  Credit risk is the
possibility of loss from a customer's or dealer's failure to make payments
according to contract terms.  Credit risk (which is heavily dependent
upon economic factors including unemployment, consumer debt service burden,
personal income growth, dealer profitability, and used car prices) has a
significant impact on Ford Credit's business.  The level of credit
losses Ford Credit may experience could exceed its expectations and adversely
affect its financial condition and results of operations.  For
additional discussion regarding credit losses, see "Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Critical Accounting Estimates."

Increased
competition from banks or other financial institutions seeking to increase their
share of financing Ford vehicles.  No single company is a
dominant force in the automotive finance industry.  Most of Ford
Credit's bank competitors in the United States use credit aggregation systems
that permit dealers to send, through standardized systems, retail credit
applications to multiple finance sources to evaluate financing options offered
by these finance sources.  This process has resulted in greater
competition based on financing rates.  In addition, Ford Credit may
face increased competition on wholesale financing for Ford
dealers.  Competition from such competitors with lower borrowing costs
may increase, which could adversely affect Ford Credit's profitability and the
volume of its business.

Collection and
servicing problems related to finance receivables and net investment in
operating leases.
  After Ford Credit
purchases retail installment sale contracts and leases from dealers and other
customers, it manages or services the receivables.  Any disruption of
its servicing activity, due to inability to access or accurately maintain
customer account records or otherwise, could have a significant negative impact
on its ability to collect on those receivables and/or satisfy its
customers.

Lower-than-anticipated
residual values or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased
vehicles.

Ford Credit projects expected residual values (including residual value support
payments from Ford) and return volumes of the vehicles it
leases.  Actual proceeds realized by Ford Credit upon the sale of
returned leased vehicles at lease termination may be lower than the amount
projected, which reduces the profitability of the lease
transaction.  Among the factors that can affect the value of returned
lease vehicles are the volume of vehicles returned, economic conditions, and the
quality or perceived quality, safety, or reliability of the
vehicles.  Actual return volumes may be higher than expected and can
be influenced by contractual lease end values relative to auction values,
marketing programs for new vehicles, and general economic
conditions.  All of these factors, alone or in combination, have the
potential to adversely affect Ford Credit's profitability.

For
example, in the second quarter of 2008, higher fuel prices and the weak economic
environment in North America resulted in a pronounced shift in consumer
preferences from full-size trucks and traditional SUVs to smaller, more
fuel-efficient vehicles.  This shift in consumer preferences caused a
significant reduction in auction values.  This in turn resulted in
Ford Credit recording a pre-tax impairment charge of $2.1 billion, representing
the amount by which the carrying value of certain vehicle lines in its lease
portfolio exceeded their fair value.  For additional discussion of
residual values, see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting
Estimates."

New or increased
credit, consumer, or data protection or other regulations resulting in higher
costs and/or additional financing restrictions.
  As a finance company,
Ford Credit is highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations
where it operates.  In the United States, its operations are subject
to regulation, supervision and licensing under various federal, state and local
laws and regulations, including the federal Truth-in-Lending Act, Equal Credit
Opportunity Act, and Fair Credit Reporting Act.  In some countries
outside the United States, Ford Credit's subsidiaries are regulated banking
institutions and are required, among other things, to maintain minimum capital
reserves.  In many other locations, governmental authorities require
companies to have licenses in order to conduct financing
businesses.  Efforts to comply with these laws and regulations impose
significant costs on Ford Credit, and affect the conduct of its
business.  Additional regulation could add significant cost or
operational constraints that might impair its profitability.

 29

 ITEM
1A. Risk Factors (continued)

Inability to
implement our plans to further reduce structural costs and increase
liquidity.  As discussed in "Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Overview," we are taking a number of additional actions in executing the four
priorities of our plan in order to address the impact of current economic
conditions, including the deteriorating credit market and automotive
sales.  To the extent that we are unable to implement these additional
actions or implement other alternative actions our financial condition and
results of operations would be substantially adversely affected.