This
report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than
statements of historical facts, such as statements regarding anticipated
production volumes, unit net cash costs, sales volumes, ore grades, milling
rates, commodity prices, development and capital expenditures, mine production
and development plans, availability of power, water, labor and equipment,
environmental reclamation and closure cost and plans, environmental liabilities
and expenditures, litigation liabilities and expenses, dividend payments,
reserve estimates, political, economic and social conditions in our areas of
operations and exploration efforts and results. Except for our ongoing
obligations under the federal securities laws, we do not intend, and we
undertake no obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements.
Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of
future performance and actual results may differ materially from those
projected, anticipated or assumed in the forward-looking statements. Important
factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
anticipated in the forward-looking statements include the
following.

Financial
risks

Extended
declines in the market prices of copper, gold and/or molybdenum could continue
to adversely affect our earnings and cash flows and, if sustained, could
eventually adversely affect our ability to repay debt. Fluctuations in the
market prices of copper, gold and molybdenum can cause significant volatility in
our financial performance and can adversely affect the trading prices of our
debt and equity securities.

Our
earnings and cash flows are affected significantly by the market prices of
copper and, to a lesser extent, gold and molybdenum. The world market prices of
these commodities have fluctuated historically and are affected by numerous
factors beyond our control. Copper prices have declined significantly from their
recent historically high levels. Exchange inventories have increased
significantly since the first half of 2008. After averaging $3.61 per pound for
the first nine months of 2008, London Metal Exchange (LME) spot copper prices
declined to a four-year low of $1.26 per pound in December 2008 and the LME spot
copper price closed at $1.41 per pound on January 30, 2009. The price of
molybdenum averaging approximately $33 per pound for the first nine months of
2008, declining to a four-year low of $8.75 per pound in November 2008 and was
$9.30 per pound on January 30, 2009. Gold prices averaged approximately $872 per
ounce for 2008 and closed at $920 per ounce on January 30, 2009. An extended
decline in the market price of these commodities could (1) adversely affect our
earnings and cash flows, (2) adversely affect our ability to repay our debt and
meet our other fixed obligations, and (3) depress the trading prices of our
common and preferred stock and of our publicly traded debt
securities.

In
addition, substantially all of our copper concentrate sales and some of our
copper cathode sales are provisionally priced at the time of shipment, subject
to final pricing at a specified future date based on LME or New York Merchantile
Exchange (COMEX) prices on that date. Accordingly, in times of falling copper
prices, our revenues during a quarter are negatively affected by lower prices
received for sales priced at current market rates and also from a decrease
related to the final pricing of provisionally priced sales in prior
periods.

If the
market prices for the metals we produce fall below our production costs for a
sustained period of time, we may have to further revise our operating plans,
including further curtailing production, reducing operating costs and capital
expenditures and discontinuing certain exploration and development programs. We
may be unable to decrease our costs in an amount sufficient to offset reductions
in revenues, and may incur losses.

World
copper prices have historically fluctuated widely. During the three years ended
December 31, 2008, LME daily closing spot prices ranged from $1.26 to
$4.08 per pound for copper. World copper prices are affected by numerous
factors beyond our control, including:

 ·  

 the
 strength of the U.S. economy and the economies of other industrialized and
 developing nations, including China, which has become the largest consumer
 of refined copper in the world;

 ·  

 available
 supplies of copper from mine production and
 inventories;

 ·  

 sales
 by holders and producers of copper;

 ·  

 demand
 for industrial products containing
copper;

 40

 Table of Contents

 ·  

 investment
 activity, including speculation, in copper as a
 commodity;

 ·  

 the
 availability and cost of substitute materials;
 and

 ·  

 currency
 exchange fluctuations, including the relative strength or weakness of the
 U.S. dollar.

World
gold prices have historically fluctuated widely. During the three years ended
December 31, 2008, the daily closing prices on the London spot market ranged
from $525 to $1,011 per ounce for gold. World gold prices are affected by
numerous factors beyond our control, including:

 ·  

 the
 strength of the U.S. economy and the economies of other
 industrialized and developing nations, including
 China;

 ·  

 global
 or regional political or economic
crises;

 ·  

 the
 relative strength of the U.S. dollar and other
 currencies;

 ·  

 expectations
 with respect to the rate of
inflation;

 ·  

 interest
 rates;

 ·  

 purchases
 and sales of gold by central banks and other
 holders;

 ·  

 demand
 for jewelry containing gold; and

 ·  

 investment
 activity, including speculation, in gold as a
 commodity.

Molybdenum
prices also fluctuate widely. Molybdenum demand depends primarily on the global
steel industry, which uses the metal as a hardening and corrosion inhibiting
agent. Approximately 80 percent of molybdenum production is used in this
application. The remainder is used in specialty chemical applications such as
catalysts, water treatment agents and lubricants. Approximately 50 percent
of global molybdenum production is a by-product of copper mining, which is
relatively insensitive to molybdenum prices. Decreased demand for molybdenum
during the fourth quarter of 2008 resulted in a sudden and sharp decline in
molybdenum prices. During the three years ended December 31, 2008, the Metals Week Dealer Oxide
weekly average price for molybdenum ranged from $8.75 to $33.88 per pound.
Molybdenum prices are affected by numerous factors beyond our control,
including:

 ·  

 the
 worldwide balance of molybdenum demand and
 supply;

 ·  

 rates
 of global economic growth, especially construction and infrastructure
 activity that requires significant amounts of
 steel;

 ·  

 the
 volume of molybdenum produced as a by-product of copper
 production;

 ·  

 inventory
 levels;

 ·  

 currency
 exchange fluctuations, including the relative strength or weakness of the
 U.S. dollar; and

 ·  

 production
 costs of U.S. and foreign
competitors.

The
agreements governing our indebtedness require us to meet certain financial tests
and other covenants and as a result may limit our flexibility in the operation
of our business and our ability to pay dividends on our common
stock.

We
incurred significant debt to fund a portion of the cash consideration paid to
acquire Phelps Dodge. As of December 31, 2008, the outstanding principal amount
of our indebtedness was $7.4 billion. The agreements governing our indebtedness
restrict, subject to certain exceptions, our ability to:

 41

 Table of Contents

 ·  

 incur
 additional indebtedness;

 ·  

 engage
 in transactions with affiliates;

 ·  

 create
 liens on our assets;

 ·  

 make
 payments in respect of equity issued by us or our subsidiaries, including
 the payment of dividends on our common
stock;

 ·  

 make
 investments in, or loans, to entities that we do not control, including
 joint ventures;

 ·  

 sell
 assets;

 ·  

 merge
 with or into other companies;

 ·  

 enter
 into sale and leaseback
transactions;

 ·  

 enter
 into unrelated businesses;

 ·  

 enter
 into agreements or arrangements that restrict the ability of certain of
 our subsidiaries to pay dividends or other
 distributions;

 ·  

 prepay
 indebtedness; and

 ·  

 enter
 into hedging transactions other than in the ordinary course of
 business.

In
addition, our senior credit facilities require that we meet certain financial
tests at any time that borrowings are outstanding under our revolving credit
facility, including a leverage ratio test (Total Debt to Consolidated
EBITDA, as those terms are defined in the facility, for the preceding four
quarters cannot exceed 5.0 to 1.0 on the last day of any fiscal quarter) and a
secured leverage ratio test (Total Secured Debt to Consolidated EBITDA, as those
terms are defined in the facility, for the preceding four quarters cannot exceed
3.0 to 1.0 on the last day of any fiscal quarter). During periods in which
copper, gold or molybdenum prices or production volumes, or other conditions
reflect the adverse impact of cyclical market trends or other factors, we may
not be able to comply with the applicable financial covenants.

Our
senior credit facilities, the $6.0 billion 8.25%, 8.375%, and floating rate
senior notes and the 6⅞% senior notes contain covenants that limit our ability
to make certain payments. These restrictions vary among the instruments, but
generally limit our ability to pay certain dividends on common and preferred
stock, repurchase or redeem common and preferred equity, prepay subordinated
debt and make certain investments. At December 31, 2008, the most restrictive of
these covenants allowed for such payments up to a limit that exceeded $5
billion.

Our
obligations under our senior credit facilities are (i) guaranteed by
substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries and (ii) secured by a pledge of
(a) 100 percent of the equity in substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries
and (b) 66.5 percent of the equity in substantially all of our first tier
foreign subsidiaries.

Any
failure to comply with the restrictions of our senior credit facilities, senior
notes or any agreement governing our other indebtedness, after giving effect to
any applicable grace period, may result in an event of default. Such default may
allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which may trigger
cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt agreements. Our
assets and cash flow would not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our
debt instruments that are accelerated upon an event of default.

If we are
unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness under, or amend the
covenants contained in, our senior credit agreements at maturity or in the event
of a default, the lenders under our senior credit facilities could terminate
their commitments thereunder, cease making further loans, declare all borrowings
outstanding (together with accrued interest and other fees) immediately due and
payable and institute foreclosure proceedings against the security. Any such
actions could negatively affect our financial condition and results of
operations.

 42

 Table of Contents

 Under
U.S. federal and state laws that require closure and reclamation plans for our
mines, we are required to provide financial assurance sufficient to allow a
third party to implement those plans if we are unable to do so. The U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and state agencies may seek
financial assurance for 
investigation and

remediation
actions taken under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act (CERCLA)
 or equivalent
state regulations
. 
The failure to
comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on
us.

We are
required by U.S. federal and state laws to provide financial assurance
sufficient to allow a third party to implement approved closure and reclamation
plans if we are unable to do so. These laws are complex and vary from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The laws govern the determination of the
scope and cost of the closure and reclamation obligations and the amount and
forms of financial assurance. 

As of
December 31, 2008, our financial assurance obligations associated with closure
and reclamation costs totaled approximately $715 million, of which approximately
$425 million was in the form of parent company guarantees and financial
capability demonstrations. Our ability to continue to provide financial
assurance in the form of parent guarantees and financial capability
demonstrations in New Mexico and Arizona depends on our ability to meet
financial tests. Certain of the ratios in these tests are significantly more
rigorous for companies that do not have an investment grade rating from a
state-approved ratings service. We are currently rated investment grade by
Standard & Poor’s and Fitch, but are not rated investment grade by Moody’s.
If we fail to maintain our investment grade rating, we would be subject to these
alternate tests, and as a result, the regulatory agencies may require us to
provide alternative forms of financial assurance to fully satisfy our financial
assurance obligations, such as letters of credit, surety bonds or
collateral. Depending on our financial condition and market conditions,
these other forms of financial assurance may be difficult or costly to provide.
Issuance of letters of credit under our credit facilities would reduce our
available liquidity. Failure to provide the required financial assurance
could result in the closure of mines. As of December 31, 2008, we have
limited financial assurance obligations associated with CERCLA-related actions,
although EPA and certain states are currently considering increasing the use of
financial assurance requirements. For
additional information, see the risk factor “Mine closure regulations impose
substantial costs on our operations” below.

We
need significant amounts of cash to service our debt. If we are unable to
generate sufficient cash to service our debt, our financial condition and
results of operations could be negatively affected.

We must
generate sufficient amounts of cash to service and repay our debt. Our ability
to generate cash will be affected by general economic, financial, competitive,
legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. Future
borrowings may not be available to us under our senior credit facilities or from
the capital markets in amounts sufficient to pay our obligations as they mature
or to fund other liquidity needs. If we are not able to obtain such borrowings
or generate sufficient cash from operations to service and repay our
indebtedness, we will need to refinance our indebtedness to avoid any default.
Such refinancing may not be available on favorable terms or at all. The
inability to service, repay or refinance our indebtedness could negatively
affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our
indebtedness, as well as the current global recession, disruption in financial
markets and lower copper and/or molybdenum prices generally, could, among other
things, impede our access to capital or increase our cost of capital, which
would have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our working capital and
other capital requirements.

As of
December 31, 2008, the outstanding principal amount of our debt was
approximately $7.4 billion. The widely reported domestic and global recession,
the associated low copper and molybdenum prices, and the unprecedented levels of
disruption and continuing illiquidity in the credit markets have had an adverse
effect on our operating results and financial condition, and if sustained or
worsened such adverse effects could continue or worsen. Disruptions in the
credit and financial markets have adversely affected financial institutions,
inhibited lending and limited access to capital and credit for many companies,
including ours. These disruptions have made it difficult for us to obtain, or
increase our cost of obtaining, capital and financing for our operations and
have limited our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business
and the markets in which we operate. If these conditions persist or worsen, they
could, among other things, make it difficult for us to finance our working
capital requirements and service our existing debt.

If future
financing is not available to us when required, as a result of limited access to
the credit markets or 

 43

 Table of Contents

otherwise, or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to
invest needed capital for our development and exploration programs, take
advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures, any of
which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial
condition.

Movements
in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates could negatively affect our
operating results.

Substantially
all of our revenues and a significant portion of our costs are denominated in
U.S. dollars; however, some of our costs, and certain of our asset and
liability accounts, are denominated in Indonesian rupiah, Chilean pesos,
Peruvian nuevos soles, Australian dollars, Euros and other foreign currencies.
As a result, we will be generally less profitable when the U.S. dollar
weakens in relation to these foreign currencies.

As of
December 31, 2008, approximately 20 percent of our outstanding debt was subject
to variable interest rates. Increases in these rates will increase our interest
costs and reduce our profits and operating cash flows.

From time
to time, we may implement currency or interest rate hedges intended to reduce
our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange or interest rates. However,
our hedging strategies may not be successful, and any of our unhedged foreign
exchange or interest payments will continue to be subject to market
fluctuations.

Operational
risks

The
volume and grade of ore reserves that we recover and our rate of production may
be more or less than anticipated.

Our ore
reserve amounts are determined in accordance with established mining industry
practices and standards, and are estimates of the mineral deposits that can be
recovered economically and legally based on currently available data. Estimates
of recoverable proven and probable reserves are subject to considerable
uncertainty. Ore bodies may not conform to standard geological expectations, and
estimates may change as new data becomes available. Because ore bodies do not
contain uniform grades and types of minerals, our metal recovery rates will vary
from time to time.

Additionally,
because the determination of reserves is based partially on estimates of future
selling prices, a sustained decrease in such prices may result in a reduction in
economically recoverable ore reserves. These factors may result in variations in
the volumes of mineral reserves that we report from period to
period.

There are
also uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of ore reserves and copper
recovered from stockpiles. The quantity of copper contained in mill and leach
stockpiles is based on surveyed volumes of mined material and daily production
records. The volume and grade of ore reserves recovered, rates of production and
recovered copper from stockpiles may be less than anticipated.

We
must continually replace reserves depleted by production. Our exploration
activities may not result in additional discoveries.

Our
ability to replenish our ore reserves is important to our long-term viability.
Produced ore reserves must be replaced by further delineation of existing ore
bodies or by locating new deposits in order to maintain production levels over
the long term. Exploration is highly speculative in nature. Our exploration
projects involve many risks, require substantial expenditures and may not result
in the discovery of sufficient additional mineral deposits that can be mined
profitably. Once a site with mineralization is discovered, it may take several
years from the initial phases of drilling until production is possible, during
which time the economic feasibility of production may change. Substantial
expenditures are required to establish recoverable proven and probable reserves
and to construct mining and processing facilities. As a result, there is no
assurance that current or future exploration programs will be successful. There
is a risk that depletion of reserves will not be offset by discoveries or
acquisitions.

Our
business is subject to operational risks that are generally outside of our
control and could adversely affect our business.

Mines by
their nature are subject to many operational risks and factors that are
generally outside of our control and could adversely affect our business,
operating results and cash flows. These operational risks and factors 

 44

 Table of Contents

include the following:

 ·  

 unanticipated
 ground and water conditions;

 ·  

 adverse
 claims to water rights and shortages of water to which we have
 rights;

 ·  

 adjacent
 land ownership that results in constraints on current or future mine
 operations;

 ·  

 geological
 problems, including earthquakes and other natural
 disasters;

 ·  

 metallurgical
 and other processing problems;

 ·  

 the
 occurrence of unusual weather or operating conditions and other force
 majeure events;

 ·  

 lower
 than expected ore grades or recovery
rates;

 ·  

 accidents;

 ·  

 delays
 in the receipt of or failure to receive necessary government
 permits;

 ·  

 the
 results of litigation, including appeals of agency
 decisions;

 ·  

 uncertainty
 of exploration and development;

 ·  

 delays
 in transportation;

 ·  

 interruption
 of energy supply;

 ·  

 labor
 disputes;

 ·  

 inability
 to obtain satisfactory insurance coverage;
and

 ·  

 the
 failure of equipment or processes to operate in accordance with
 specifications or expectations.

Continuation
of our mining production is dependent on the availability of a sufficient water
supply to support our mining operations.

Our
mining operations require significant quantities of water for mining, ore
processing and related support facilities. Our operations in North and South
America are in areas where water is scarce and competition among users for
continuing access to water is significant. Continuous production at our mines is
dependent on our ability to maintain our water rights and claims and defeat
claims adverse to our current water uses in legal proceedings. At our U.S.
operations, under state law, our water rights give us only the right to use
public waters for a statutorily defined beneficial use at a designated location.
In Arizona, we are a participant in two active general stream adjudications in
which for over 30 years the State of Arizona has been attempting to quantify and
prioritize surface water claims in two of the state’s largest river systems that
include three of our operating mines (Morenci, Sierrita and Safford) and which
may also affect our Arizona mine at Bagdad. Groundwater is not subject to
adjudication in Arizona, but is subject to the doctrine of reasonable use, which
requires balancing the utility of the use against the gravity of the harm to
others who have rights in the same aquifer; however, wells may be subject to
adjudication to the extent they are found to produce or affect surface
water. In Colorado, our surface water and groundwater rights are subject to
adjudication and we are involved in legal proceedings to resolve disputes
regarding priority of administration of rights, including priority of some of
our rights for the Climax mine. Our surface water and groundwater rights are
fully licensed or have been fully adjudicated in New Mexico.

In South
America, water for our mining operations at Candelaria and Ojos del Salado is
drawn from the Copiapo River aquifer. Because of rapid depletion of this aquifer
in recent years, ongoing studies are addressing the adequacy of this water
supply for our mining operations at these sites and a project to pump effluent
from a nearby sewerage treatment plant as an alternate water source is being
explored. At El Abra, regulatory agencies continue to evaluate the potential
hydrologic and ecologic effects from our groundwater pumping at the Salar de

 45

 Table of Contents

Ascotán,
with a pending agency determination on the adequacy of our mitigation management
plan for this area.

Although
each operation currently has sufficient water rights and claims to cover its
operational demands, we cannot predict the potential outcome of pending or
future legal proceedings on our water rights, claims and uses. The loss of some
or all water rights for any of our mines, in whole or in part, or shortages of
water to which we have rights could require us to curtail or shut down mining
production and could prevent us from pursuing expansion opportunities.
Additionally, we have not yet secured adequate water rights to support all of
our potential expansion projects, and our inability to secure those rights could
prevent us from pursuing some of those opportunities.

An
interruption of energy supply could adversely affect our mining
operations.

Our
mining operations and development projects require significant amounts of
energy. Our principal energy sources are electricity, purchased petroleum
products, natural gas and coal. Our South America mining operations receive
electrical power under long-term contracts with local energy companies. Our
Africa development project, Tenke Fungurume, has entered into long-term power
supply and infrastructure funding agreements with the state-owned electric
utility company serving the Katanga province of the Democratic Republic of
Congo. A disruption in the transmission of energy, inadequate energy
transmission infrastructure, or the termination of any of our energy supply
contracts could interrupt our energy supply and adversely affect our
operations.

Increased
production costs could reduce our profitability and cash flow.

Energy
represents a significant portion of our production costs. An inability to
procure sufficient energy at reasonable prices could adversely affect our
profits, cash flow and growth opportunities. Our production costs are also
affected by the prices of commodities we consume or use in our operations, such
as sulfuric acid, grinding media, steel, reagents, liners, explosives and
diluents. The prices of such commodities are influenced by supply and demand
trends affecting the mining industry in general and other factors outside our
control and such prices are at times subject to volatile movements. Although our
cash costs increased significantly in 2008, principally for energy and sulfuric
acid, these costs began to decrease in the fourth quarter of 2008 as a result of
the recent sharp declines in prices of energy, steel and sulfuric acid. Future
increases in the cost of these commodities could make our operations less
profitable. Increases in the costs of commodities that we consume or use may
also significantly affect the capital costs of new projects.

In
addition to the usual risks encountered in the mining industry, our Indonesia
operations involve additional risks because they are located on unusually
difficult terrain in a very remote area.

Our
Grasberg mining operations are located in steep mountainous terrain in a very
remote area in Indonesia. Because of these conditions, we have had to overcome
special engineering difficulties and develop extensive infrastructure
facilities. In addition, the area receives considerable rainfall, which has led
to periodic floods and mudslides. The mine site is also in an active seismic
area and has experienced earth tremors from time to time. Our insurance may not
sufficiently cover an unexpected natural or operating disaster.

On
October 9, 2003, a slippage of material occurred in a section of the Grasberg
open pit, resulting in eight fatalities. On December 12, 2003, a debris flow
involving a relatively small amount of loose material occurred in the same
section of the open pit resulting in only minor property damage. The events
caused us to alter our short-term mine sequencing plans, which adversely
affected our 2003 and 2004 production. We resumed normal production activities
in the second quarter of 2004.

On March
23, 2006, a mud/topsoil slide involving approximately 75,000 metric tons of
material occurred from a mountain ridge above service facilities supporting PT
Freeport Indonesia’s mining facilities. Regrettably, three contract workers were
fatally injured in the event. The material damaged a mess hall and an adjacent
area. As a result of investigations by PT Freeport Indonesia and the Indonesian
Department of Energy and Mineral Resources, we conducted geotechnical studies to
identify and address any potential hazards to workers and facilities from
slides. The existing early warning system for potential slides, based upon
rainfall and other factors, has also been expanded.

 46

 Table of Contents

 On
September 10, 2008, a small scale failure encompassing approximately 75,000
metric tons of material occurred at our Grasberg open pit. There were no
injuries or property damage. The event caused a delay in our access to the
high-grade section of the open pit and, as a result, a portion of the metal
expected to be mined in the second half of 2008 was deferred to future
periods.

No
assurance can be given that similar events will not occur in the
future.

Development
projects are inherently risky and may require more capital than anticipated,
which could adversely affect our business. In addition, our most significant
development project, Tenke Fungurume, is located in a remote area of the
Democratic Republic of Congo.

There are
many risks and uncertainties inherent in all development projects, including our
significant future development of underground mines at the Grasberg minerals
district and our Tenke Fungurume project. The economic feasibility of
development projects is based on many factors, including the accuracy of
estimated reserves, metallurgical recoveries, capital and operating costs and
future prices of the relevant minerals. The capital expenditures and time
required to develop new mines or other projects are considerable, and changes in
costs or construction schedules can affect project economics. Thus it is
possible that actual costs and economic returns may differ materially from our
estimates.

New
development projects have no operating history upon which to base estimates of
future cash flow. These development projects also require the successful
completion of feasibility studies, acquisition of governmental permits,
acquisition of land, power and water and ensuring that appropriate community
infrastructure is developed by third parties to support such projects. It is
possible that we could fail to obtain the government approvals necessary for the
operation of a project, in which case, the project may not proceed, either on
its original timing or at all. It is not unusual for new mining operations to
experience unexpected problems during the start-up phase, resulting in delays in
producing revenue and increases in invested capital.

Our Tenke
Fungurume project is located in a remote area of the Democratic Republic of
Congo and is subject to additional challenges due to:

 ·  

 severely
 limited infrastructure, including road and rail
 access;

 ·  

 limited
 and possibly unreliable energy
supply;

 ·  

 security
 risks; and

 ·  

 limited
 health care in an area plagued by disease and other potential endemic
 health issues, including malaria.

Consequently,
our Tenke Fungurume development project may be substantially affected by factors
beyond our control, which could increase the cost of the project and adversely
affect its ultimate contribution to our operating results.

Environmental
risks

Our
domestic and international operations are subject to complex and evolving
environmental laws and regulations, and compliance with environmental and
regulatory requirements involves significant costs.

Our
ongoing mining operations and exploration activities, both in the U.S. and
elsewhere, are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing exploration,
development, production, occupational health, mine safety, toxic substances,
waste disposal, protection and remediation of the environment, protection of
endangered and protected species, and other related matters. Compliance with
these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs and we expect these costs
to continue to increase in the future because of increased regulatory
enforcement, increased demand for remediation services and shortages of
equipment, supplies, labor and other factors. The Federal Clean Air Act has had
a significant impact, particularly on our domestic smelter and power plants. Any
change in waste management regulation of the mining industry under the Federal
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act could have a significant impact, both on
operational compliance and closure costs. In addition, environmental laws and
regulations may change in ways that could adversely affect our operations or
expansion opportunities.

 47

 Table of Contents

In
addition to compliance with environmental regulation at our operating sites, we
incur significant costs for remediating environmental conditions on properties
that have not been operated in many years.

Phelps
Dodge Corporation, now named Freeport-McMoRan Corporation, and many of its
affiliates and predecessor companies have been involved in mining, milling, and
manufacturing in the U.S. for more than a century. Activities that occurred in
the late 19th century and the 20th century prior to the advent of modern
environmental laws were not subject to environmental regulation and were
conducted before American industrial companies understood the long-term effects
of their operations on the surrounding environment. With the passage of CERCLA
in 1980, companies like Phelps Dodge became legally responsible for
environmental remediation on properties previously owned or operated by them,
irrespective of when the damage to the environment occurred or who caused it.
That liability is often shared on a joint and several basis with all other
owners and operators, meaning that each owner or operator of the property is
fully responsible for the clean-up, although in many cases some or all of the
other historical owners or operators no longer exist, do not have the financial
ability to respond or cannot be found. As a result, because of our acquisition
of Phelps Dodge in 2007, many of the subsidiary companies we now own are
responsible for a wide variety of environmental remediation projects throughout
the U.S., and we expect to spend substantial sums annually for many years to
address these remediation issues. We are also subject to claims where the
release of hazardous substances is alleged to have damaged natural
resources. As of December 31, 2008, we had more than 100 active remediation
projects in the U.S. in approximately 25 states.

We
incurred aggregate environmental capital expenditure and other environmental
costs, including joint venture partners’ share, totaling $468 million in 2008,
$320 million in 2007 and $63 million in 2006.  Refer to Note 15 –
“Contingencies” for more information on our environmental
liabilities.

An
adverse ruling in one or more pending legal proceedings involving environmental
matters could have a material adverse effect on us.

As
described in our Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, we are a
defendant in numerous and in some cases significant litigation involving
environmental cleanup costs, alleged environmental toxic torts and
interpretations of environmental regulations. An adverse ruling in one or more
of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flow.

Mine
closure regulations impose substantial costs on our
operations.

Our
domestic operations are subject to various federal and state permitting
requirements that include mine closure and mined-land reclamation obligations.
These requirements are complex and vary depending upon the jurisdiction. The
laws govern the determination of the scope and cost of the closure and
reclamation obligations and the amount and forms of financial assurance
sufficient to allow a third party to meet the obligations of those plans if we
are unable to do so. In general, our domestic mines are required to review
estimated closure and reclamation costs on either a periodic basis or at the
time of significant permit modifications and post increasing amounts of
financial assurance as required.

In
addition, our international mines are subject to various mine closure and
mined-land reclamation laws, and there have recently been significant changes in
closure and reclamation programs in both Peru and Chile that impose more
stringent obligations on us for closure and reclamation. Updated closure
plans for our three Chilean operations were submitted to the government in
February 2009.

Our asset
retirement obligations as of December 31, 2008, determined as required by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 143, “Asset Retirement
Obligations,” totaled approximately $712 million (including approximately $42
million for the current portion). At December 31, 2008, we had accrued
reclamation and closure costs of $372 million for our New Mexico operations,
$164 million for our Arizona operations and $83 million for PT Freeport
Indonesia. Asset retirement obligation cost estimates may increase or decrease
significantly in the future as a result of changes in regulations, engineering
designs and technology, permit modifications or updates, mine plans, cost of
inflation or other factors and as actual reclamation spending
occurs.

 48

 Table of Contents

Regulation
of greenhouse gas emissions effects and climate change issues may
adversely affect our operations and markets.

Energy is
a significant input to our mining and processing operations. Our principal
energy sources are electricity, purchased petroleum products, natural gas and
coal. Many scientists believe that emissions from the combustion of carbon-based
fuels contribute to greenhouse effects and therefore potentially to climate
change.

A number
of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating
regulatory changes in response to the potential impacts of climate change. The
December 1997 Kyoto Protocol established a set of greenhouse gas emission
targets for developed countries that have ratified the Protocol. Although the
Kyoto Protocol has not been ratified by the U.S., several states have initiated
legislative action on climate change. Climate change legislation has been
introduced in, but not yet passed by the U.S. Congress. Many believe that
federal climate change legislation is very likely to become effective in the
next few years, which will result in increased future energy and compliance
costs. From a medium and long-term perspective, we are likely to see an
increase in costs relating to our assets that emit significant amounts of
greenhouse gases as a result of regulatory initiatives in the U.S. and other
countries in which we operate. These regulatory initiatives will be either
voluntary or mandatory and may impact our operations directly or through our
suppliers or customers. Assessments of the potential impact of future climate
change regulation are uncertain, given the wide scope of potential regulatory
change in countries in which we operate.

The
potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly
uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances. These may
include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels,
changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperatures. These
effects may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of
our operations.

Our
operating, inactive and historical domestic mining sites and facilities may be
subject to future regulation of radioactive materials that are
commonly associated with, or result from, our mining operations.

A number
of federal and state agencies are considering new regulations to
characterize, regulate and remediate potential workplace exposures and
environmental impacts of radioactive materials commonly associated with mining
operations. For example, the EPA could promulgate rules to regulate
technologically enhanced naturally occurring radioactive materials (TENORM) and
their impacts at mining operations. In addition, several states are promulgating
groundwater quality compliance and remediation standards for radioactive
materials, including uranium. Radioactive materials can be associated with
copper mineral deposits, including both our current and discontinued operations.
Consequently, our copper operations may generate, concentrate or release
radioactive materials that may subject our operations to new and increased
regulation. The impact of such future regulation on our operating, closure,
reclamation, and remediation costs is uncertain.

Our
mining operations in Indonesia create difficult and costly environmental
challenges, and future changes in environmental laws, or unanticipated
environmental impacts from those operations, could require us to incur increased
costs.

Mining
operations on the scale of our operations in Papua involve significant
environmental risks and challenges. Our primary challenge is to dispose of the
large amount of crushed and ground rock material, called tailings, that results
from the process by which we physically separate the copper-, gold- and
silver-bearing materials from the ore that we mine. Our tailings management
plan, which has been approved by the Government of Indonesia, uses the river
system near our mine to transport the tailings to the lowlands where the
tailings and natural sediments are deposited in a controlled area contained
within an engineered levee system that will be revegetated.

Another
major environmental challenge is managing overburden, which is the rock that
must be moved aside in the mining process in order to reach the ore. In the
presence of air, water and naturally occurring bacteria, some overburden can
cause acid rock drainage, or acidic water containing dissolved metals which, if
not properly managed, can have a negative impact on the
environment.

Certain
Indonesian governmental officials have from time to time raised issues with
respect to our tailings and overburden management plans, including a suggestion
that we implement a pipeline system rather than our river deposition system for
tailings disposal. Because our mining operations are remotely located in steep
mountainous

 49

 Table of Contents

terrain
and in an active seismic area, a pipeline system would be costly, difficult to
construct and maintain, and more prone to catastrophic failure, and could
therefore involve significant potentially adverse environmental issues. Based on
our own studies and others conducted by third parties, we do not believe that a
pipeline system is necessary or practical.

In
connection with obtaining our environmental approvals from the Indonesian
government, we committed to perform a one-time environmental risk assessment on
the impacts of our tailings management plan. We completed this extensive
environmental risk assessment with more than 90 scientific studies conducted
over four years and submitted it to the Indonesian government in December 2002.
We developed the risk assessment study with input from an independent review
panel, which included representatives from the Indonesian government, academia
and non-governmental organizations. The risks that we identified during this
process were in line with our impact projections of the tailings management
program contained in our environmental approval documents.

In 2005,
PT Freeport Indonesia agreed to participate in the Government of Indonesia’s
PROPER (Program for Pollution Control, Evaluation and Rating) program. In March
2006, the Indonesian Ministry of Environment announced the preliminary results
of its PROPER environmental management audit, acknowledging the effectiveness of
PT Freeport Indonesia’s environmental management practices in some areas while
making several suggestions for improvement in others.

International
risks

Our
operations outside of the U.S. are subject to political, social and geographic
risks of doing business in foreign countries.

We are a
global mining company with substantial assets located outside of the U.S. We
conduct international mining operations in Indonesia, Chile and Peru. We also
have a significant development project in the Democratic Republic of Congo,
which is expected to begin production in 2009. Accordingly, our business may be
adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in each of
these countries, in addition to the usual risks associated with conducting
business in foreign countries. Such risks include (1) forced modification of
existing contracts, (2) expropriation, (3) changes in a country’s laws and
policies, including those relating to labor, taxation, royalties, divestment,
imports, exports, trade regulations, currency and environmental matters, (4)
political instability and civil strife, (5) exchange controls, and (6) the risk
of having to submit to the jurisdiction of a foreign court or arbitration panel
or having to enforce the judgment of a foreign court or arbitration panel
against a sovereign nation within its own territory. Our insurance does not
cover most losses caused by these risks.

In
December 2008, we were notified by Peruvian tax authorities of their intent to
assess mining royalties related to the minerals processed by the Cerro Verde
concentrator. The amount claimed to be due through December 2007 is
approximately $33 million. We believe our royalty obligations with respect to
all minerals extracted at Cerro Verde are subject to our existing stability
agreement, regardless of the processing method applied after extraction, and
believe that Cerro Verde owes no royalties with respect to minerals processed
through our concentrator. We intend to work cooperatively with the authorities
in Peru to resolve this matter.

Because
our Grasberg minerals district in Papua, Indonesia remains our most significant
operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by
Indonesian political, economic and social uncertainties.

Indonesia
has faced political, economic and social uncertainties, including separatist
movements and civil and religious strife in a number of provinces. In
particular, several separatist groups are opposing Indonesian rule over the
province of Papua, where our Grasberg minerals district is located, and have
sought political independence for the province. In response, Indonesia enacted
regional autonomy laws, which became effective January 1, 2001. The manner
in which the new laws are being implemented and the degree of political and
economic autonomy that they may bring to individual provinces, including Papua,
are uncertain and are ongoing issues in Indonesian politics. In Papua, there
have been sporadic attacks on civilians by separatists and sporadic but highly
publicized conflicts between separatists and the Indonesian military. Social,
economic and political instability in Papua could materially and adversely
affect us if it results in damage to our property or interruption of our
activities.

 50

 Table of Contents

 Maintaining
a good working relationship with the Indonesian government is important to us
because our mining operations there are among Indonesia’s most
significant business enterprises and are conducted pursuant to a Contract of
Work with the Indonesian government. Partially because of their significance to
Indonesia’s economy, the environmentally sensitive area in which they are
located, and the number of people employed, our operations are occasionally the
subject of criticism in the Indonesian press and in political debates, and have
been the target of protests and occasional violence.
 In October
2004, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was elected as President of Indonesia in the
nation's first direct Presidential election. Indonesia has a Presidential
election scheduled for July 2009. While we intend to continue to maintain
positive working relationships with the Indonesian government, we cannot predict
the impact that the 2009 elections will have on our relationships.

Grasberg
operated at reduced mining and milling rates during a four-day period from April
18, 2007 to April 21, 2007, as a result of peaceful protests by certain workers
regarding benefits. The protests ended on April 21 with an agreement on a
framework for minimum wages for its workers and Grasberg returned to normal
operations. The impacts to production were not significant. Illegal miners have
continued to operate along the river designated to transport the tailings from
the mill to the lowlands in PT Freeport Indonesia’s government-approved tailings
management area. The illegal miners who have trespassed from time to time in the
area of our facilities have clashed with police who have attempted to move them
away from our facilities. In 2006, the illegal miners temporarily blocked the
road leading to the Grasberg mine and mill in protest, and PT Freeport Indonesia
temporarily suspended mining and milling operations as a precautionary
measure.

We cannot
predict whether additional incidents will occur that could disrupt our
Indonesian operations, or whether similar incidents may occur in other countries
that could affect our other operations. If additional protests or other
disruptive incidents occur at any of our facilities, they could adversely affect
our business and profitability in ways that we cannot predict at this
time.

We
do not expect to mine all of our Indonesian ore reserves before the initial term
of our Contract of Work in Indonesia expires.

All of
our Indonesian proven and probable ore reserves, including the Grasberg deposit,
are located in Block A. The initial term of our Contract of Work covering these
ore reserves expires at the end of 2021. We can extend this term for two
successive 10-year periods, subject to the approval of the Indonesian
government, which under our Contract of Work cannot be withheld or delayed
unreasonably. Our ore reserves reflect estimates of minerals that can be
recovered through the end of 2041 (i.e., through the expiration of the two
10-year extensions) and our current mine plan has been developed, and our
operations are based on the assumption that we will receive the two 10-year
extensions. As a result, we will not mine all of these ore reserves during the
current term of our Contract of Work, and there can be no assurance that the
Indonesian government will approve the extensions. Prior to the end of 2021, we
expect to mine approximately 35 percent of aggregate proven and probable
recoverable ore at December 31, 2008, representing approximately 42 percent
of PT Freeport Indonesia’s share of recoverable copper reserves and
approximately 56 percent of its share of recoverable gold
reserves.

Our
Contracts of Work in Indonesia are subject to termination if we do not comply
with our contractual obligations, and if a dispute arises, we may have to submit
to the jurisdiction of a foreign court or arbitration panel.

PT
Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work and other Contracts of Work in which we
have an interest were entered into under Indonesia’s 1967 Foreign Capital
Investment Law, which provides guarantees of remittance rights and protection
against nationalization. Our Contracts of Work can be terminated by the
Government of Indonesia if we do not satisfy our contractual obligations, which
include the payment of royalties and taxes to the government and the
satisfaction of certain mining, environmental, safety and health
requirements.

At times,
certain government officials and others in Indonesia have questioned the
validity of contracts entered into by the Government of Indonesia prior to May
1998 (i.e., during the Suharto regime, which lasted over 30 years),
including PT Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work, which was signed in December
1991. We cannot assure you that the validity of, or our compliance with, the
Contracts of Work will not be challenged for political or other reasons. PT
Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work and our other Contracts of Work require
that disputes with the Indonesian government be submitted to international
arbitration. Consequently, if a dispute arises under the Contracts of Work, we
face the risk of having to submit to the jurisdiction of a foreign court or
arbitration panel, and if we prevail in such a dispute, we will face the
additional risk of having to enforce the judgment of a foreign court or
arbitration panel against Indonesia within its own territory.

 51

 Table of Contents

Indonesian
government officials have periodically undertaken reviews regarding our
compliance with Indonesian environmental laws and regulations and the terms of
the Contracts of Work. In 2006, the Government of Indonesia created a joint team
for “Periodic Evaluation on Implementation of the PT-FI Contract of Work (COW)”
to conduct an evaluation every five years. The team consists of five working
groups, whose members are from relevant ministries or agencies, covering
production, state revenues, community development, environmental issues and
security issues. We have conducted numerous meetings with these groups. The
joint team has indicated that it will issue a report. While we believe that we
comply with PT Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work in all material respects,
we cannot assure you that the report will support that conclusion. Separately,
the Indonesian House of Representatives created a working committee on PT
Freeport Indonesia. Members of this group have also visited our operations and
held a number of hearings in Jakarta. We will continue to work with these groups
to respond to their questions about our operations and our compliance with PT
Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work.

Any
suspension of required activities under our Contracts of Work requires the
consent of the Indonesian government.

Our
Contracts of Work permits us to suspend certain contractually required
activities, including exploration, for a period of one year by making a written
request to the Indonesian government. These requests are subject to the approval
of the Indonesian government and are renewable annually. If we do not request a
suspension or are denied a suspension, then we are required to continue our
activities under the Contract of Work or potentially be declared in default.
Moreover, if a suspension continues for more than one year for reasons other
than force majeure and the Indonesian government has not approved such
continuation, then the government would be entitled to declare a default under
the Contract of Work.

We
suspended our field exploration activities outside of Block A in recent years
because of safety and security issues and regulatory uncertainty relating to a
possible conflict between our mining and exploration rights in certain forest
areas and an Indonesian Forestry law enacted in 1999 prohibiting open-pit mining
in forest preservation areas. In 2001, we requested and received from the
Government of Indonesia, formal temporary suspensions of our obligations under
the Contracts of Work in all areas outside of Block A. Recent Indonesian
legislation permits open-pit mining in PT Freeport Indonesia’s Block B area,
subject to certain requirements. Following an assessment of these requirements
and a review of security issues, in 2007 we resumed exploration activities in
certain prospective Contract of Work areas outside of Block A.

Our
Tenke Fungurume development project is located in the Democratic Republic of
Congo, and our business may be adversely affected by political, economic and
social instability in the Democratic Republic of Congo.

Our most
significant development project, Tenke Fungurume, is located in the Democratic
Republic of Congo, a nation that since 1960 has undergone outbreaks of political
violence, changes in national leadership and financial crisis. These factors
heighten the risk of abrupt changes in the national policy towards foreign
investors, which in turn could result in unilateral modification of concessions
or contracts, increased taxation, denial of permits or permit renewals or
expropriation of assets. Our ability to continue development is currently
subject to an ongoing review of all mining contracts by the Ministry of
Mines (Ministry) in the Democratic Republic of Congo, the outcome of
which cannot be predicted. We received notification on February 20, 2008
that the Ministry wishes to renegotiate several material provisions of our
mining concessions. We believe that the terms of the concessions are fair and
that they were negotiated transparently and are legally binding. However, we
cannot predict whether the Government of the Democratic Republic of Congo will
respect our contract rights. Other political, economic and social risks that are
outside of our control and could adversely affect our business
include:

 ·  

 political
 risks associated with the limited tenure of the newly elected
 government;

 ·  

 cancellation
 or renegotiation of mining contracts by the
 government;

 ·  

 royalty
 and tax increases or claims by governmental entities, including
 retroactive claims;

 ·  

 security
 risks due to the remote location and violence in the northeastern
 provinces of the Democratic Republic of
Congo;

 52

 Table of Contents

 ·  

 risk
 of loss of property due to expropriation or nationalization of property;
 and

 ·  

 risk
 of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities,
 insurrection and terrorism.

Consequently,
our Tenke Fungurume development project may be substantially affected by factors
beyond our control, any of which could adversely affect our financial position
or results of operations.

Terrorist
attacks throughout the world and the potential for additional future terrorist
acts have created economic and political uncertainties that could materially and
adversely affect our business.

On August
31, 2002, three people were killed and 11 others were wounded in an ambush by a
group of unidentified assailants on the road near Tembagapura, the mining town
where the majority of PT Freeport Indonesia’s personnel reside. The assailants
shot at several vehicles transporting international contract teachers from our
school in Tembagapura, their family members and other contractors to PT Freeport
Indonesia. The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) investigated the
incident, which resulted in the U.S. indictment of an alleged operational
commander of the Free Papua Movement/National Freedom Force. In January 2006,
Indonesian police, accompanied by FBI agents, arrested the alleged operational
commander and 11 other Papuans. In November 2006, verdicts and sentencing were
announced for seven of those accused in the August 2002 shooting, including a
life sentence for the confessed leader of the attack.

On
October 12, 2002, a bombing killed 202 people in the Indonesian province of
Bali, which is 1,500 miles west of our mining and milling operations. Indonesian
authorities arrested 35 people in connection with this bombing and 29 of those
arrested have been tried and convicted. On August 5, 2003, 12 people were
killed and over 100 were injured by a car bomb detonated outside of the JW
Marriott Hotel in Jakarta, Indonesia. On September 9, 2004, 11 people were
killed and over 200 injured by a car bomb detonated in front of the Australian
embassy in Jakarta. On October 1, 2005, three suicide bombers killed 19
people and wounded over 100 in Bali. The same international terrorist
organizations are suspected in each of these incidents. In November 2005,
Indonesian police raided a house in East Java that resulted in the death of
other accused terrorists linked to the bombings discussed above. Our mining and
milling operations were not interrupted by these incidents, but PT Freeport
Indonesia’s corporate office in Jakarta had to relocate for several months
following the bombing in front of the Australian embassy. In addition to the
Bali, JW Marriott Hotel and Australian embassy bombings, there have been
anti-American demonstrations in certain sections of Indonesia reportedly led by
radical Islamic activists.

No
assurance can be given that additional terrorist incidents will not
occur. If there were to be additional violence, it could materially and
adversely affect our business in ways that we cannot predict at this
time.

Other
risks

If
market prices for our commodities decline, the carrying values of inventories
and long-lived assets may be further impaired, which could require charges to
operating income that could be material.

In the
fourth quarter of 2008, we recorded significant charges to reduce the carrying
values of inventories and long-lived assets, and to eliminate
goodwill. Further declines in the market price of copper, among other
factors, may cause us to record additional lower of cost or market inventory
adjustments and may also require us to further write down the carrying value of
long-lived assets, which would potentially have a material adverse impact on our
results of operations and shareholders' equity, but would have no effect on cash
flows.

Unanticipated
litigation or negative developments in pending litigation could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition.

We are a
party to the litigation described in our SEC filings and a number of other
litigation matters, including asbestos exposure cases, disputes over the
allocation of environmental remediation obligations at Superfund and other
sites, disputes over water rights and disputes with regulatory authorities. The
outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain and adverse developments or
outcomes can result in significant monetary damages, penalties or injunctive
relief against us, limitations on our property rights, or regulatory
interpretations that increase our operating costs. If any of these disputes
results in a substantial monetary judgment against us or an adverse legal
interpretation, is settled on unfavorable terms, or otherwise affects our
operations, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and
financial condition.

 53

 Table of Contents

We
depend on our senior management team and other key employees, and the loss of
any of these employees could adversely affect our business.

Our
success depends in part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate senior
management and other key employees. Achieving this objective may be difficult
due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry
conditions, competitors’ hiring practices, cost reduction activities, and the
effectiveness of our compensation programs. Competition for qualified personnel
can be very intense. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate senior
management and other key employees sufficient to maintain our current business
and support our future projects. A loss of such personnel could prevent us from
capitalizing on business opportunities, and our operating results could be
adversely affected.

Our holding company structure may
impact your ability to receive dividends.

We are a
holding company with no material assets other than the capital stock of our
subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to repay our indebtedness and pay
dividends is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and
their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, loan, debt
repayment or otherwise. Our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to make
funds available to us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. Dividends from
subsidiaries that are not wholly owned are shared with other equity owners. In
addition, cash at our international operations is subject to foreign withholding
taxes upon repatriation into the U.S.

In
addition, our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make
distributions to enable us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. Each of
our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances,
legal and contractual restrictions, as well as the financial condition and
operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash
from our subsidiaries. Our rights to participate in any distribution of our
subsidiaries’ assets upon their liquidation, reorganization or insolvency would
generally be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiaries’ creditors,
including any trade creditors and preferred stockholders.

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may make an acquisition of
us more difficult.

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may make an acquisition of
us more difficult. These provisions:

 ·  

 authorize
 our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder
 approval and to designate the rights, preferences and privileges of each
 class; if issued, such preferred stock would increase the number of
 outstanding shares of our capital stock and could include terms that may
 deter an acquisition of us;

 ·  

 establish
 advance notice requirements for nominations to the board of directors or
 for proposals that can be acted on at stockholder
 meetings;

 ·  

 limit
 who may call stockholder meetings;
and

 ·  

 require
 the approval of the holders of two thirds of our outstanding common stock
 to enter into certain business combination transactions, subject to
 certain exceptions, including if the consideration to be received by our
 common stockholders in the transaction is deemed to be a fair
 price.

These
provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our
common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price
of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. These
provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for
stockholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our board
of directors.

In
addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the
provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may
prohibit large stockholders from consummating a merger with, or acquisition of,
us.

These
provisions may deter an acquisition of us that might otherwise be attractive to
stockholders.

 54

 Table of Contents