This
report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal
securities laws.  Forward-looking statements are all statements other
than statements of historical facts, such as statements regarding anticipated
production volumes, unit net cash costs, sales volumes, ore grades, milling
rates, commodity prices, development and capital expenditures, mine production
and development plans, availability of power, water, labor and equipment,
environmental reclamation and closure cost and plans, environmental liabilities
and expenditures, litigation liabilities and expenses, projected debt and cash
balances, dividend payments, reserve estimates, political, economic and social
conditions in our areas of operations and exploration efforts and
results.  Except for our ongoing obligations under the federal
securities laws, we do not intend, and we undertake no obligation, to update or
revise any forward-looking statements.  Readers are cautioned that
forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual
results may differ materially from those projected, anticipated or assumed in
the forward-looking statements.  Important factors that could cause
our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the
forward-looking statements include the following:

FINANCIAL
RISKS

Declines
in the market prices of copper, gold and molybdenum could adversely affect our
earnings and cash flows and, therefore, our ability to repay debt. Such declines
could also cause significant volatility in our financial performance and
adversely affect the trading prices of our debt and equity
securities.

 46

Table of Contents

Our
earnings and cash flows will be affected significantly by the market prices of
copper and, to a lesser extent, gold and molybdenum. The world market prices of
these commodities have fluctuated historically and are affected by numerous
factors beyond our control. Many financial analysts who follow the metals
markets are predicting that copper prices will decline significantly from their
current, historically high levels over the next few years. A decline in the
world market price of one or more of these commodities could (1) adversely
affect our earnings and cash flows, (2) adversely affect our ability to repay
our debt and meet our other fixed obligations, and (3) depress the trading
prices of our common and preferred stock and of our publicly traded debt
securities. In addition, substantially all of our copper concentrate sales
contracts and some of our copper cathode sales contracts provide final pricing
in a specified future period based on LME or COMEX
prices.  Accordingly, in times of falling copper prices, our revenues
during a quarter are negatively impacted from lower prices received for
contracts priced at current market rates and also from a decrease related to the
final pricing of provisionally priced contracts entered in prior
periods.

World
copper prices have historically fluctuated widely. During the three years ended
December 31, 2007, LME daily closing spot prices ranged from $1.39 to
$4.00 per pound for copper. World copper prices are affected by numerous
factors beyond our control, including:

·

the
strength of the U.S. economy and the economies of other industrialized and
developing nations, including China, which has become the largest 

consumer of refined copper in the world;

·

available
supplies of copper from mine production and inventories;

·

sales
by holders and producers of copper;

·

demand
for industrial products containing copper;

·

investment
activity, including speculation, in copper as a commodity;

·

the
availability and cost of substitute materials; and

·

currency
exchange fluctuations, including the relative strength or weakness of the
U.S.dollar.

World
gold prices have historically fluctuated widely. During the three years ended
December 31, 2007, the daily closing prices on the London spot market ranged
from $411 to $842 per ounce for gold. World gold prices are affected by numerous
factors beyond our control, including:

·

the
strength of the U.S. economy and the economies of other industrialized and
developing nations, including China;

·

global
or regional political or economic crises;

·

the
relative strength of the U.S. dollar and other currencies;

·

expectations
with respect to the rate of inflation;

·

interest
rates;

·

purchases
and sales of gold by central banks and other holders;

·

demand
for jewelry containing gold; and

·

investment
activity, including speculation, in gold as a commodity.

Molybdenum prices
also fluctuate widely. Molybdenum demand depends primarily on the global steel
industry, which uses the metal as a hardening and corrosion inhibiting agent.
Approximately 80 percent of molybdenum production is used in this
application. The remainder is used in specialty chemical applications such as
catalysts, water treatment agents and lubricants. Approximately 60 percent
of global molybdenum production is a by-product of copper mining, which
is relatively insensitive to molybdenum

prices.
During the three years ended December 31, 2007, the Metals
Week Dealer Oxide price for molybdenum ranged from $20.50 to
$40.00 per pound. Molybdenum prices are affected by numerous factors beyond
our control, including:

·

the
worldwide balance of molybdenum demand and supply;

·

rates
of global economic growth, especially construction and infrastructure activity
that requires significant amounts of steel;

 47

Table of Contents

·

the
volume of molybdenum produced as a by-product of copper
production;

·

inventory
levels;

·

currency
exchange fluctuations, including the relative strength of the U.S. dollar;
and

·

production
costs of U.S. and foreign competitors.

The
agreements governing our indebtedness contain provisions that limit our
discretion in the operation of our business and require us to meet financial
tests and other covenants. In addition, we are required to meet financial tests
showing our capability to perform required closure and remediation. The failure
to comply with such tests and covenants could have a material adverse effect on
us.

We
incurred significant debt to fund a portion of the cash consideration paid to
Phelps Dodge shareholders in our acquisition of Phelps Dodge. As of December 31,
2007, the outstanding principal amount of our indebtedness was $7.2 billion
(excluding unused availability under our revolving credit facilities of $1.4
billion after giving effect to outstanding letters of credit). The agreements
governing our indebtedness contain covenants that restrict our ability
to:

·

incur
additional indebtedness;

·

engage
in transactions with affiliates;

·

create
liens on our assets;

·

make
payments in respect of, or redeem or acquire, debt or equity issued by us or our
subsidiaries, including the payment of dividends on our common

stock;

·

make
acquisitions of new subsidiaries;

·

make
investments in, or loans, to entities that we do not control, including joint
ventures;

·

use
assets as security in other transactions;

·

sell
assets, subject to certain exceptions;

·

merge
with or into other companies;

·

enter
into sale and leaseback transactions;

·

enter
into unrelated businesses;

·

enter
into agreements or arrangements that restrict the ability of certain of
oursubsidiaries to pay dividends or other distributions;

·

prepay
indebtedness; and

·

enter
into certain new hedging transactions other than in the ordinary course of
business.

In
addition, our senior credit facilities require that we meet specified financial
tests at any time that borrowings or letters of credit are outstanding under our
revolving credit facility, including a leverage ratio test and a secured
leverage ratio test.

Any
failure to comply with the restrictions of our senior credit facilities or any
agreement governing our other indebtedness may result in an event of default.
Such default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which may
trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt agreements.
Our assets and cash flow may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under
our debt instruments that are accelerated upon an event of default.

If we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure
our indebtedness under, or amend the covenants contained in, our senior credit
agreements at maturity or in the event of a default, the lenders under our
senior credit facilities could terminate their commitments thereunder, cease
making further loans, declare all
borrowings outstanding (together with accrued interest and other fees)
immediately due and payable and institute foreclosure proceedings against the
security. Any such actions could force us into bankruptcy or
liquidation.

 48

Table of Contents

In addition, most of the financial assurance for our
southwestern U.S. mines is provided by financial capability demonstrations or
guarantees, both of which require a demonstration  that we meet
financial tests showing our capability to perform the required closure and
remediation or ability to back guarantees provided for our subsidiaries.
Financial capability demonstrations or guarantees have been submitted for
essentially all of the financial assurance for our Arizona mines. We maintain a
part of our financial assurance using guarantees in New Mexico. However, a
portion of our financial assurance requirements in New Mexico is supplied in
another form, such as letters of credit, real property collateral or a trust.
Our ability to satisfy financial capability demonstrations or utilize
third-party guarantees for financial assurance with respect to reclamation
obligations may be adversely affected if our credit ratings continue to be rated
below investment grade and we are unable to pass the affirmative financial
tests. If this w
ere to occur, we may be
required to provide alternative forms of financial assurance, such as letters of
credit, surety bonds, real property collateral or a trust.

We
need significant amounts of cash to service our debt. If we are unable to
generate sufficient cash to service our debt, our financial condition and
results of operations could be negatively affected.

We
must generate sufficient amounts of cash to service and repay our debt. Our
ability to generate cash will be affected by general economic, financial,
competitive and other factors that may be beyond our control. Future borrowings
may not be available to us under our senior credit facilities or from the
capital markets in amounts sufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or
to fund other liquidity needs. If we are not able to obtain such borrowings or
generate sufficient cash from operations to service and repay our indebtedness,
we will need to refinance our indebtedness to avoid any default. Such
refinancing may not be available on favorable terms or at all. The inability to
service, repay or refinance our indebtedness could negatively affect our
financial condition and results of operations.

Movements
in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates could negatively affect our
operating results.

Substantially
all of our revenues and a significant portion of our costs are denominated in
U.S. dollars; however, some of our costs, and certain of our asset and
liability accounts, are denominated in Indonesian rupiah, Chilean pesos,
Peruvian nuevos soles, Australia dollars, Euros and other foreign currencies. As
a result, we will be generally less profitable when the U.S. dollar weakens
in relation to these foreign currencies.

As
of December 31, 2007, approximately 18 percent of outstanding debt was subject
to variable interest rates. Increases in these rates will increase our interest
costs and reduce our profits and operating cash flows.

From
time to time, we may implement currency or interest rate hedges intended to
reduce our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange or interest rates.
However, our hedging strategies may not be successful, and any of our unhedged
foreign exchange or interest payments will continue to be subject to market
fluctuations.

OPERATIONAL
RISKS

The
volume and grade of ore reserves that we recover and our rate of production may
be more or less than anticipated. In addition, our exploration activities may
not result in additional discoveries.

Our ore reserve amounts are determined in accordance
with established mining industry practices and standards, and are estimates of
the mineral deposits that can be recovered economically and legally based on
currently available data. Ore bodies may not conform to standard geological
expectations, and estimates may change as new data becomes available. Because
ore bodies do not contain uniform grades and types of minerals, our metal
recovery rates will vary from time to time. There are also uncertainties
inherent in estimating quantities of ore reserves and copper recovered from
stockpiles. 

 49

Table of Contents

The
quantity of copper contained in mill and leach stockpiles is based on surveyed
volumes of mined material and daily production records. The volume and grade of
ore reserves recovered, rates of production and recovered copper from stockpiles
may be less than anticipated. Additionally, because the determination of
reserves is based partially on historical selling prices, a prospective decrease
in such prices may result in a reduction in economically recoverable, and
therefore reported, ore reserves. These factors may result in variations in the
volumes of mineral reserves that we report and the volume of minerals that we
can sell from period to period.

Our
ability to replenish our ore reserves is important to our long-term viability.
Our exploration programs may not result in the discovery of sufficient
additional mineral deposits that can be mined profitably.

Our
business is subject to operational risks that are generally outside of our
control and could adversely affect our business.

Mines
by their nature are subject to many operational risks and factors that are
generally outside of our control and could adversely affect our business,
operating results and cash flows. These operational risks and factors include
the following:

·

unanticipated
ground and water conditions;

·

adverse
claims to water rights and shortages of water to which we have
rights;

·

geological
problems, including earthquakes and other natural disasters;

·

metallurgical
and other processing problems;

·

the
occurrence of unusual weather or operating conditions and other force majeure
events;

·

lower
than expected ore grades or recovery rates;

·

accidents;

·

delays
in the receipt of or failure to receive necessary government
permits;

·

the
results of litigation, including appeals of agency
decisions;

·

uncertainty
of exploration and development;

·

delays
in transportation;

·

interruption
of energy supply;

·

labor
disputes;

·

inability
to hire and retain a sufficient number of skilled employees;

·

inability
to obtain satisfactory insurance coverage;

·

unavailability
of experienced labor, equipment and materials; and

·

the failure of 
equipment or processes to operate in accordance with
specifications or expectations.

Continuation
of our mining production is dependent on the availability of a sufficient water
supply to support our mining operations.

Our
mining operations require significant quantities of water for mining, ore
processing and related support facilities. Our operations in North and South
America are in desert areas where water is scarce and competition amoung users
for continuing access to water is significant. Continuous production at our
mines is dependent on our ability to maintain our water rights and claims and
defeat claims adverse to our current water uses in legal proceedings. In
addition, our right to use water at our U.S. operations is subject to applicable
state laws. Although each operation currently has sufficient water claims to
cover its operational demands, we cannot predict the potential outcome of
pending or future legal proceedings on our water rights, claims and
uses.  The loss of some or all water rights for any of our mines, in
whole or in part, or shortages of water to which we have rights could require us
to curtail or shut down mining production and could prevent us from pursuing
expansion opportunities.

 50

Table of Contents

An
interruption of energy supply could adversely affect our mining
operations.

Our
mining operations and development projects require significant energy. Our
principal energy sources are electricity, purchased petroleum products, natural
gas and coal. Our South American mining operations receive electrical power
under long-term contracts with local energy companies. Our African development
project, Tenke Fungurume, has entered into long-term power supply and
infrastructure funding agreements with the state-owned electric utility company
serving the Katanga province of the DRC. A disruption in the transmission of
energy, inadequate energy transmission infrastructure, or the termination of any
of our energy supply contracts could interrupt our energy supply and adversely
affect our operations.

Worldwide
expansion of mining activity has increased costs and created shortages of
equipment, supplies and experienced personnel. Increased production costs could
reduce our profitability and cash flow.

In
the last few years, there has been a significant increase in mining activity
worldwide to meet the demand of an expanding world economy and in response
to significant increases in prices of natural resources. The opening of new
mines and expansion of existing mines has led to increased demand for, and
increased costs and shortages of, equipment, supplies and experienced personnel.
These cost increases have significantly increased overall operating
and capital budgets of companies like ours, and continuing shortages could
affect the timing and feasibility of expansion projects.

Energy
represents a significant portion of our production costs. Our principal energy
sources are electricity, purchased petroleum products, natural gas and coal. An
inability to procure sufficient energy at reasonable prices could adversely
affect our profits, cash flow and growth opportunities. Our production costs are
also affected by the prices of commodities we consume or use in our operations,
such as sulfuric acid, grinding media, steel, reagents, liners, explosives and
diluents. The prices of such commodities are influenced by supply and demand
trends affecting the mining industry in general and other factors outside our
control and such prices are at times subject to volatile movements. Increases in
the cost of these commodities could make our operations less profitable, even in
an environment of relatively high copper prices. Increases in the costs of
commodities that we consume or use may also significantly affect the capital
costs of new projects.

In
addition to the usual risks encountered in the mining industry, our Indonesian
operations involve additional risks because they are located on unusually
difficult terrain in a very remote area.

Our
Grasberg mining operations are located in steep mountainous terrain in a very
remote area in Indonesia. Because of these conditions, we have had to overcome
special engineering difficulties and develop extensive infrastructure
facilities. In addition, the area receives considerable rainfall, which has led
to periodic floods and mudslides. The mine site is also in an active seismic
area and has experienced earth tremors from time to time. Our insurance may not
sufficiently cover an unexpected natural or operating disaster.

On
October 9, 2003, a slippage of material occurred in a section of the
Grasberg open pit, resulting in eight fatalities. On December 12, 2003, a
debris flow involving a relatively small amount of loose material occurred in
the same section of the open pit resulting in only minor property damage. The
events caused us to alter our short-term mine sequencing plans, which adversely
affected our 2003 and 2004 production. We resumed normal production activities
in the second quarter of 2004.

On March 23, 2006, a mud/topsoil slide
involving approximately 75,000 metric tons of material occurred from a mountain
ridge above service facilities supporting PT Freeport Indonesia’s mining
facilities. Regrettably, three contract workers were fatally injured in the
event. The material damaged a mess hall and
an adjacent area. As a result of investigations by PT Freeport Indonesia and the
Indonesian Department of Energy and Mineral Resources, we conducted geotechnical
studies to identify and address any potential hazards to workers and facilities
from slides. The existing early warning system for potential

 51

Table of Contents

slides, based upon rainfall and other factors, has also been
expanded. However, no assurance can be given that similar events will not occur
in the future.

Development projects are inherently
risky and may require more capital than anticipated, which could adversely
affect our business. 
In addition, our most significant
development project, Tenke Fungurume, is located in a remote area of the
DRC.

There
are many risks and uncertainties inherent in all development projects, including
our significant future development of underground mines at the Grasberg minerals
district, our Tenke Fungurume project and ongoing projects at our North and
South American operations. The economic feasibility of development projects
is based on many factors, including the accuracy of estimated reserves,
metallurgical recoveries, capital and operating costs and future prices of the
relevant minerals. The capital expenditures and time required to develop
new mines or other projects are considerable, and changes in costs or
construction schedules can affect project economics. Thus it is possible that
actual costs and economic returns may differ materially from our
estimates.

New
development projects have no operating history upon which to base estimates of
future cash flow. These development projects also require the successful
completion of feasibility studies, acquisition of governmental permits,
acquisition of land, power and water and ensuring that appropriate community
infrastructure is developed by third parties to support such projects.  It
is possible that we could fail to obtain the government approvals necessary for
the operation of a project, in which case, the project may not proceed, either
on its original timing or at all. It is not unusual for new mining operations to
experience unexpected problems during the start-up phase, resulting in delays in
producing revenue and increases in invested capital.

Our
Tenke Fungurume project is located in a remote area of the DRC and is subject to
additional challenges due to:

·

severely
limited infrastructure, including road and rail access;

·

limited
and possibly unreliable energy supply;

·

security
risks; and

·

limited
health care in an area plagued by disease and other potential endemic health
issues, including malaria.

Consequently,
our Tenke Fungurume development project may be substantially affected by factors
beyond our control, which could increase the cost of the project and adversely
affect its ultimate contribution to our operating results.

ENVIRONMENTAL
RISKS

Our
domestic and international operations are subject to complex and evolving
environmental laws and regulations, and compliance with environmental and
regulatory requirements involves significant costs.

Our
ongoing mining operations and exploration activities, both in the U.S. and
elsewhere, are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing exploration,
development, production, occupational health, mine safety, toxic substances,
waste disposal, protection and remediation of the environment, protection of
endangered and protected species, and other related matters. Compliance with
these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs and we expect these costs
to continue to increase in the future because of increased demand for
remediation services and shortages of equipment, supplies, labor and other
factors. The Federal Clean Air Act (CAA) has had a significant impact,
particularly on our domestic smelter and power plants. Any change in regulation
of the mining industry under the Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
(RCRA) could have a significant impact, both on operational compliance and
closure costs. In addition, environmental laws and regulations may change in
ways that could adversely affect our operations or expansion
opportunities.

 52

Table of Contents

In
addition to compliance with environmental regulation at our operating sites, we
incur significant costs for remediating environmental conditions on properties
that have not been operated in many years.

Phelps
Dodge and many of its affiliates and predecessor companies have been involved in
mining, milling, and manufacturing in the U.S. for more than a century.
Activities that occurred in the late 19th
century and the 20
th
century prior to the advent of modern environmental laws were not
subject to environmental regulation and were conducted before American
industrial companies understood the long-term effects of their operations on the
surrounding environment. With the passage of CERCLA in 1980, companies like
Phelps Dodge became legally responsible for environmental remediation on