This
report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than
statements of historical facts, such as statements regarding anticipated
production volumes, unit net cash costs, sales volumes, ore grades, milling
rates, commodity prices, development and capital expenditures, mine production
and development plans, availability of power, water, labor and equipment,
environmental reclamation and closure costs and plans, environmental liabilities
and expenditures, litigation expense and results, dividend payments, reserve
estimates, exploration efforts and results, operating cash flows, copper, gold,
molybdenum and cobalt price changes, deferred intercompany profit impacts on
financial results, and anticipated political, economic and social conditions in
our areas of operations. We undertake no obligation, to update or revise any
forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may
differ materially from those projected, anticipated or assumed in the
forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements include the following.

Financial
risks

Extended
declines in the market prices of copper, gold and/or molybdenum could adversely
affect our earnings and cash flows and, if sustained, could adversely affect our
ability to repay debt. Fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold or
molybdenum can cause significant volatility in our financial performance and
adversely affect the trading prices of our debt and equity
securities.

Our
earnings and cash flows are affected significantly by the market prices of
copper and, to a lesser extent, gold and molybdenum. The world market prices of
these commodities have fluctuated historically and are affected by numerous
factors beyond our control. For information about movements in the market prices
of these commodities, refer to Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Copper, Gold and Molybdenum
Markets.” An extended decline in the market prices of these commodities could
(1) adversely affect our earnings and cash flows, (2) adversely affect our
ability to repay our debt and meet our other fixed obligations, and (3) depress
the trading prices of our common and preferred stock and of our publicly traded
debt securities.

In
addition, substantially all of our copper concentrate sales and some of our
copper cathode sales are provisionally priced at the time of shipment. The
provisional prices are finalized in a contractually specified future period
(generally one to four months from the shipment date) based primarily on quoted
London Metal Exchange (LME) prices. Accordingly, in times of falling copper
prices, our revenues are negatively affected by lower prices received for
contracts priced at current market rates and also from a decrease related to the
final pricing of provisionally priced sales pursuant to contracts entered into
in prior periods; in times of rising copper prices, the opposite
occurs.

There
continues to be uncertainty in the global economy, which could negatively affect
the market prices of commodities, including the metals that we produce. If
market prices for the metals we produce decline for a sustained period of time,
we may have to revise our operating plans, including curtailing production,
reducing operating costs and capital expenditures and discontinuing certain
exploration and development programs. We may be unable to decrease our costs in
an amount sufficient to offset reductions in revenues, and may incur
losses.

World
copper prices have historically fluctuated widely. During the three years ended
December 31, 2009, LME daily closing spot prices ranged from $1.26 to
$4.08 per pound for copper. The LME spot copper price closed at $3.11 per
pound on January 29, 2010. World copper prices are affected by numerous factors
beyond our control, including:

 ·  

 the
 strength of the U.S. economy and the economies of other industrialized and
 developing nations, including China, which has become the largest consumer
 of refined copper in the world;

 ·  

 available
 supplies of copper from mine production and
 inventories;

 ·  

 sales
 by holders and producers of copper;

 ·  

 demand
 for industrial products containing
copper;

 41

 Table of Contents

 ·  

 investment
 activity, including speculation, in copper as a
 commodity;

 ·  

 the
 availability and cost of substitute materials;
 and

 ·  

 currency
 exchange fluctuations, including the relative strength or weakness of the
 U.S. dollar.

World
gold prices have historically fluctuated widely. During the three years ended
December 31, 2009, the daily closing prices on the London spot market ranged
from $608 to $1,213 per ounce for gold. London gold prices closed at $1,079 per
ounce on January 29, 2010. World gold prices are affected by numerous factors
beyond our control, including:

 ·  

 the
 strength of the U.S. economy and the economies of other
 industrialized and developing nations, including
 China;

 ·  

 global
 or regional political or economic
crises;

 ·  

 the
 relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar and other
 currencies;

 ·  

 expectations
 with respect to the rate of
inflation;

 ·  

 interest
 rates;

 ·  

 purchases
 and sales of gold by governments, central banks and other
 holders;

 ·  

 demand
 for jewelry containing gold; and

 ·  

 investment
 activity, including speculation, in gold as a
 commodity.

Molybdenum
prices also fluctuate widely. Molybdenum demand depends primarily on the global
steel industry, which uses the metal as a hardening and corrosion inhibiting
agent. Approximately 80 percent of molybdenum production is used in this
application. The remainder is used in specialty chemical applications such as
catalysts, water treatment agents and lubricants. Approximately 50 percent
of global molybdenum production is a by-product of copper mining, which is
relatively insensitive to molybdenum prices. During the three years ended
December 31, 2009, the
Metals Week Dealer Oxide weekly average price for molybdenum ranged from
$7.83 to $33.88 per pound. The 
Metals Week Molybdenum Dealer
Oxide weekly average price was $14.88 per pound on January 29, 2010. Molybdenum
prices are affected by numerous factors beyond our control,
including:

 ·  

 the
 worldwide balance of molybdenum demand and
 supply;

 ·  

 rates
 of global economic growth, especially construction and infrastructure
 activity that requires significant amounts of
 steel;

 ·  

 the
 volume of molybdenum produced as a by-product of copper
 production;

 ·  

 inventory
 levels;

 ·  

 currency
 exchange fluctuations, including the relative strength or weakness of the
 U.S. dollar; and

 ·  

 production
 costs of U.S. and foreign
competitors.

The
agreements governing our indebtedness require us to meet certain financial tests
and other covenants and as a result may limit our flexibility in the operation
of our business and our ability to pay dividends on our common
stock.

We
incurred significant debt to fund a portion of the cash consideration paid to
acquire Phelps Dodge Corporation (Phelps Dodge). As of December 31, 2009, the
outstanding principal amount of our indebtedness was $6.3 billion. The
agreements governing our indebtedness restrict, subject to certain exceptions,
our ability to:

 42

 Table of Contents

 ·  

 incur
 additional indebtedness;

 ·  

 engage
 in transactions with affiliates;

 ·  

 create
 liens on our assets;

 ·  

 make
 payments in respect of equity issued by us or our subsidiaries, including
 the payment of dividends on our common
stock;

 ·  

 make
 investments in, or loans, to entities that we do not control, including
 joint ventures;

 ·  

 sell
 assets;

 ·  

 merge
 with or into other companies;

 ·  

 enter
 into sale and leaseback
transactions;

 ·  

 enter
 into unrelated businesses;

 ·  

 enter
 into agreements or arrangements that restrict the ability of certain of
 our subsidiaries to pay dividends or other
 distributions;

 ·  

 prepay
 indebtedness; and

 ·  

 enter
 into hedging transactions other than in the ordinary course of
 business.

In April
2008, Standard & Poor’s Rating Services (S&P) and Fitch Ratings raised
our corporate credit rating and the ratings on our unsecured debt to BBB-
(investment grade). As a result of the upgrade of our unsecured debt to
investment grade by S&P, the restrictions contained in our 8.375%, 8.25% and floating
rate senior notes on incurring debt, making restricted payments and
selling assets were suspended.

In
addition, our senior revolving credit facilities require that we meet certain
financial tests at any time that borrowings are outstanding under these
facilities, including a leverage ratio test (Total Debt to Consolidated EBITDA,
as those terms are defined in the facility, for the preceding four quarters
cannot exceed 5.0 to 1.0 on the last day of any fiscal quarter) and a secured
leverage ratio test (Total Secured Debt to Consolidated EBITDA, as those terms
are defined in the facility, for the preceding four quarters cannot exceed 3.0
to 1.0 on the last day of any fiscal quarter). During periods in which
copper, gold or molybdenum prices or production volumes, or other conditions
reflect the adverse impact of cyclical market trends or other factors, we may
not be able to comply with the applicable financial covenants.

Our
senior revolving credit facilities and our 8.375%, 8.25% and floating rate
senior notes contain covenants that limit our ability to make certain payments.
These restrictions vary among the instruments, but generally limit our ability
to pay certain dividends on common and preferred stock, repurchase or redeem
common and preferred equity, prepay subordinated debt and make certain
investments. To the
extent the rating is downgraded below investment grade, these covenants in our
8.375%, 8.25% and floating rate senior notes
 would again become
effective. At December 31, 2009, the most restrictive of these covenants
related to restricted payments allowed for payments up to approximately $7.6
billion.

Our
obligations under our senior credit facilities are (1) guaranteed by
substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries and (2) secured by a pledge of
(a) 100 percent of the equity in substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries
and (b) 66.5 percent of the equity in substantially all of our first tier
foreign subsidiaries.

Any
failure to comply with the restrictions of our senior credit facilities, senior
notes or any agreement governing our other indebtedness, after giving effect to
any applicable grace period, may result in an event of default. Such default may
allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which may trigger
cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt agreements. We
would not be able to fully repay when due borrowings under our debt instruments
that are accelerated upon an event of default.

 43

 Table of Contents

If we are
unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness under, or amend the
covenants contained in, our senior credit agreements at maturity or in the event
of a default, the lenders under our senior credit facilities could terminate
their commitments thereunder, cease making further loans, declare all borrowings
outstanding (together with accrued interest and other fees) immediately due and
payable and institute foreclosure proceedings against the collateral. Any such
actions could negatively affect our financial condition and results of
operations.

Under U.S.
federal and state laws that require closure and reclamation plans for our mines,
we are required to provide financial assurance sufficient to allow a third party
to implement those plans if we are unable to do so. The U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA) and state agencies may seek financial assurance for
investigation and remediation actions taken under the Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) or equivalent
state regulations. 
The failure to
comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on
us.

We are
required by U.S. federal and state laws to provide financial assurance
sufficient to allow a third party to implement approved closure and reclamation
plans if we are unable to do so. These laws are complex and vary from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The laws govern the determination of the scope and
cost of the closure and reclamation obligations and the amount and forms of
financial assurance.

In July
2009, EPA published a Priority Notice of Action identifying classes of
facilities within the hardrock mining industry for which the agency will develop
financial responsibility requirements. It is uncertain how the new requirements
will affect the amount and form of our existing and future financial assurance
obligations.

As of
December 31, 2009, our financial assurance obligations associated with closure
and reclamation costs totaled approximately $710 million, of which approximately
$414 million was in the form of parent company guarantees and financial
capability demonstrations. Our ability to continue to provide financial
assurance in the form of parent guarantees and financial capability
demonstrations in New Mexico and Arizona depends on our ability to meet
financial tests. Certain of the ratios in these tests are significantly more
rigorous for companies that do not have an investment grade rating from a
state-approved ratings service. We are currently rated investment grade by
Standard & Poor’s and Fitch, but are not rated investment grade by Moody’s.
If we fail to maintain our investment grade rating, we would be subject to these
alternate tests, in which case, the regulatory agencies may require us to
provide alternative forms of financial assurance to fully satisfy our financial
assurance obligations, such as letters of credit, surety bonds or collateral.
Depending on our financial condition and market conditions, these other forms of
financial assurance may be difficult or costly to provide. Issuance of letters
of credit under our credit facilities would reduce our available liquidity.
Failure to provide the required financial assurance could result in the closure
of mines. As of December 31, 2009, we have limited financial assurance
obligations associated with CERCLA-related actions, although EPA and certain
states are currently considering increasing the use of financial assurance
requirements. For
additional information, see the risk factor “Mine closure regulations impose
substantial costs on our operations” below.

We
need significant amounts of cash to service our debt. If we are unable to
generate sufficient cash to service our debt, our financial condition and
results of operations could be negatively affected.

As of
December 31, 2009, the outstanding principal amount of our debt was $6.3
billion. We must generate sufficient amounts of cash to service and repay our
debt. Our ability to generate cash will be affected by general economic,
financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are
beyond our control. Future borrowings may not be available to us under our
senior credit facilities or from the capital markets in amounts sufficient to
pay our obligations as they mature or to fund other liquidity needs. In
addition, disruptions in the credit and financial markets, such as those
beginning in late 2008, can constrain our access to capital and increase its
cost. The inability to service, repay or refinance our indebtedness could
negatively affect our financial condition and results of
operations.

If future
financing is not available to us when required, as a result of limited access to
the credit markets or otherwise, or is not available on acceptable terms, we may
be unable to invest needed capital for our development and exploration programs,
take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures,
any of which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial
condition.

 44

 Table of Contents

Movements
in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates could negatively affect our
operating results.

Substantially
all of our revenues and a significant portion of our costs are denominated in
U.S. dollars; however, some costs, and certain asset and liability accounts
are denominated in local currencies, including the Indonesian rupiah, Australian
dollar, Chilean peso, Peruvian nuevos sol and euro. As a result, our results are
adversely affected when the U.S. dollar weakens in relation to those
foreign currencies.

At
December 31, 2009, approximately 19 percent of our outstanding debt was subject
to variable interest rates. Increases in these rates will increase our interest
costs and reduce our profits and operating cash flows.

From time
to time, we may implement currency or interest rate hedges intended to reduce
our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange or interest rates. However,
our hedging strategies may not be successful, and any of our unhedged foreign
exchange or interest payments will continue to be subject to market
fluctuations.

Operational
risks

The
volume and grade of ore reserves that we recover and our rate of production may
be more or less than anticipated.

Our ore
reserve amounts are determined in accordance with established mining industry
practices and standards, and are estimates of the mineral deposits that can be
recovered economically and legally based on currently available data. Estimates
of recoverable proven and probable reserves are subject to considerable
uncertainty. Ore bodies may not conform to standard geological expectations, and
estimates may change as new data becomes available. Because ore bodies do not
contain uniform grades and types of minerals, our metal recovery rates will vary
from time to time.

Additionally,
because the determination of reserves is based partially on estimates of future
selling prices, a sustained decrease in such prices may result in a reduction in
economically recoverable ore reserves. These factors may result in variations in
the volumes of mineral reserves that we report from period to
period.

There are
also uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of ore reserves and copper
recovered from stockpiles. The quantity of copper contained in mill and leach
stockpiles is based on surveyed volumes of mined material and daily production
records. The volume and grade of ore reserves recovered, rates of production and
recovered copper from stockpiles may be less than anticipated.

We
must continually replace reserves depleted by production. Our exploration
activities may not result in additional discoveries.

Our
ability to replenish our ore reserves is important to our long-term viability.
Produced ore reserves must be replaced by further delineation of existing ore
bodies or by locating new deposits in order to maintain production levels over
the long term. Open-pit operations at Grasberg are expected to continue through
mid 2016, at which time underground mining operations are scheduled to begin at
our Grasberg Block Cave mine, which is under development. Production at the DOZ
mine is expected to continue through 2020 and we plan to ramp up production at
our Deep Mill Level Zone (DMLZ) block cave mine, which is currently under
development, beginning in 2015. In addition, oxide copper production at El Abra
is expected to decline over the next several years and production from the
sulfide ore is expected to begin in 2012.

Exploration
is highly speculative in nature. Our exploration projects involve many risks,
require substantial expenditures and may not result in the discovery of
sufficient additional mineral deposits that can be mined profitably. Once a site
with mineralization is discovered, it may take several years from the initial
phases of drilling until production is possible, during which time the economic
feasibility of production may change. Substantial expenditures are required to
establish recoverable proven and probable reserves and to construct mining and
processing facilities. As a result, there is no assurance that current or future
exploration programs will be successful. There is a risk that depletion of
reserves will not be offset by discoveries or acquisitions.

 45

 Table of Contents

Development
projects are inherently risky and may require more capital than anticipated,
which could adversely affect our business.

There are
many risks and uncertainties inherent in all development projects, including our
significant future development of underground mines at the Grasberg minerals
district and our development of a large sulfide deposit at El Abra. The economic
feasibility of development projects is based on many factors, including the
accuracy of estimated reserves, metallurgical recoveries, capital and operating
costs and future prices of the relevant minerals. The capital expenditures and
time required to develop new mines or other projects are considerable, and
changes in costs or construction schedules can affect project economics.
Moreover, underground mining is generally more expensive than surface mining as
a result of higher capital costs, including costs for modern mining equipment
and construction of extensive ventilation systems. Thus it is possible that
actual costs and economic returns may differ materially from our
estimates.

New
development projects have no operating history upon which to base estimates of
future cash flow. These development projects also require the successful
completion of feasibility studies, acquisition of governmental permits,
acquisition of land, power and water, and ensuring that appropriate community
infrastructure is developed by third parties to support such projects. It is
possible that we could fail to obtain the government approvals necessary for the
operation of a project, in which case, the project may not proceed, either on
its original timing or at all. It is not unusual for new mining operations to
experience unexpected problems during the start-up phase, resulting in delays in
producing revenue and increases in invested capital.

The
development of underground mines is subject to additional risks, including the
following:

 ·  

 Unanticipated
 geologic, geotechnical and hydrogeologic
 conditions;

 ·  

 Challenges
 related to hiring and training the personnel required for the ramp-up in
 underground mining activities;

 ·  

 Larger
 than expected dilution of ore associated with block caving and stoping
 mining methods; and

 ·  

 Unanticipated
 delays in the development of major access and supporting
 infrastructure due to engineering changes, late delivery of critical
 components and longer than planned construction
 periods.

Some of
these risks could result in a delay to production start-up and a loss or
reduction in minable tons. There can be no assurance that the occurrence of such
events or conditions would not have a material adverse impact on our business
and results of operations.

Our
business is subject to operational risks that could adversely affect our
business.

Mines by
their nature are subject to many operational risks, some of which are outside of
our control. These operational risks, which could adversely affect our business,
operating results and cash flows, include the following:

 ·  

 earthquakes,
 floods and other natural disasters;

 ·  

 the
 occurrence of unusual weather or operating conditions and other force
 majeure events;

 ·  

 the
 failure of equipment or processes to operate in accordance with
 specifications, design or
expectations;

 ·  

 accidents;

 ·  

 wall
 failures and rock slides in our open pit mines, and structural collapses
 in our underground mines;

 ·  

 problems
 associated with the construction and management of large impoundments
 containing tailings or other viscous or semi-solid materials, some of
 which also contain mineral and chemical contaminants, such as structural
 failures or leakages;

 46

 Table of Contents

 ·  

 interruption
 of energy supply;

 ·  

 lower
 than expected ore grades or recovery
rates;

 ·  

 metallurgical
 and other processing problems;

 ·  

 unanticipated
 ground and water conditions;

 ·  

 adverse
 claims to water rights and shortages of water to which we have
 rights;

 ·  

 adjacent
 land ownership or usage that results in constraints on current or future
 mine operations;

 ·  

 delays
 in the receipt of or failure to receive necessary government
 permits;

 ·  

 delays
 in transportation and disruptions of supply
 routes;

 ·  

 labor
 disputes; and

 ·  

 the
 inability to obtain satisfactory insurance
 coverage.

The
failure to adequately manage some of these risks could result in significant
personal injury, loss of life, property damage and damage to the environment,
both on and outside our operating sites, as well as damage to production
facilities and delays in production.

Continuation
of our mining production is dependent on the availability of a sufficient water
supply to support our mining operations.

Our
mining operations require significant quantities of water for mining, ore
processing and related support facilities. Our operations in North and South
America are in areas where water is scarce and competition among users for
continuing access to water is significant. Continuous production at our mines is
dependent on our ability to maintain our water rights and claims and defeat
claims adverse to our current water uses in legal proceedings. At our U.S.
operations, under state law, our water rights give us only the right to use
public waters for a statutorily defined beneficial use at a designated location.
In Arizona, we are a participant in two active general stream adjudications in
which for over 30 years the State of Arizona has been attempting to quantify and
prioritize surface water claims in two of the state’s largest river systems that
affect four of our operating mines (Morenci, Sierrita, Miami and Safford). These
legal proceedings may also affect our Arizona mine at Bagdad. Groundwater is not
subject to adjudication in Arizona, but is subject to the doctrine of reasonable
use, which requires balancing the utility of the use against the gravity of the
harm to others who have rights in the same aquifer; however, wells may be
subject to adjudication to the extent they are found to produce or affect
surface water. In Colorado, our surface water and groundwater rights are subject
to adjudication and we are involved in legal proceedings to resolve disputes
regarding priority of administration of rights, including priority of some of
our rights for the Climax mine. Our surface water and groundwater rights are
fully licensed or have been fully adjudicated in New Mexico.

In South
America, water for our mining operations at Candelaria and Ojos del Salado is
drawn from the Copiapó River aquifer. Because of rapid depletion of this aquifer
in recent years, ongoing studies are assessing the available supply for our
mining operations at these sites. Due to anticipated shortages in this water
resource, plans are in place to develop new supplementary water supplies.
Construction is under way to convey treated effluent from a nearby sewage
treatment plant to the mine and permitting has begun to construct both a
desalination plant near the Pacific Ocean to treat seawater and a pipeline to
convey the desalinated water to the Candelaria mine.

Water for
our El Abra mining operations in Chile comes from the continued pumping of
groundwater from the Salar de Ascotán pursuant to regulatory approval. At El
Abra, hydrogeologic studies are ongoing to obtain regulatory approval for the
continued pumping of groundwater from the Salar de Ascotán to process sulfide
ore. We expect that the amount of water needed to develop the sulfide ore
project will represent a significant increase over current volumes used in
processing the oxide ore. El Abra is working closely with regulatory authorities
to meet these requirements. Failure to obtain the necessary regulatory approval
or receipt of approval in a less than desired amount could adversely affect our
development of the sulfide ore project as planned.

 47

 Table of Contents

Water for
our Cerro Verde mining operations in Peru comes from a series of storage
reservoirs on the Rio Chili watershed that collect water primarily from seasonal
precipitation. Our Cerro Verde mining operations recently constructed several
new water reservoirs on the Rio Chili watershed to obtain more water rights and
to expand storage capacity. Due to occasional drought and possible effects of
climate change reducing precipitation levels, temporary supply shortages are
possible that could affect our operations as currently planned.

Although
each operation currently has sufficient water rights and claims to cover its
operational demands, we cannot predict the potential outcome of pending or
future legal proceedings on our water rights, claims and uses. The loss of some
or all water rights for any of our mines, in whole or in part, or shortages of
water to which we have rights could require us to curtail or shut down mining
production and could prevent us from pursuing expansion
opportunities.

An
interruption of energy supply could adversely affect our mining
operations.

Our
mining operations and development projects require significant amounts of
energy. Our principal energy sources are electricity, purchased petroleum
products, natural gas and coal. Our South America mining operations receive
electrical power under long-term contracts with local energy companies. Our
Africa mining operation has entered into long-term power supply and
infrastructure funding agreements with the state-owned electric utility company
serving the Katanga province of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). A
disruption in the transmission of energy, inadequate energy transmission
infrastructure, or the termination of any of our energy supply contracts could
interrupt our energy supply and adversely affect our operations.

Increased
production costs could reduce our profitability and cash flow.

Energy
represents a significant portion of our production costs. An inability to
procure sufficient energy at reasonable prices could adversely affect our
profits, cash flow and growth opportunities. Our production costs are also
affected by the prices of commodities we consume or use in our operations, such
as sulphuric acid, grinding media, steel, reagents, liners, explosives and
diluents. The prices of such commodities are influenced by supply and demand
trends affecting the mining industry in general and other factors outside our
control and such prices are at times subject to volatile movements. Increases in
the cost of these commodities could make our operations less profitable.
Increases in the costs of commodities that we consume or use may also
significantly affect the capital costs of new projects.

In
addition to the usual risks encountered in the mining industry, our Indonesia
operations involve additional risks because they are located on unusually
difficult terrain in a very remote area.

Our
Grasberg mining operations are located in steep mountainous terrain in a very
remote area in Indonesia. Because of these conditions, we have had to overcome
special engineering difficulties and develop extensive infrastructure
facilities. In addition, the area receives considerable rainfall, which has led
to periodic floods and mudslides. The mine site is also in an active seismic
area and has experienced earth tremors from time to time. Our insurance may not
sufficiently cover an unexpected natural or operating disaster.

On
October 9, 2003, a slippage of material occurred in a section of the Grasberg
open pit, resulting in eight fatalities. On December 12, 2003, a debris flow
involving a relatively small amount of loose material occurred in the same
section of the open pit resulting in only minor property damage. The events
caused us to alter our short-term mine sequencing plans, which adversely
affected our 2003 and 2004 production. We resumed normal production activities
in the second quarter of 2004.

On March
23, 2006, a mud/topsoil slide involving approximately 75,000 metric tons of
material occurred from a mountain ridge above service facilities supporting PT
Freeport Indonesia’s mining facilities. Three contract workers were fatally
injured in the event. The material damaged a mess hall and an adjacent area. As
a result of investigations by PT Freeport Indonesia and the Indonesian
Department of Energy and Mineral Resources, we conducted geotechnical studies to
identify and address any potential hazards to workers and facilities from
slides. The existing early warning system for potential slides, based upon
rainfall and other factors, has also been expanded.

 48

 Table of Contents

On
September 10, 2008, a small scale failure encompassing approximately 75,000
metric tons of material occurred at our Grasberg open pit. There were no
injuries or property damage. The event caused a delay in our access to the
high-grade section of the open pit and, as a result, a portion of the metal
expected to be mined in the second half of 2008 was deferred to future
periods.

No
assurance can be given that similar events will not occur in the
future.

Our
Africa mining operation, Tenke Fungurume, involves additional risks because it
is located in a remote area of the DRC.

Our
Africa mining operation is located in a remote area of the DRC and is subject to
additional challenges, including:

 ·  

 severely
 limited infrastructure, including road, bridge and rail access that is in
 disrepair and receives minimal
maintenance;

 ·  

 limited
 and possibly unreliable energy supply from antiquated equipment and from
 power distribution corridors that are not
 maintained;

 ·  

 challenges
 in obtaining experienced personnel;

 ·  

 security
 risks; and

 ·  

 limited
 health care in an area plagued by disease and other potential endemic
 health issues, including malaria and
cholera.

For
example, due to limited rail access, we currently truck a significant portion of
the production from our Africa mining operation approximately 1,900 miles to
ports in South Africa. Our Africa mining operation and future development may be
substantially affected by factors beyond our control, which could adversely
affect their contribution to our operating results and increase the cost of
future development.

Environmental
risks

Our
domestic and international operations are subject to complex and evolving
environmental laws and regulations, and compliance with environmental and
regulatory requirements involves significant costs.

Our
ongoing mining operations and exploration activities, both in the U.S. and
elsewhere, are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing exploration,
development, production, occupational health, mine safety, toxic substances,
waste disposal, protection and remediation of the environment, protection of
endangered and protected species, and other related matters. Compliance with
these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs and we expect these costs
to continue to increase in the future because of increased regulatory
enforcement, increased demand for remediation services and shortages of
equipment, supplies, labor and other factors. The Federal Clean Air Act has had
a significant impact, particularly on our domestic smelter and power plants. Any
change in waste management regulation of the mining industry under the Federal
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act could have a significant impact, both on
operational compliance and closure costs. In addition, environmental laws and
regulations may change in ways that could substantially increase compliance
costs or adversely affect our operations or expansion
opportunities.

In
addition to compliance with environmental regulation at our operating sites, we
incur significant costs for remediating environmental conditions on properties
that have not been operated in many years.

Freeport-McMoRan
Corporation (FMC, formerly Phelps Dodge Corporation), and many of its affiliates
and predecessor companies have been involved in mining, milling, and
manufacturing in the U.S. for more than a century. Activities that occurred in
the late 19th century and the 20th century prior to the advent of modern
environmental laws were not subject to environmental regulation and were
conducted before American industrial companies understood the long-term effects
of their operations on the surrounding environment. With the passage of CERCLA
in 1980, companies like Phelps Dodge became legally responsible for
environmental remediation on properties previously owned or operated by them,
irrespective of when the damage to the environment occurred or who caused it.
That liability is often shared on a joint and several basis with all other

 49

 Table of Contents

owners
and operators, meaning that each owner or operator of the property is fully
responsible for the clean-up, although in many cases some or all of the other
historical owners or operators no longer exist, do not have the financial
ability to respond or cannot be found. As a result, because of our acquisition
of Phelps Dodge in 2007, many of the subsidiary companies we now own are
responsible for a wide variety of environmental remediation projects throughout
the U.S., and we expect to spend substantial sums annually for many years to
address these remediation issues. We are also subject to claims where the
release of hazardous substances is alleged to have damaged natural resources. As
of December 31, 2009, we had more than 100 active remediation projects in the
U.S. in approximately 25 states.

We
incurred aggregate environmental capital expenditure and other environmental
costs, (including our joint venture partners’ shares), to comply with applicable
environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations of $289 million in
2009, $377 million in 2008 and $280 million in 2007. For 2010, we expect to
incur approximately $426 million of aggregate environmental capital expenditures
and other environmental costs, which are part of our overall 2010 operating
budget.

At
December 31, 2009, $1.5 billion of environmental obligations were recorded in
our consolidated balance sheet. Our environmental obligation estimates are based
upon (1) our knowledge and beliefs about complex scientific and historical facts
and circumstances that in many cases involve events that occurred many decades
ago, (2) our beliefs and assumptions regarding the nature, extent and duration
of remediation activities that we will be required to undertake the estimated
costs of those activities, which are subject to varying interpretations, and (3)
our beliefs regarding the requirements that are imposed on us by existing laws
and regulations and, in some cases, the expected clarification of uncertain
regulatory requirements that could materially affect our environmental
obligation estimates. Significant adjustments to these estimates are likely to
occur in the future as additional information becomes available. The actual
environmental costs ultimately may exceed our current and future accruals for
these costs, and any such changes could be material. Refer to Note 14 for more
information on our environmental obligations.

An
adverse ruling in one or more pending legal proceedings involving environmental
matters could have a material adverse effect on us.

As
described in our Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings, we are a
defendant in numerous and in some cases significant litigation involving
environmental cleanup costs, alleged environmental toxic torts and
interpretations of environmental regulations. An adverse ruling in one or more
of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flow.

Mine
closure regulations impose substantial costs on our
operations.

Our
domestic operations are subject to various federal and state permitting
requirements that include mine closure and mined-land reclamation obligations.
These requirements are complex and vary depending upon the jurisdiction. The
laws govern the determination of the scope and cost of the closure and
reclamation obligations and the amount and forms of financial assurance
sufficient to allow a third party to meet the obligations of those plans if we
are unable to do so. In general, our domestic mines are required to review
estimated closure and reclamation costs on either a periodic basis or at the
time of significant permit modifications and post increasing amounts of
financial assurance as required.

In
addition, our international mines are subject to various mine closure and
mined-land reclamation laws, and there have recently been significant changes in
closure and reclamation programs in both Peru and Chile that impose more
stringent obligations on us for closure and reclamation. Updated closure plans
for our three Chilean operations were submitted to the government in February
2009 and the Peruvian government approved Cerro Verde’s closure plan in October
2009.

Our asset
retirement obligations (AROs), determined as required by generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) in the U.S. totaled $731 million (including
approximately $46 million for the current portion) at December 31, 2009. At
December 31, 2009, we had accrued reclamation and closure costs of $351 million
for our New Mexico operations, $187 million for our Arizona operations and $102
million for PT Freeport Indonesia. ARO cost estimates may increase or decrease
significantly in the future as a result of changes in regulations, engineering
designs and technology, permit modifications or updates, mine plans, cost of
inflation or other factors and as actual reclamation spending
occurs.

 50

 Table of Contents

Regulation
of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change issues may increase our costs and
adversely affect our operations and markets.

Many
scientists believe that emissions from the combustion of carbon-based fuels
contribute to greenhouse effects and therefore potentially to climate change. In
2009, our worldwide total greenhouse gas emissions, measured as carbon dioxide
equivalent emissions, were 8.9 million metric tons, nearly equally divided
between direct and indirect emissions. Most of our direct emissions are from
fuel combustion in haul trucks, followed by the combustion of fuels to provide
energy for roasting, smelting and other processes. Indirect emissions are
generally the emissions of outside providers from whom we purchase electricity
for use in our operations. Approximately 19 percent of our direct emissions are
in North America and 68 percent in Indonesia, and approximately 60 percent of
our indirect emissions are in North America and 38 percent in South
America.

A number
of governments have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes regarding
greenhouse gas emissions. For example, in the U.S., the EPA issued final
regulations in September 2009 requiring mandatory monitoring and reporting of
greenhouse gas emissions in specified circumstances, commencing in 2010. Our
Morenci mine, Miami smelter and El Paso refinery will likely be required to
report their emissions under this program. In December 2009, the EPA issued
findings under the Clean Air Act that the current and projected concentrations
of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere threaten public health and welfare. While
the findings themselves do not impose any requirements, they form the basis for
future regulation of our greenhouse gas emissions in the U.S. In June 2009, the
U.S. House of Representatives passed the American Clean Energy and Security Act
of 2009 (ACES), also known as the Waxman-Markey Bill, which proposes to impose a
“cap and trade” program aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Several
states have also initiated action on their own or as part of regional
organizations, such as the Western Climate Initiative, to limit emissions of
greenhouse gases. The U.S. may also become a party to international agreements
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, which could lead to new regulations
affecting our U.S. operations. The December 1997 Kyoto Protocol established a
set of greenhouse gas emission targets for developed countries that have
ratified the Protocol. Although the Kyoto Protocol, which expires in 2012, has
not been ratified by the U.S., the U.S. continues to participate in global
climate summits that may lead to an agreement in the future.

We
actively pursue ways to improve the energy efficiency of our operations and
reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In 2009, we formed a multi-departmental task
force to focus our efforts on these topics. In addition, since 2006, we have
participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project, which is a voluntary initiative
that promotes standardized reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and reduction
efforts. From a medium and long-term perspective, we are likely to see an
increase in costs relating to our assets that emit significant amounts of
greenhouse gases as a result of regulatory initiatives in the U.S. and other
countries in which we operate. In addition, the cost of electricity that we
purchase from others may increase, if they incur increased costs from the
regulation of their greenhouse gas emissions. We cannot predict the magnitude of
any increased costs at this time, given the wide scope of potential regulatory
changes in the many countries in which we operate.

The
potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly
uncertain, and would be particular to the geographic circumstances. These may
include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels,
changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperatures. These
effects may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of
our operations.

Our
operating, inactive and historical U.S. mining sites and facilities may be
subject to future regulation of radioactive materials that are
commonly associated with, or result from, our mining operations.

A number
of federal and state agencies are considering new regulations to
characterize, regulate and remediate potential workplace exposures and
environmental impacts of radioactive materials commonly associated with mining
operations. For example, the EPA could promulgate rules to regulate
technologically enhanced naturally occurring radioactive materials (TENORM) and
their impacts at mining operations. In addition, several states are promulgating
groundwater quality compliance and remediation standards for radioactive
materials, including uranium. Radioactive materials can be associated with
copper mineral deposits, including both our current and discontinued operations.
Consequently, our copper operations may generate, concentrate or release
radioactive materials that may subject our operations to new and increased
regulation. The impact of such future regulation on our operating, closure,
reclamation, and remediation costs is uncertain.

 51

 Table of Contents

Our
Indonesia mining operations create difficult and costly environmental
challenges, and future changes in environmental laws, or unanticipated
environmental impacts from those operations, could require us to incur increased
costs.

Mining
operations on the scale of our operations in Papua involve significant
environmental risks and challenges. Our primary challenge is to dispose of the
large amount of crushed and ground rock material, called tailings, that results
from the process by which we physically separate the copper-, gold- and
silver-bearing materials from the ore that we mine. Our tailings management
plan, which has been approved by the Government of Indonesia, uses the river
system near our mine to transport the tailings to an engineered area in the
lowlands where the tailings and natural sediments are managed in a deposition
area. Lateral levees have been engineered and constructed to limit and help
contain the footprint of tailings impact in the lowlands.

Another
major environmental challenge is managing overburden, which is the rock that
must be moved aside in the mining process in order to reach the ore. In the
presence of air, water and naturally occurring bacteria, some overburden can
generate acid rock drainage, or acidic water containing dissolved metals which,
if not properly managed, can have a negative impact on the
environment.

Certain
Indonesian governmental officials have from time to time raised questions with
respect to our tailings and overburden management plans, including a suggestion
that we implement a pipeline system rather than our river transport system for
tailings management and disposition. Because our mining operations are remotely
located in steep mountainous terrain and in an active seismic area, a pipeline
system would be costly, difficult to construct and maintain, and more prone to
catastrophic failure, and could therefore involve significant potentially
adverse environmental issues. Based on our own studies and others conducted by
third parties, we do not believe that a pipeline system is necessary or
practical.

In
connection with obtaining our environmental approvals from the Indonesian
government, we committed to perform a one-time environmental risk assessment on
the impacts of our tailings management plan. We completed this extensive
environmental risk assessment with more than 90 scientific studies conducted
over four years and submitted it to the Indonesian government in December 2002.
We developed the risk assessment study using internationally recognized methods
with input from an independent review panel, which included representatives from
the Indonesian government, academia and non-governmental organizations. The
risks identified during this process were in line with our impact projections of
the tailings management program contained in our environmental approval
documents.

Since
2005, PT Freeport Indonesia has participated in the Government of Indonesia’s
PROPER (Program for Pollution Control, Evaluation and Rating) program. In
October 2009, the Indonesian Ministry of Environment announced the latest
results of its PROPER environmental management audit, and gave PT Freeport
Indonesia a Blue rating acknowledging PT Freeport Indonesia’s environmental
management practices as being in compliance with the laws and regulations in
Indonesia and also making several recommendations for improvement.

International
risks

Our
International operations are subject to political, social and geographic risks
of doing business in foreign countries.

We are a
global mining company with substantial assets located outside of the U.S. We
conduct international mining operations in Indonesia, Peru, Chile and the
Democratic Republic of Congo. Accordingly, our business may be adversely
affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in each of these
countries, in addition to the usual risks associated with conducting business in
foreign countries. Such risks include (1) renegotiation, cancellation or forced
modification of existing contracts, (2) expropriation or nationalization of
property, (3) changes in a foreign country’s laws, regulations and policies,
including those relating to labor, taxation, royalties, divestment, imports,
exports, trade regulations, currency and environmental matters, (4) political
instability, bribery, extortion, corruption, civil strife, acts of war, guerilla
activities, insurrection and terrorism, (5) foreign exchange controls, and (6)
the risk of having to submit to the jurisdiction of a foreign court or
arbitration panel or having to enforce the judgment of a foreign court or
arbitration panel against a sovereign nation within its own territory. Our
insurance does not cover most losses caused by these risks. Consequently, our
exploration, development and production activities outside of the U.S. could be
substantially affected by factors beyond our control, some of which could
materially adversely affect our financial position or results of
operations.

 52

 Table of Contents

In
December 2009, PT Freeport Indonesia was notified by the Large Taxpayer’s Office
of the Government of Indonesia that PT Freeport Indonesia is obligated to pay
value added taxes on certain goods imported after the year 2000. The amount of
taxes and penalties would be significant. PT Freeport Indonesia believes that
pursuant to the terms of its Contract of Work, it is only required to pay value
added taxes on these types of goods imported after December 30, 2009. PT
Freeport Indonesia is working cooperatively with the applicable government
authorities to resolve this matter.

In
December 2008, our Cerro Verde mining operation in Peru was notified by Peruvian
revenue authorities of their intent to assess mining royalties related to
minerals processed by the Cerro Verde concentrator. In August 2009, Cerro Verde
received a formal assessment in the amount of approximately $50 million in
connection with its alleged obligations for mining royalties and fines for the
period from October 2006 to December 2007. Cerro Verde is challenging this
assessment as it believes that royalty obligations with respect to all minerals
extracted are governed by its existing stability agreement, regardless of the
processing method applied after extraction, and believes that it owes no
royalties with respect to minerals processed through its concentrator. We are
working cooperatively with the Peruvian authorities to resolve this
matter.

Because
our Grasberg minerals district in Papua, Indonesia remains our most significant
operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by
Indonesian political, economic and social uncertainties.

Indonesia
has faced political, economic and social uncertainties, including separatist
movements and civil and religious strife in a number of provinces. In
particular, several separatist groups are opposing Indonesian rule over the
province of Papua, where our Grasberg minerals district is located, and have
sought political independence for the province. In response, Indonesia enacted
regional autonomy laws, which became effective January 1, 2001. The manner
in which the new laws are being implemented and the degree of political and
economic autonomy that they may bring to individual provinces, including Papua,
are uncertain and are ongoing issues in Indonesian politics. In Papua, there
have been sporadic attacks on civilians by separatists and sporadic but highly
publicized conflicts between separatists and the Indonesian military. Social,
economic and political instability in Papua could materially and adversely
affect us if it results in damage to our property or interruption of our
activities.

Maintaining
a good working relationship with the Indonesian government is important to us
because our mining operations there are among Indonesia’s most significant
business enterprises and are conducted pursuant to a Contract of Work with the
Indonesian government. Partially because of their significance to Indonesia’s
economy, the environmentally sensitive area in which they are located, and the
number of people employed, our operations are occasionally the subject of
criticism in the Indonesian press and in political debates, and have been the
target of protests and occasional violence.

Since
July 2009, there has been a series of shooting incidents along the road leading
to our mining and milling operations at our Grasberg mining complex (including
an incident in January 2010). In connection with these incidents, there have
been three fatalities (including one PT Freeport Indonesia employee, a security
contractor and an Indonesian policeman) and several injuries. The Indonesian
government has responded with additional security forces and has expressed a
strong commitment to protect the safety of the community and of our operations.
The investigation of these matters is continuing, and we have taken
precautionary measures, including limiting use of the road to secured convoys.
Our mining and milling activities have continued uninterrupted; however,
prolonged limitations on access to the road could adversely affect operations at
the mine. In response to these events, PT Freeport Indonesia is currently
reviewing security plans with the Indonesian authorities.

Grasberg
operated at reduced mining and milling rates during a four-day period from April
18, 2007 to April 21, 2007, as a result of peaceful protests by certain workers
regarding benefits. The protests ended on April 21 with an agreement on a
framework for minimum wages for its workers and Grasberg returned to normal
operations. The impacts to production were not significant. Illegal miners have
continued to operate along the river designated to transport the tailings from
the mill to the lowlands in PT Freeport Indonesia’s government-approved tailings
management area. The illegal miners who have trespassed from time to time in the
area of our facilities have clashed with police who have attempted to move them
away from our facilities. In 2006, the illegal miners temporarily blocked the
road leading to the Grasberg mine and mill in protest, and PT Freeport Indonesia
temporarily suspended mining and milling operations as a precautionary
measure.

 53

 Table of Contents

We cannot
predict whether additional incidents will occur that could disrupt our
Indonesian operations, or whether similar incidents may occur in other countries
that could affect our other operations. If additional protests or other
disruptive incidents occur at any of our facilities, they could adversely affect
our business and profitability in ways that we cannot predict at this
time.

We
do not expect to mine all of our Indonesian ore reserves before the initial term
of our Contract of Work in Indonesia expires.

All of
our Indonesian proven and probable ore reserves, including the Grasberg deposit,
are located in Block A. The initial term of our Contract of Work covering these
ore reserves expires at the end of 2021. We can extend this term for two
successive 10-year periods, subject to the approval of the Indonesian
government, which under our Contract of Work cannot be withheld or delayed
unreasonably. Our ore reserves reflect estimates of minerals that can be
recovered through the end of 2041 (i.e., through the expiration of the two
10-year extensions) and our current mine plan has been developed, and our
operations are based on the assumption that we will receive the two 10-year
extensions. As a result, we will not mine all of these ore reserves during the
current term of our Contract of Work, and there can be no assurance that the
Indonesian government will approve the extensions. Prior to the end of 2021, we
expect to mine approximately 33 percent of aggregate proven and probable
recoverable ore at December 31, 2009, representing approximately 39 percent
of PT Freeport Indonesia’s share of recoverable copper reserves and
approximately 52 percent of its share of recoverable gold
reserves.

In 2008,
Indonesia enacted a new mining law, which will operate under a licensing system
as opposed to the contract of work system that applies to PT Freeport Indonesia.
In 2010, the Government of Indonesia promulgated regulations under the 2008
mining law and certain provisions address existing contracts of
work.  The regulations provide that contracts of work will
continue to be honored until their expiration.
However, the regulations attempt to apply certain provisions of the
new law to any extension periods of contracts of work even though our Contract
of Work provides for two ten-year extension periods under the existing terms of
the Contract of Work. 

Our
Contracts of Work in Indonesia are subject to termination if we do not comply
with our contractual obligations, and if a dispute arises, we may have to submit
to the jurisdiction of a foreign court or arbitration panel.

PT
Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work and other Contracts of Work in which we
have an interest were entered into under Indonesia’s 1967 Foreign Capital
Investment Law, which provides guarantees of remittance rights and protection
against nationalization. Our Contracts of Work can be terminated by the
Government of Indonesia if we do not satisfy our contractual obligations, which
include the payment of royalties and taxes to the government and the
satisfaction of certain mining, environmental, safety and health
requirements.

Certain
forestry laws and designations as well as prevailing environmental laws and
regulations may conflict with or overlap with the mining rights established
under our Contract of Work. Although our Contract of Work grants to PT Freeport
Indonesia the unencumbered right to operate in accordance with the Contract of
Work, certain government agencies could seek to impose additional restrictions
on PT Freeport Indonesia that could affect exploration and operating
requirements.

At times,
certain government officials and others in Indonesia have questioned the
validity of contracts entered into by the Government of Indonesia prior to May
1998 (i.e., during the Suharto regime, which lasted over 30 years),
including PT Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work, which was signed in December
1991. We cannot assure you that the validity of, or our compliance with, the
Contracts of Work will not be challenged for political or other reasons. PT
Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work and our other Contracts of Work require
that disputes with the Indonesian government be submitted to international
arbitration. Consequently, if a dispute arises under the Contracts of Work, we
face the risk of having to submit to the jurisdiction of a foreign court or
arbitration panel, and if we prevail in such a dispute, we will face the
additional risk of having to enforce the judgment of a foreign court or
arbitration panel against Indonesia within its own territory.

Indonesian
government officials have periodically undertaken reviews regarding our
compliance with Indonesian environmental laws and regulations and the terms of
the Contracts of Work. In 2006, the Government of Indonesia created a joint team
for “Periodic Evaluation on Implementation of the PT-FI Contract of Work (COW)”
to conduct an evaluation every five years. The team consists of five working
groups, whose members are from relevant ministries or agencies, covering
production, state revenues, community development, environmental 

 54

 Table of Contents

issues
and security issues. We have conducted numerous meetings with these groups. The
joint team has indicated that it will issue a report. While we believe that we
comply with PT Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work in all material respects,
we cannot assure you that the report will support that conclusion. Separately,
the Indonesian House of Representatives created a working committee on PT
Freeport Indonesia. Members of this group have also visited our operations and
held a number of hearings in Jakarta. We will continue to work with these groups
to respond to their questions about our operations and our compliance with PT
Freeport Indonesia’s Contract of Work.

Any
suspension of required activities under our Contracts of Work requires the
consent of the Indonesian government.

Our
Contracts of Work permit us to suspend certain contractually required
activities, including exploration, for a period of one year by making a written
request to the Indonesian government. These requests are subject to the approval
of the Indonesian government and are renewable annually. If we do not request a
suspension or are denied a suspension, then we are required to continue our
activities under the Contract of Work or potentially be declared in default.
Moreover, if a suspension continues for more than one year for reasons other
than force majeure and the Indonesian government has not approved such
continuation, then the government would be entitled to declare a default under
the Contract of Work.

We
suspended our field exploration activities outside of Block A in recent years
because of safety and security issues and regulatory uncertainty relating to a
possible conflict between our mining and exploration rights in certain forest
areas and an Indonesian Forestry law enacted in 1999 prohibiting open-pit mining
in forest preservation areas. In 2001, we requested and received from the
Government of Indonesia, formal temporary suspensions of our obligations under
the Contracts of Work in all areas outside of Block A. Recent Indonesian
legislation permits open-pit mining in PT Freeport Indonesia’s Block B area,
subject to certain requirements. Following an assessment of these requirements
and a review of security issues, in 2007 we resumed exploration activities in
certain prospective Contract of Work areas outside of Block A.

Our
Tenke Fungurume mining operation is located in the Katanga province of the DRC,
and may be adversely affected by political, economic and social instability in
the DRC.

During
2009, we completed construction activities for the initial Tenke Fungurume
development project, which is located in the DRC. Since 1960, the DRC has
undergone outbreaks of violence, changes in national leadership and financial
crisis. These factors heighten the risk of abrupt changes in the national policy
towards foreign investors, which in turn could result in unilateral modification
of concessions or contracts, increased taxation, denial of permits or permit
renewals or expropriation of assets. Our ability to continue mining operations
and future development is currently subject to an ongoing review of our
mining convention which was part of a review of all mining contracts by the
Ministry of Mines (Ministry) in the DRC, the outcome of which cannot be
predicted. We received notification on February 20, 2008, that the Ministry
wishes to renegotiate several material provisions of our mining concessions. We
believe that the terms of the concessions are fair and that they were negotiated
transparently and are legally binding. However, we cannot predict whether the
Government of the DRC will respect our contract rights.

In July
2009, Tenke Fungurume was advised that the Minister of Justice in the DRC
authorized an inquiry regarding the alleged misappropriation of public funds in
connection with the securing of labor and immigration authorizations and the
payment of associated fees for the Tenke Fungurume project. Several government
officials and three Tenke Fungurume employees were arrested. In October 2009,
the three Tenke Fungurume employees were tried and acquitted. One government
official, the head of immigration in the Katanga province, was sentenced to five
years imprisonment on charges of embezzlement. The office of the Attorney
General of the DRC has filed a notice of appeal of the judgment, the
implications of which are not yet clear.

In July
2009, Tenke Fungurume entered into a settlement agreement with DRC tax
authorities in connection with an administrative audit regarding the payment of
fees for work permits and visas for its foreign workers and subcontractors,
including short-term workers. Pursuant to the agreement, which covers the period
from January 2007 to the date of the settlement, Tenke Fungurume paid
approximately $16 million in fees and penalties. The procedures associated with
obtaining labor and immigration authorizations for short-term workers on a
timely basis are not clearly established in the DRC, and Tenke Fungurume
continues to work proactively and cooperatively with the tax authorities to
establish approved procedures for doing so consistent with its mining convention
and local law.

 55

 Table of Contents

Other
political, economic and social risks that are generally outside of our control
and could adversely affect our business include:

 ·  

 political
 risks associated with the relatively recent establishment of the present
 government;

 ·  

 cancellation
 or renegotiation of mining contracts by the
 government;

 ·  

 legal
 and regulatory uncertainties, governmental corruption and
 bribery;

 ·  

 royalty
 and tax increases or claims by governmental entities, including
 retroactive claims;

 ·  

 security
 risks due to the remote location in the southern DRC and violence in the
 northeastern provinces of the DRC;

 ·  

 risk
 of loss of property due to expropriation or nationalization of property;
 and

 ·  

 risk
 of loss due to civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities,
 insurrection and terrorism.

Consequently,
our Tenke Fungurume mining operations and future development projects may be
substantially affected by factors beyond our control, any of which could
adversely affect our financial position or results of operations.

Terrorist
attacks and violence near our operations and throughout the world and the
potential for additional future terrorist acts and violence have created
economic and political uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect
our business.

On July
17, 2009, two suicide bombers set off explosions inside of the JW Marriott and
Ritz-Carlton hotels in Jakarta, Indonesia, that are reported to have killed nine
people and injured 53 others. Two of our Indonesian-based executives were
injured in the incident.

On July
8, 2009, a small group of individuals created a disturbance on the road leading
to our mining and milling operations at our Grasberg mining complex and
vandalized vehicles and small buildings. There were no injuries. For more
information about a series of shooting incidents near our Grasberg mining
complex, see the risk factor “Because our Grasberg minerals district in Papua,
Indonesia remains our most significant operating asset, our business may
continue to be adversely affected by Indonesian political, economic and social
uncertainties” above.

On August
31, 2002, three people were killed and 11 others were wounded in an ambush by a
group of unidentified assailants on the road near Tembagapura, the mining town
where the majority of PT Freeport Indonesia’s personnel reside. The assailants
shot at several vehicles transporting international contract teachers from our
school in Tembagapura, their family members and other contractors to PT Freeport
Indonesia. The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) investigated the
incident, which resulted in the U.S. indictment of an alleged operational
commander of the Free Papua Movement/National Freedom Force. In January 2006,
Indonesian police, accompanied by FBI agents, arrested the alleged operational
commander and 11 other Papuans. In November 2006, verdicts and sentencing were
announced for seven of those accused in the August 2002 shooting, including a
life sentence for the confessed leader of the attack.

On
October 12, 2002, a bombing killed 202 people in the Indonesian province of
Bali, which is 1,500 miles west of our mining and milling operations. Indonesian
authorities arrested 35 people in connection with this bombing and 29 of those
arrested have been tried and convicted. On August 5, 2003, 12 people were
killed and over 100 were injured by a car bomb detonated outside of the JW
Marriott Hotel in Jakarta, Indonesia. On September 9, 2004, 11 people were
killed and over 200 injured by a car bomb detonated in front of the Australian
embassy in Jakarta. On October 1, 2005, three suicide bombers killed 19
people and wounded over 100 in Bali. The same international terrorist
organizations are suspected in each of these incidents. In November 2005,
Indonesian police raided a house in East Java that resulted in the death of
other accused terrorists linked to the bombings discussed above. Our mining and
milling operations were not interrupted by these incidents, but PT Freeport
Indonesia’s corporate office in Jakarta had to relocate for several months
following the bombing in front of the Australian embassy. In addition to the
Bali, JW Marriott Hotel and Australian embassy bombings, there have been
anti-American demonstrations in certain sections of Indonesia reportedly led by
radical Islamic activists.

 56

 Table of Contents

No
assurance can be given that additional terrorist incidents and acts of violence
will not occur. If there were to be additional violence, it could materially and
adversely affect our business in ways that we cannot predict at this
time.

Other
risks

If
market prices for our commodities decline, the carrying values of inventories
and long-lived assets may be further impaired, which could require charges to
operating income that could be material.

During
fourth-quarter 2008, we concluded that the then-current economic environment and
significant declines in copper and molybdenum prices represented significant
adverse changes in our business requiring us to evaluate our long-lived assets
and goodwill for impairment.  As a result, we recorded impairment
charges totaling $16.9 billion ($12.6 billion to net loss attributable to FCX
common stockholders). Additionally, the declines in copper and molybdenum prices
in late 2008 resulted in lower of cost or market (LCM) inventory charges
totaling $782 million ($479 million to net loss attributable to FCX common
stockholders) in 2008. Additional LCM charges associated with molybdenum
inventories totaling $19 million ($15 million to net income attributable to FCX
common stockholders) were recorded in first-quarter 2009. Declines in the market
price of copper, among other factors, may cause us to record additional LCM
inventory adjustments and may also require us to further write down the carrying
value of long-lived assets, which would potentially have a material adverse
impact on our results of operations and stockholders' equity, but would have no
effect on cash flows.

Unanticipated
litigation or negative developments in pending litigation could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition.

We are a
party to the litigation described in our SEC filings and a number of other
litigation matters, including asbestos exposure cases, disputes over the
allocation of environmental remediation obligations at Superfund and other
sites, disputes over water rights and disputes with regulatory authorities. The
outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain and adverse developments or
outcomes can result in significant monetary damages, penalties or injunctive
relief against us, limitations on our property rights, or regulatory
interpretations that increase our operating costs. If any of these disputes
results in a substantial monetary judgment against us or an adverse legal
interpretation, is settled on unfavorable terms, or otherwise affects our
operations, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and
financial condition.

We
depend on our senior management team and other key employees, and the loss of
any of these employees could adversely affect our business.

Our
success depends in part on our ability to attract, retain and motivate senior
management and other key employees. Achieving this objective may be difficult
due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry
conditions, competitors’ hiring practices, cost reduction activities, and the
effectiveness of our compensation programs. Competition for qualified personnel
can be very intense. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate senior
management and other key employees sufficient to maintain our current business
and support our future projects. A loss of such personnel could prevent us from
capitalizing on business opportunities, and our operating results could be
adversely affected.

Our holding company structure may
impact your ability to receive dividends.

We are a
holding company with no material assets other than the capital stock of our
subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to repay our indebtedness and pay
dividends is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and
their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, loan, debt
repayment or otherwise. Our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to make
funds available to us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. Dividends from
subsidiaries that are not wholly owned are shared with other equity owners. In
addition, cash at our international operations is subject to foreign withholding
taxes upon repatriation into the U.S.

In
addition, our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make
distributions to enable us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. Each of
our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances,
legal and contractual restrictions, as well as the financial condition and
operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash
from our subsidiaries. Our rights to participate in any distribution of our
subsidiaries’ assets upon their liquidation, reorganization or insolvency would
generally be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiaries’ creditors,
including any trade creditors and preferred stockholders.

 57

 Table of Contents

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may make an acquisition of
us more difficult.

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law may make an acquisition of
us more difficult. These provisions:

 ·  

 authorize
 our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder
 approval and to designate the rights, preferences and privileges of each
 class; if issued, such preferred stock would increase the number of
 outstanding shares of our capital stock and could include terms that may
 deter an acquisition of us;

 ·  

 establish
 advance notice requirements for nominations to the board of directors or
 for proposals that can be acted on at stockholder
 meetings;

 ·  

 limit
 who may call stockholder meetings;
and

 ·  

 require
 the approval of the holders of two thirds of our outstanding common stock
 to enter into certain business combination transactions, subject to
 certain exceptions, including if the consideration to be received by our
 common stockholders in the transaction is deemed to be a fair
 price.

These
provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our
common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price
of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. These
provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for
stockholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our board
of directors.

In
addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the
provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may
prohibit large stockholders from consummating a merger with, or acquisition of,
us.

These
provisions may deter an acquisition of us that might otherwise be attractive to
stockholders.