The following are certain risks that could affect the Company’s business and its results of operations. The risks
identified below are not all encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of the Company’s future operations. 

Acquisitions and integrating such acquisitions create certain risks and may affect operating results. 

The Company has been, and expects to continue to be, an active business
acquirer both in the U.S. and internationally. The acquisition and integration of businesses involves a number of risks. The core risks are in the areas of valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited diligence)
and integration (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company’s people, products, technology and other assets so as to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in
connection with the acquisition). In addition, international acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example: 

•

managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

•

integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

•

complying with foreign regulatory requirements; 

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; 

•

difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and 

•

general economic and political conditions. 

The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of the combined Company’s
businesses and the possible loss of key personnel. The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with acquisitions and the integration of the two companies’ operations could have an
adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the Company. 

The ability to adopt technology to changing industry and customer needs or trends. 

Changes in technology may limit the competitiveness of and demand for the Company’s services. The Company’s businesses operate in industries
that are subject to technological advancements, developing industry standards and changing customer needs and preferences. Also, the Company’s customers continue to adopt new technology for business and personal uses. The Company must
anticipate and respond to these industry and customer changes in order to remain competitive within its relative markets. 

The ability to adopt technological advancements surrounding POS technology available to merchants could have an impact on the Company’s Merchant
Services business. Likewise, within the Payment Services segment, the Company will need to adapt to new competitors as well as new types of technology-based money transfer services such as web, land and mobile phone based money transfer services,
prepaid, stored-value and other card-based money transfer products. The Company’s inability to respond to new competitors and technological advancements could impact the Company’s Payment Services business. 

The spin-off of Western Union could adversely impact the Company. 

The Company’s Payment Services segment (primarily the Western Union,
Orlandi Valuta and Vigo money transfer businesses) provides the Company with many benefits, the absence of which could have an adverse 

22 

impact on its results of operations and financial position. Risks associated with the Company’s decision to separate the money transfer business into an
independent publicly traded company may include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

The separation may have an effect on the resulting Company’s debt rating depending on the resulting capital structure. 

•

Absence of Western Union’s cash flows could subject the Company to various restrictions with external lenders. 

•

The division of the current Company’s Board of Directors and key employees may create a knowledge and skill gap. 

•

The potential migration of investors to one company or the other may affect the resulting companies’ stock prices. 

•

The spin-off is subject to certain conditions, including regulatory approvals, the receipt of a favorable tax ruling from the Internal Revenue Service and final approval by
FDC’s Board of Directors. If the spin-off does not qualify as a tax free transaction, tax could be imposed on both the Company and its shareholders. 

•

Subsequent to the spin-off the two independent companies could become competitors in meeting existing or new consumer needs. 

•

Certain costs will no longer be leveraged with Western Union’s profitability and therefore could reduce margins. 

Current or future card association rules and practices could adversely affect the
Company’s business, transaction volumes, operating results and financial condition. 

Current Visa and MasterCard operating rules prohibit the coexistence of competing national marks on their credit and branded debit cards. If Visa or MasterCard were to determine that STAR is a competing national
network and trade name, they could attempt to prohibit their members from issuing STAR-branded cards and/or prohibit the coexistence of the STAR trade name with the Visa and/or MasterCard marks on debit and credit cards. If this occurred, the
Company cannot predict whether, when forced to choose between STAR and other brands, issuing banks would favor STAR over Visa or MasterCard. Further, the Company could lose access to the Visa or MasterCard network and cardholders, which could
adversely affect elements of the business, such as ATM transactions, personal identification number (“PIN”) secured and signature debit transactions, credit card transactions, operating results and financial condition. Card issuers who
participate in both STAR and Visa or MasterCard networks also may provide incentives for cardholders to use Visa or MasterCard signature-based systems instead of the STAR PIN-based system. Such incentives may adversely affect the business, operating
results and financial condition. 

Changes in card association and debit
network fees or products could increase costs or otherwise limit the Company’s operations. 

From time to time, card associations and debit networks increase the organization and/or processing fees (known as interchange fees) that they charge. It
is possible that competitive pressures will result in the Company absorbing a portion of such increases in the future, which would increase its operating costs, reduce its profit margin and adversely affect its business, operating results and
financial condition. Furthermore, the rules and regulations of the various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. Any increase in the capital level required would further limit the Company’s use of capital for
other purposes. 

Maintaining the Western Union agent base. 

Maintenance of the Western Union agent base is key to the Company’s
continued growth and expansion in the consumer-to-consumer money transfer business. Most of Western Union’s revenue is derived through its 

23 

global agent network. Existing agents grow due to increasing demand and many new agents provide Western Union with additional revenue from new markets.
Maintaining a strong agent network is critical to success in the money transfer business. Increased agent attrition rates, fewer agents added or a combination of the two would negatively impact the current revenue and profit growth rates. Attrition
may occur due to a competitor signing a Western Union agent to a contract, dissatisfaction of the relationship or reduced cost benefits. In addition, agents may become less productive due to competitors being geographically close to the
Company’s agent locations. 

First Data is the subject of various legal
proceedings. 

First Data is involved in various litigation
matters. The Company is also involved in or is the subject of governmental or regulatory agency inquiries or investigations from time to time. For more information about First Data’s legal proceedings, see Item 3. 

The business may be adversely affected by risks associated with foreign operations.

The Company is subject to risks related to the changes in
currency rates as a result of its investments in foreign operations and from revenues generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company utilizes foreign currency options, forward exchange contracts and currency swaps, which qualify as
cash flow hedges to mitigate the cash flow or market value risks associated with foreign currency denominated transactions. However, these hedge contracts may not eliminate all of the risks related to foreign currency translation. 

The Company’s money transfer business is in part reliant on immigration
patterns, which bring workers into countries with greater economic opportunities than they have in their native countries. Changes in immigration laws, economic development patterns that discourage international immigration, and political or other
changes (such as war or health emergencies) that would make it more difficult for workers to immigrate could all have an adverse affect on the Company’s business. 

Increase in interest rates may negatively impact the Company’s operating results and financial condition. 

The Company may be impacted by interest rates most significantly in the
following three ways: 

•

Interest expense is incurred on the Company’s $5.4 billion in borrowings and its related interest rate swaps. The effect of the swaps on much of the fixed rate debt requires
the Company to pay interest based on variable rates. 

•

Interest income is earned on the Company’s $17.0 billion in settlement assets and related interest rate swaps. The effect of the swaps on a small portion of the fixed rate
investments results in the Company receiving interest based on variable rates. 

•

Commissions paid to official check agents are based on short-term variable interest rates on the balance of outstanding official checks and related interest rate swaps. The effect
of the swaps on the hedged portion of the commission liability requires the Company to pay interest based on fixed rates. 

An increase in interest rates would have a negative impact on the Company’s results of operations by causing an increase in interest expense and
commission expense (the commission expense exposure is only partially hedged so an increase in interest rates would have a negative impact on the unhedged portion). The impact on interest income would not offset the potential negative impact of the
interest and commission expense. 

Future consolidation of client financial
institutions or other client groups may adversely affect the financial condition of the Company. 

The Company has experienced the negative impact of the bank industry consolidation in recent years. Bank industry consolidation impacts existing and
potential clients in FDC’s service areas, primarily in Card Issuing Services and Merchant Services. The Company’s alliance strategy could be negatively impacted as a result of 

24 

consolidations, especially where the banks involved are committed to their internal merchant processing businesses that compete with the Company. Bank
consolidation has led to an increasingly concentrated client base in the industry, resulting in a changing client mix for Card Issuing Services as well as increased price compression. Further consolidation in the bank industry or other client base
could have a negative impact on the Company. 

Unfavorable resolution of tax
contingencies could adversely affect the Company’s tax expense. 

The Company has tax contingencies that are subject to review by the taxing authorities. An unfavorable ruling by the taxing authorities regarding these contingencies could negatively impact the Company’s results
of operations. The most significant of these relates to certain tax aspects of a 2003 legal restructuring of Western Union’s international operations. The Company initiated discussions with the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”)
pursuant to the IRS’s Advance Pricing Agreement (“APA”) Program related to this legal restructuring. If an APA is successfully negotiated, the Company generally will avoid further examination, during the term of the APA, of the
transfer pricing methods applicable to, and valuations of, the covered transactions. The Company continues to negotiate with the IRS in the APA process, and while it is hopeful of reaching resolution through the process, there can be no assurances
that the APA negotiations will be resolved in a manner acceptable to the Company. If not so resolved, the matter would then likely proceed to other forums within the IRS. Any differences from the Company’s positions as recorded in its financial
statements upon resolution of these issues will be reflected as a part of the income tax expense in the period during which the resolution occurs. 

Changes in laws, regulations and enforcement activities affecting the products, services and markets in which the Company operates. 

Various aspects of the Company’s service areas are subject to U.S.
federal, state and local regulation, as well as regulation outside the United States. Failure to comply with regulations may result in the suspension or revocation of license or registration, the limitation, suspension or termination of service,
and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines which could have an adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company. As described in Item 1, the Company is subject to U.S. and international banking regulations, a
myriad of consumer protection laws, money transfer and payment instrument licensing regulation (including laws intended to prevent and detect money laundering and other illicit activities), escheat regulations and privacy and information security
regulations to name only a few. Changes to legal rules and regulations, or interpretation or enforcement thereof, could have a negative financial effect on the Company. In addition, even inadvertent failure of the Company to comply with laws and
regulations, as well as rapidly evolving social expectations of corporate fairness, could damage the Company’s reputation or brands. 

The Company’s services are dependent on the protection of intellectual property rights and defending itself from potential patent infringement claims.

The Company’s trademarks, patents and other
intellectual property are important to its future success. The Western Union trademark and the STAR trade name are intellectual property rights which are individually material to the Company. The Western Union trademark and STAR trade name are
widely recognized and are associated with quality and reliable service. Loss of the proprietary use of the Western Union trademark or the STAR trade name or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with these names could harm the
Company’s growth in the money transfer or debit network business. 

The Company also relies on proprietary technology. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar technology. Assurance of protecting its trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information can not be
guaranteed. The Company’s patents could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others and may not be of sufficient scope or strength to provide the Company with any meaningful protection or advantage. If the Company were unable to
maintain the proprietary nature of its technologies, the Company could lose competitive advantages and be materially adversely affected. 

25 

The laws of certain foreign countries in which the Company does business or contemplates doing business
in the future do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Adverse determinations in judicial or administrative proceedings could prevent the Company from selling its services
or prevent the Company from preventing others from selling competing services, and thereby have a material adverse affect on the business and results of operations. Additionally, claims have been made and other claims can be made with regards to the
Company’s technology infringing on a patent. Unfavorable resolution of these claims could either result in the Company being restricted from delivering the related service or result in a settlement that could be material to the Company.

Material breaches in security of the Company’s systems may have a
significant effect on the Company’s business. 

The
uninterrupted operation of the Company’s information systems and the confidentiality of the customer/consumer information that resides on such systems are critical to the successful operations of the Company’s business. The Company has
security, backup and recovery systems in place, as well as a business continuity plan to ensure the system will not be inoperable. The Company also has what it deems sufficient security around the system to prevent unauthorized access to the system.
An information breach in the system and loss of confidential information such as credit card numbers and related information could have a longer and more significant impact on the business operations than a hardware failure. The loss of confidential
information could result in losing the customers’ confidence and thus the loss of their business. 

Recruiting, development and succession planning. 

All of the Company’s businesses function at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory developments that requires a wide ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital.
For the Company to successfully compete and grow, it must retain, recruit and develop the necessary personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of its intellectual capital needs. In addition, the Company must develop
its personnel to provide succession plans capable of maintaining continuity in the midst of the inevitable unpredictability of human capital.