The following are certain risks that could affect the Company’s business and its results of operations. The risks
identified below are not all encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of the Company’s future operations. 

Acquisitions and integrating such acquisitions create certain risks and may affect operating results. 

The Company has been, and expects to continue to be, an active business
acquirer both in the U.S. and internationally. The acquisition and integration of businesses involves a number of risks. The core risks are in the areas of valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited diligence)
and integration (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company’s people, products, technology and other assets so as to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in
connection with the acquisition). In addition, international acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example: 

•

 managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

•

 integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

•

 complying with foreign regulatory requirements; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; 

•

 difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and

•

 general economic and political conditions. 

The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of the combined Company’s
businesses and the possible loss of key personnel. The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with acquisitions and the integration of the two companies’ operations could have an
adverse effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the Company. 

The ability to adopt technology to changing industry and customer needs or trends. 

Changes in technology may limit the competitiveness of and demand for the Company’s services. The Company’s businesses operate in industries
that are subject to technological advancements, developing industry standards and changing customer needs and preferences. Also, the Company’s customers continue to adopt new technology for business and personal uses. The Company must
anticipate and respond to these industry and customer changes in order to remain competitive within its relative markets. 

The ability to adopt technological advancements surrounding POS technology available to merchants could have an impact on the Company’s International
and Commercial Services business. The Company’s inability to respond to new competitors and technological advancements could impact all of the Company’s businesses. 

Current or future card association rules and practices could adversely affect the Company’s business, transaction volumes, operating
results and financial condition. 

Current Visa and
MasterCard operating rules prohibit the coexistence of competing national marks on their credit and branded debit cards. If Visa or MasterCard were to determine that STAR is a competing national network and trade name, they could attempt to prohibit
their members from issuing STAR-branded cards and/or prohibit the coexistence of the STAR trade name with the Visa and/or MasterCard marks on debit and credit 

20 

cards. If this occurred, the Company cannot predict whether, when forced to choose between STAR and other brands, issuing banks would favor STAR over Visa or
MasterCard. Further, the Company could lose access to the Visa or MasterCard network and cardholders, which could adversely affect elements of the business, such as ATM transactions, personal identification number (“PIN”) secured and
signature debit transactions, credit card transactions, operating results and financial condition. Card issuers who participate in both STAR and Visa or MasterCard networks also may provide incentives for cardholders to use Visa or MasterCard
signature-based systems instead of the STAR PIN-based system. Such incentives may adversely affect the business, operating results and financial condition. 

Changes in card association and debit network fees or products could increase costs or otherwise limit the Company’s operations. 

From time to time, card associations and debit networks increase the
organization and/or processing fees (known as interchange fees) that they charge. It is possible that competitive pressures will result in the Company absorbing a portion of such increases in the future, which would increase its operating costs,
reduce its profit margin and adversely affect its business, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, the rules and regulations of the various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. Any increase in the
capital level required would further limit the Company’s use of capital for other purposes. 

First Data is the subject of various legal proceedings. 

First Data is involved in various litigation matters. The Company is also involved in or is the subject of governmental or regulatory agency inquiries or
investigations from time to time. For more information about First Data’s legal proceedings, see Item 3. 

The business may be adversely affected by risks associated with foreign operations. 

The Company is subject to risks related to the changes in currency rates as a result of its investments in foreign
operations and from revenues generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. From time to time, the Company utilizes foreign currency forward contracts or other derivative instruments to mitigate the cash flow or market value risks associated
with foreign currency denominated transactions. However, these hedge contracts may not eliminate all of the risks related to foreign currency translation. 

Increase in interest rates may negatively impact the Company’s operating results and financial condition. 

The Company may be impacted by interest rates most significantly in the
following three ways: 

•

 Interest expense is incurred on the Company’s $2.5 billion in borrowings and its related interest rate swaps. The effect of the swaps on much of the fixed rate
debt requires the Company to pay interest based on variable rates. 

•

 Interest income is earned on the Company’s $19.1 billion in settlement assets and related interest rate swaps. The effect of the swaps on the fixed rate
investments results in the Company receiving interest based on variable rates. 

•

 Commissions paid to official check agents are based on short-term variable interest rates on the balance of outstanding official checks.

An increase in interest rates would have a
negative impact on the Company’s results of operations by causing an increase in interest expense and commission expense. The impact on interest income would not offset the potential negative impact of the interest and commission expense.

21 

Future consolidation of client financial institutions or other client groups may adversely affect the financial
condition of the Company. 

The Company has experienced the
negative impact of the bank industry consolidation in recent years. Bank industry consolidation impacts existing and potential clients in FDC’s service areas, primarily in Financial Institution Services and Commercial Services. The
Company’s alliance strategy could be negatively impacted as a result of consolidations, especially where the banks involved are committed to their internal merchant processing businesses that compete with the Company. Bank consolidation has led
to an increasingly concentrated client base in the industry, resulting in a changing client mix for Financial Institution Services as well as increased price compression. Further consolidation in the bank industry or other client base could have a
negative impact on the Company. 

Unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies
could adversely affect the Company’s tax expense. 

The Company has established contingency reserves for material tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. These reserves reflect what the
Company believes to be reasonable assumptions as to the likely final resolution of each issue if raised by a taxing authority. While the Company believes that the reserves are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there can be no
assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be finally resolved at a financial cost not in excess of any related reserve. An unfavorable resolution, therefore, could negatively impact the Company’s results of
operations. 

Changes in laws, regulations and enforcement activities
affecting the products, services and markets in which the Company operates. 

Various aspects of the Company’s service areas are subject to U.S. federal, state and local regulation, as well as regulation outside the United States. Failure to comply with regulations may result in the
suspension or revocation of license or registration, the limitation, suspension or termination of service, and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines which could have an adverse effect on the financial condition of the
Company. As described in Item 1, the Company is subject to U.S. and international financial services regulations, a myriad of consumer protection laws, escheat regulations and privacy and information security regulations to name only a few.
Changes to legal rules and regulations, or interpretation or enforcement thereof, could have a negative financial effect on the Company. In addition, even inadvertent failure of the Company to comply with laws and regulations, as well as rapidly
evolving social expectations of corporate fairness, could damage the Company’s reputation or brands. 

The Company’s services are dependent on the protection of intellectual property rights and defending itself from potential patent infringement claims. 

The Company’s trademarks, patents and other intellectual property are
important to its future success. The STAR trade name is an intellectual property right which is individually material to the Company. The STAR trade name is widely recognized and is associated with quality and reliable service. Loss of the
proprietary use of the STAR trade name or a diminution in the perceived quality associated with this name could harm the Company’s growth in the debit network business. 

The Company also relies on proprietary technology. It is possible that others will independently develop the same or similar
technology. Assurance of protecting its trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information cannot be guaranteed. The Company’s patents could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others and may not be of sufficient scope or
strength to provide the Company with any meaningful protection or advantage. If the Company were unable to maintain the proprietary nature of its technologies, the Company could lose competitive advantages and be materially adversely affected.

The laws of certain foreign countries in which the Company
does business or contemplates doing business in the future do not recognize intellectual property rights or protect them to the same extent as do the laws of the 

22 

United States. Adverse determinations in judicial or administrative proceedings could prevent the Company from selling its services or prevent the Company
from preventing others from selling competing services, and thereby have a material adverse affect on the business and results of operations. Additionally, claims have been made and other claims can be made with regards to the Company’s
technology infringing on a patent. Unfavorable resolution of these claims could either result in the Company being restricted from delivering the related service or result in a settlement that could be material to the Company. 

Material breaches in security of the Company’s systems may have a significant effect
on the Company’s business. 

The uninterrupted
operation of the Company’s information systems and the confidentiality of the customer/consumer information that resides on such systems are critical to the successful operations of the Company’s business. The Company has security, backup
and recovery systems in place, as well as a business continuity plan to ensure the system will not be inoperable. The Company also has what it deems sufficient security around the system to prevent unauthorized access to the system. An information
breach in the system and loss of confidential information such as credit card numbers and related information could have a longer and more significant impact on the business operations than a hardware failure. The loss of confidential information
could result in losing the customers’ confidence and thus the loss of their business. 

Recruiting, development and succession planning. 

All of the Company’s businesses function at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory developments that requires a wide ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital.
For the Company to successfully compete and grow, it must retain, recruit and develop the necessary personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of its intellectual capital needs. In addition, the Company must develop
its personnel to provide succession plans capable of maintaining continuity in the midst of the inevitable unpredictability of human capital.