The risks described below
could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also may be adversely affected by risks not currently known or risks that we do not currently consider to be material. 

General economic conditions could adversely impact consumer spending which would affect our results of operations. 

A general slowdown in the U.S. economy or other economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, such as employment levels, inflation, business
conditions, fuel and energy costs, consumer debt levels, interest rates, and tax rates, may adversely affect our business by reducing overall consumer spending or by causing customers to shift their spending to products other than those sold by us
or to products sold by us that are less profitable than other product choices, all of which could result in lower net sales, decreases in inventory turnover or a reduction in profitability due to lower margins. 

Economic conditions, including inflation and energy prices, could affect our profitability. 

Increases in our cost of goods and services, including changes resulting from inflationary pressures, may reduce our sales or profitability. Our
ability to pass on incremental pricing changes may be limited due to operational or competitive factors. Increases in prices and other operating costs, including changes in energy prices, wage rates, lease and utility costs may increase our
costs of goods or operating expenses and reduce our profitability. 

Competitive factors in the retail industry could limit our growth opportunities and
reduce our profitability. 

We operate in the highly competitive discount retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors, some of
whom may have greater resources than the company. We compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations and employees. This competitive environment subjects us to various risks, including the ability to continue our store and sales
growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. Consolidation in this retail sector, changes in pricing of merchandise or offerings of other services by
competitors could have a negative impact on the relative attractiveness of our stores to consumers. Our ability to provide convenience in a small box retail format while offering attractive, competitively-priced products could be impacted by various
actions of our competitors that are beyond our control. See Item 1—“Competition” for further discussion of our competitive position. Such competition may adversely affect our results of operation. 

Our growth is dependent upon our ability to increase sales in existing stores and the success of our new store opening program. 

Our growth is dependent on both increases in sales in existing stores and our ability to open profitable new stores. Increases in sales in existing
stores are dependent on factors such as competition, merchandise selection, store operations and other factors discussed in these Risk Factors. Unavailability of attractive store locations, delays in the acquisition or opening of new stores, delays
or costs associated with remodeling existing stores, difficulties in staffing and operating new store locations, and lack of customer acceptance of stores in new market areas all may negatively impact our new store growth and the costs or the
profitability associated with new or remodeled stores. 

We depend heavily on technology systems that support all aspects of our operations; the failure
of existing or new technology to provide anticipated benefits could adversely affect our anticipated results of operations. 

Our
merchandising, finance, human resources, distribution and logistics and store operations functions depend heavily upon technological resources. Any failure in these systems could negatively impact our operations. In addition, we are continuously
upgrading our current technology or installing new technology. Our 

8 

Table of Contents

inability to implement in a timely manner such upgrades or installations, to effectively train employees in the use of such technology, or to obtain the
anticipated benefits of such technology, including technology associated with “Project Accelerate” or the new store POS systems, could adversely impact our operations or profitability. Any failure to maintain the confidentiality of
information maintained on our computer systems could result in additional costs and damage our reputation. 

Unusual weather, natural disasters, pandemic
outbreaks, political events, war, or acts of terrorism could adversely affect our sales and operations. 

Extreme changes in weather
patterns or other natural disasters, pandemic outbreaks, political instability, war, or acts of terrorism could influence customer trends and purchases and may negatively impact our net sales, properties and/or operations. Such events could
result in physical damage to one or more of our properties; the temporary closure of some or all of our stores or distribution centers; the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market; temporary or long-term disruption in the transport of
goods; delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers or stores; disruption of our technology support or information systems; or dramatic increases in fuel prices which increase the cost of doing business. Any of these factors could
adversely affect our operations. 

Any inability to select, obtain and market merchandise attractive to customers at prices that allow us to profitably
sell such merchandise could negatively impact our business. 

We have generally been able to select and obtain sufficient quantities of
attractive merchandise at prices that allow us to profitably sell such merchandise. If we are unable to continue to select products that are attractive to our customers, to obtain such products at costs that allow us to sell such products at a
profit, or to effectively market such products to consumers, our sales or profitability could be adversely affected. 

Any disruption in the
supply or increase in pricing of such merchandise could negatively impact our operations and results of operations. A significant amount of our merchandise is imported, and changes to the flow of these goods for any reason could have an adverse
impact on our operations. Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located; the financial instability of suppliers; labor problems experienced by our suppliers; the availability of raw materials to
suppliers; merchandise quality issues; currency exchange rates; transport availability and cost; inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, we are currently
implementing new global sourcing programs and vendor requirements which could negatively impact our ability to find qualified suppliers or their ability to provide merchandise at attractive prices. These and other factors affecting our
suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Operational difficulties could disrupt our business.

Our stores are decentralized and are managed through a network of geographically dispersed management personnel. Our inability to
effectively and efficiently operate our stores, including the ability to control losses resulting from inventory shrinkage, may negatively impact our sales or profitability. In addition, we rely upon our distribution and logistics network to
provide goods to stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Any disruption, unanticipated expense or operational failure related to this process could negatively impact our store operations.

Our ability to develop and operate planned distribution facilities in a timely manner and the costs associated with development and/or operation of distribution
facilities could adversely impact our business. 

We maintain a network of distribution facilities in our geographic territory and build
new facilities to support our growth objectives. Delays in opening distribution facilities or stores could adversely affect our future operations by slowing unit growth, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. Adverse changes in the cost
to 

9 

Table of Contents

operate distribution facilities and stores, such as changes in labor, utility and other operating costs, could have an adverse impact on our financial
performance. Adverse changes in inventory shrinkage at the store-level or in distribution facilities could also negatively impact our results. 

Changes in state or federal legislation or regulations, including the effects of legislation and regulations on wage levels and entitlement programs, and changes in currency exchange rates, trade restrictions, tariffs, quotas and freight
rates could increase our cost of doing business. 

Changes in federal or state wage requirements or in entitlement programs such as
health insurance or other changes in workplace regulation could adversely impact our ability to achieve our financial targets. Because a substantial amount of our imported merchandise comes from China, a change in the Chinese currency or other
policies could negatively impact our merchandise costs. Changes in trade restrictions, new tariffs and quotas, and higher shipping costs for goods could also adversely impact our ability to achieve anticipated operating results. 

Changes in interpretations or applications of accounting principles and/or developments in legal or regulatory guidance could adversely affect our financial
performance. 

Unanticipated changes in the interpretation or application of accounting principles to our financial statements could
result in material charges and/or restatements of our financial statements, which may further result in litigation and/or regulatory actions which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. Changes and developments in legal or regulatory guidance may negatively impact our position in related litigation matters. 

Higher
costs and/or failure to achieve targeted results associated with the implementation of new programs or initiatives could adversely affect our results of operations. 

We are undertaking a variety of operating initiatives and infrastructure initiatives related to merchandising and supply chain systems, cooler installations and related food programs, Urban Initiative programs, and
real estate expansion goals. The failure to properly execute any of these initiatives or the failure to obtain the anticipated results of such initiatives could have an adverse impact on our future operating results. 

Adverse impacts associated with legal proceedings and claims could negatively affect our business. 

We are a party to a variety of legal proceedings and claims, including those described in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements,
Item 3—“Legal Proceedings” and elsewhere in this Report. Our operating results could be adversely impacted if such legal proceedings and claims result in an obligation to make material damage or settlement payments which are
not insured or which have not been reserved against, or changes to the operation of our business. 

Our ability to attract and retain employees could
affect our business. 

Our growth could be adversely impacted by our inability to attract and retain employees at the store operations
level, in distribution facilities, and at the corporate level, including our senior management team, at costs which allow us to profitability conduct our operations. Various factors, such as overall labor availability, wage rates, union organizing
activity, regulatory or legislative impacts and various benefit costs could all negatively impact our ability to attract and retain employees and may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our business is slightly seasonal and adverse events during the holiday season could negatively impact our operating results. 

Our business is slightly seasonal, with the highest percentage of sales occurring during the second fiscal quarter (December, January, February). We
purchase significant amounts of seasonal inventory in anticipation of the holiday season. Adverse events resulting in lower than planned sales during the holiday season could lead to unanticipated markdowns, negatively impacting our financial
condition and results of operations. 

10 

Table of Contents

Our failure to comply with our debt covenants could adversely affect our capital resources, financial condition and
liquidity. 

Our debt agreements contain certain restrictive covenants, which include a consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization
ratio, a fixed charge coverage ratio and a priority debt ratio. If we fail to comply with such covenants as a result of one or more of the factors listed in this section, we may be forced to settle our outstanding debt obligations, negatively
impacting cash flows. Our ability to obtain future financing may also be negatively impacted. 

Return to shareholders is affected by general
economic and investment conditions and expectations regarding our financial performance. 

Shareholder return resulting from increases in
our stock price is dependent upon and affected by the overall equity markets and perceptions regarding our anticipated performance and overall performance of retail companies in general.