The risks described below
could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also may be adversely affected by risks not currently known or risks that we do not currently consider to be material. 

General economic conditions could adversely impact our business in various respects. 

A further slowdown in the U.S. economy or other economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, such as employment levels, inflation, business conditions, fuel and energy costs, consumer debt levels, lack of
available credit, interest rates, and tax rates, may adversely affect our business by reducing overall consumer spending or by causing customers to shift their spending to products other than those sold by us or to products sold by us that are less
profitable than other product choices, all of which could result in lower net sales, decreases in inventory turnover or a reduction in profitability due to lower margins. The current global general economic uncertainty, the potential for
further economic dislocations, the potential impact of a recession, the potential for failures or realignments of financial institutions and the related impact on available credit may impact our suppliers, our landlords, our customers and our
operations in an adverse manner including, but not limited to, our inability to readily access liquid funds or credit, increases in the cost of credit, bankruptcy of our suppliers or landlords, and other impacts which we are currently unable to
fully anticipate. At this time, we are unable to determine the impact on our customers and our business, if any, of programs adopted by the U.S. government to stabilize and support the economy. 

Economic conditions, including inflation and energy prices, could affect our profitability. 

Increases in our cost of goods and services, including changes resulting from inflationary pressures, may reduce our sales or profitability. Our
ability to pass on incremental pricing changes may be limited due to operational or competitive factors. Increases in prices and other operating costs, including changes in energy prices, wage rates, lease and utility costs may increase our
costs of goods or operating expenses and reduce our profitability. 

Competitive factors in the retail industry could limit our growth opportunities and
reduce our profitability. 

We operate in the highly competitive discount retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors, some of
whom may have greater resources than the Company. We compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations and employees. This competitive environment subjects us to various risks, including the ability to continue our store and sales
growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. Consolidation in our retail sector, changes in pricing of merchandise or offerings of other services by competitors
could have a negative impact on the relative attractiveness of our stores to consumers. Our ability to provide convenience in a small box retail format while offering attractive, competitively-priced products could be impacted by various actions of
our competitors that are beyond our control. See Item 1—“Competition” for further discussion of our competitive position. Such competition may adversely affect our results of operation. 

Our growth is dependent upon our ability to increase sales in existing stores and the success of our new store opening program. 

Our growth is dependent on both increases in sales in existing stores and our ability to open profitable new stores. Increases in sales in existing
stores are dependent on factors such as competition, merchandise selection, store operations and other factors discussed in these Risk Factors. Unavailability of attractive store locations, delays in the acquisition or opening of new stores, delays
or costs associated with remodeling existing stores, delays or costs resulting from a decrease in commercial development due to capital constraints, difficulties in staffing and operating new store locations, and lack of customer acceptance of
stores in new market areas all may negatively impact our new store growth and the costs or the profitability associated with new or remodeled stores. 

9 

We depend heavily on technology systems that support all aspects of our operations; the failure of existing or new
technology to provide anticipated benefits could adversely affect our anticipated results of operations. 

Our merchandising, finance,
human resources, distribution and logistics and store operations functions depend heavily upon technological resources. Any failure in these systems could negatively impact our operations. In addition, we are continuously upgrading our current
technology or installing new technology. Our inability to implement in a timely manner such upgrades or installations, to effectively train employees in the use of such technology, or to obtain the anticipated benefits of such technology, including
technology associated with “Project Accelerate” or our new store POS systems, could adversely impact our operations or profitability. Any failure to maintain the confidentiality of information maintained on our computer systems could
result in additional costs and damage our reputation. 

Unusual weather, natural disasters, pandemic outbreaks, political events, war, or acts of
terrorism could adversely affect our sales and operations. 

Extreme changes in weather patterns or other natural disasters, pandemic
outbreaks, political instability, war, or acts of terrorism could influence customer trends and purchases and may negatively impact our net sales, properties and/or operations. Such events could result in: physical damage to one or more of our