The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. We also may be adversely affected by risks not currently known or risks that we do not currently consider to be material to our business. 

General economic conditions could impact our business adversely in various respects. 

A slowdown in the U.S. economy or other economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, such as employment levels, inflation, business conditions, fuel and energy costs, consumer debt levels,
lack of available credit, interest rates, and tax rates, may affect our business adversely by reducing overall consumer spending or by causing customers to shift their spending to products other than those sold by us or to products sold by us that
are less profitable than other product choices, all of which could result in lower net sales, decreases in inventory turnover or a reduction in profitability due to lower margins. The current global economic uncertainty, the impact of recessions,
and the potential for failures or realignments of financial institutions and the related impact on available credit may impact our suppliers, our landlords, our customers and our operations in an adverse manner including, but not limited to, our
inability to readily access liquid funds or credit, increases in the cost of credit, bankruptcy of our suppliers or landlords, and other impacts, which we are currently unable to fully anticipate. 

Our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases, inflation and energy prices. 

Future increases in our costs, such as the cost of merchandise, shipping rates, freight and fuel costs, and store
occupancy costs, may reduce our profitability. These cost changes may be the result of inflationary pressures that would further reduce our sales or profitability. Increases in other operating costs, including changes in energy prices, wage rates
and lease and utility costs, may increase our costs of goods or operating expenses and reduce our profitability. For example, increases in the cost of diesel fuel will likely result in an increase in transportation costs, which will increase our
overall operating costs and possibly lower profitability. 

10 

Table of Contents

Our growth is
dependent upon our ability to increase sales in existing stores and the success of our new store-opening program, our store renovation program and other operating and infrastructure initiatives. 

Our growth is dependent on both increases in sales in existing stores and our ability to open profitable new
stores. Increases in sales in existing stores are dependent on factors such as competition, merchandise selection, store operations and customer satisfaction. If we fail to realize our goals of successfully managing our store operations and
increasing our customer retention and recruitment levels, our sales may not increase and our growth may be impacted adversely. Our ability to open profitable new stores depends on many factors, including our ability to identify suitable markets and
sites for new stores, negotiate leases and development agreements with acceptable terms, gain name recognition in the new markets and successfully compete against local competition, while managing expenses and costs. Unavailability of attractive
store locations, delays in the acquisition or opening of new stores, delays, disruptions or costs associated with remodeling and renovating existing stores, delays or costs resulting from a decrease in commercial development due to capital
constraints, difficulties in staffing and operating new store locations, and lack of customer acceptance of stores in new market areas or our renovated store design all may impact our new store growth negatively and the costs or the profitability
associated with new, remodeled or renovated stores. 

In addition, higher costs or any failure to achieve
targeted results associated with the implementation of new programs or initiatives could adversely affect our results of operations. We are undertaking a variety of operating initiatives and infrastructure initiatives related to, among other things,
a comprehensive store renovation program, private brand expansion, global sourcing initiatives, and store workflow management. These changes may result in temporary disruptions to our business and negatively impact sales, and the failure to properly
execute any of these initiatives or the failure to obtain the anticipated results of such initiatives could have an adverse impact on our future operating results. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively or maintain or increase our sales, market share or margins, particularly if the prolonged
global economic conditions intensify. 

We operate in the highly competitive discount retail
merchandise sector with numerous competitors, some of which may have greater resources than us. We compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations and employees. This competitive environment subjects us to various risks, including the
ability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. Price reductions by our competitors may result in the reduction of our prices
and a corresponding reduction in our profitability. Consolidation in our retail sector, changes in pricing of merchandise, or offerings of other services by competitors could have a negative impact on the relative attractiveness of our stores to
consumers. Many of our large box competitors are or may be developing small box formats, and the opening of smaller stores may produce more competition, particularly in urban markets. Our ability to provide convenience in a small box retail format
while offering attractive, competitively-priced products could be impacted by various actions of our competitors that are beyond our control. See Item 1 – “Competition” for further discussion of our competitive position.

We depend heavily on technology systems that support all aspects of our operations; the failure of existing or new
technology to provide anticipated benefits could affect our results of operations adversely. 

Our
merchandising, finance, human resources, distribution and logistics and store operations functions depend heavily upon the efficient operation of our technological resources. A failure in our information technology systems or controls could impact
our operations negatively. In addition, we continuously upgrade our current technology or install new technology. Our inability to implement in a timely manner such upgrades or installations, to train our employees effectively in the use of our
technology, or to obtain the anticipated benefits of our technology could impact our operations or profitability adversely. 

If we are unable to secure our customers’ confidential and credit card information, or other private data relating to our
employees or the Company, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions, or private litigation, which could damage our business reputation and adversely affect our profitability. 

The protection of our customer, employee, and company data is critical to us. We have procedures and technology in place
to safeguard our customers’ debit and credit card information, our employees’ private data, and the Company’s records and intellectual property. However, if we experience a data security breach of any kind, we could be exposed to
negative publicity, government enforcement actions, private litigation and costly response measures. In addition, our reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing
the use of debit or credit cards in our stores, or not shopping in our stores altogether. This could cause us to lose market share to our competitors and have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

11 

Table of Contents

New accounting
guidance or changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting guidance could affect our financial performance adversely. 

New accounting guidance may require systems and other changes that could increase our operating costs and/or change our financial statements. For example, implementing future accounting guidance related
to leases, contingencies, and other areas impacted by the current convergence project between the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) and the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) could require us to make
significant changes to our lease management system or other accounting systems, and could result in changes to our financial statements. 

Unanticipated changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting guidance could result in material charges or restatements of our financial statements, which may further result in
litigation or regulatory actions which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in state or federal legislation or regulations, including the effects of legislation and regulations on wage levels,
employee rights, health care, social welfare and entitlement programs could increase our cost of doing business. 

We are exposed to the risk that federal or state legislation, particularly related to our team members, may negatively impact our operations. Changes in federal or state wage requirements, employee rights
(including changes in the process for our employees to join a union), health care, social welfare or entitlement programs such as health insurance, paid leave programs, or other changes in workplace regulation or tax rates could adversely impact our
ability to achieve our financial targets.

In 2010, Congress enacted comprehensive health care reform
legislation which, among other things, includes guaranteed coverage requirements, eliminates pre-existing condition exclusions and annual and lifetime maximum limits, restricts the extent to which policies can be rescinded, and imposes new and
significant taxes on health insurers and health care benefits. Due to the breadth and complexity of the health reform legislation, the current lack of implementing regulations and interpretive guidance, and the phased-in nature of the
implementation, it is difficult to predict the overall impact of the health reform legislation on our business over the coming years. Possible adverse effects of the health reform legislation include increased costs, exposure to expanded liability
and requirements for us to revise ways in which we conduct business. 

Product safety concerns and the effects of
legislation and regulations on product safety and quality could affect our sales and results of operations adversely. 

We are exposed to the risk that federal or state legislation and regulations regarding product quality and safety may negatively impact our operations. Any changes in product safety or quality legislation
or regulations may lead to product recalls and the disposal or write-off of merchandise inventories, as well as certain fines or penalties and reputational damage. Our inability to comply on a timely basis with regulatory requirements, or to execute
product recalls in a timely manner, could also result in substantial fines or penalties, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety of the products we sell could cause
us to lose market share to our competitors. If this occurs, it may be difficult for us to regain lost sales. 

12 

Table of Contents

Any disruption
in our ability to select, obtain and market merchandise attractive to customers at prices that allow us to profitably sell such merchandise could impact our business negatively. 

We generally have been able to select and obtain sufficient quantities of attractive merchandise at prices that allow us
to profitably sell such merchandise. If we are unable to continue to select products that are attractive to our customers, to obtain such products at costs that allow us to sell such products at a profit, or to market such products effectively
to consumers, our sales or profitability could be affected adversely. In addition, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences, expectations
and needs. Failure to maintain attractive stores and to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer needs, preferences and spending patterns could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and our
market share. 

Any disruption in the supply or increase in pricing of our merchandise could negatively impact
our ability to achieve anticipated operating results. A significant amount of our merchandise is manufactured outside the United States, and changes in the prices and flow of these goods for any reason could have an adverse impact on our
operations. For example, because a substantial amount of our merchandise is manufactured in China, a change in the Chinese currency or other policies could negatively impact our merchandise costs. The United States and other countries have
occasionally proposed and enacted protectionist trade legislation, which may result in changes in tariff structures and trade policies and restrictions that could increase the cost of or reduce the availability of certain merchandise. Any of these
or other measures or events relating to suppliers and the countries in which they are located, some or all of which are beyond our control, can negatively impact our operations, increase costs, and lower our margins. Such events or circumstances
include, but are not limited to: 

¡

 political and economic instability; 

¡

 the financial instability and labor problems of suppliers; 

¡

 the availability of raw materials; 

¡

 merchandise quality issues; 

¡

 changes in currency exchange rates; and 

¡

 transportation availability and cost. 

In addition, we are currently implementing global sourcing programs and vendor and product quality requirements that could negatively impact our ability to find qualified suppliers or their ability to
provide merchandise at attractive prices. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could affect our financial performance adversely. 

Operational difficulties, including those associated with our ability to develop and operate our stores and distribution facilities, could impact our business adversely. 

Our stores are decentralized and are managed through a network of geographically dispersed management personnel. Our
inability to operate our stores effectively and efficiently, including the ability to control losses resulting from inventory shrinkage, may negatively impact our sales or profitability.

In addition, we rely upon our distribution and logistics network to provide goods to stores in a timely and
cost-effective manner. Any disruption, unanticipated expense or operational failure related to this process could impact our store operations negatively. We maintain a network of distribution facilities throughout our geographic territory and
build new facilities to support our growth objectives. Delays in opening distribution facilities or stores could adversely affect our future operations by slowing the unit growth, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. Adverse changes in the cost
of operating distribution facilities and stores, such as changes in labor, utility and other operating costs, could have an adverse impact on our financial performance. Adverse changes in our inventory shrinkage at the store level or in distribution
facilities could also impact our results negatively.

We rely on third-party shippers and carriers whose operations are outside our control, and any failure by them to deliver products
in a timely manner may damage our reputation and could cause us to lose customers. 

We rely on
arrangements with third-party shippers and carriers such as independent shipping companies for timely delivery of products to stores and distribution operations throughout the country. As a result, we are subject to carrier disruptions and increased
costs due to factors that are beyond our control, including labor strikes, inclement weather and increased fuel costs. If the services of any of these third parties become unsatisfactory, we may experience delays in meeting our customers’
product demands and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable terms. Any failure to deliver products in a timely manner may damage our reputation and could cause us to lose customers.

13 

Table of Contents

Adverse impacts
associated with legal proceedings and claims could affect our business negatively. 

We are involved in
a number of legal proceedings which include employment, tort, real estate, commercial and other litigation. Certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity. The number of employment-related class actions filed each year has continued to increase, and recent changes and proposed changes in federal and state laws may cause claims to rise even more. We are currently a
defendant in numerous employment cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have alleged violations of federal and state wage and hour laws. We are also a defendant in Scott, et al. v. Family Dollar Stores,
Inc., a class action in which the plaintiffs have alleged that the Company engaged in a pattern and practice of discriminating against female store managers. The cost to defend these class-action lawsuits may be significant.
Plaintiffs in these types of cases may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of
these lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operation are required. There also may be
adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report for further details regarding certain of these pending matters. 

Inability to attract and retain employees could affect our business. 

Our growth could be adversely impacted by our inability to attract and retain employees at the store operations level, in
distribution facilities, and at the corporate level, including our senior management team, at costs which allow us to profitably conduct our operations. For example, we believe that the retention of managers at the store level is one factor in
reducing inventory shrinkage resulting from employee theft. Various other factors, such as overall labor availability, wage rates, union organizing activity, regulatory or legislative impacts and various benefit costs could all impact our ability to
attract and retain employees negatively and may affect our results of operations adversely. 

Our business is slightly
seasonal, and adverse events during the holiday season could impact our operating results negatively. 

Our business is slightly seasonal, with the highest percentage of sales (approximately 27% of total annual sales over the
last five fiscal years) occurring during the second fiscal quarter (December, January, and February). We purchase significant amounts of seasonal inventory in anticipation of the holiday season. Adverse events, such as deteriorating
economic conditions, higher unemployment, higher gas prices, public transportation disruptions, or unusual weather could result in lower-than-planned sales during the holiday season. This could lead to lower sales or to unanticipated markdowns,
impacting our financial condition and results of operations negatively. 

We are exposed to the risk of natural
disasters, unusual weather, pandemic outbreaks, war and terrorism that could disrupt business and result in lower sales, increased operating costs and capital expenditures. 

Our headquarters, store locations and distribution centers, as well as certain of our vendors and customers, are located
in areas which could be subject to natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes, tornadoes or earthquakes. Adverse weather conditions or other extreme changes in the weather, including resulting electrical and technological failures, may disrupt our
business and may adversely affect our ability to sell and distribute products. In addition, we operate in markets that may be susceptible to pandemic outbreaks, war or terrorism. Our business may be harmed if our ability to sell and distribute
products is impacted by any such events, any of which could influence customer trends and purchases and may negatively impact our net sales, properties or operations. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties,
the temporary closure of some or all of our stores or distribution centers, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, temporary or long-term disruption in the transport of goods, delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution
centers or stores, disruption of our technology support or information systems, or fuel shortages or dramatic increases in fuel prices, which increase the cost of doing business. Any of these factors, or combination thereof, could affect our
operations adversely. 

Failure to comply with our debt covenants could affect our capital resources, financial condition
and liquidity adversely. 

Our debt agreements contain certain restrictive covenants, which impose
various operating and financial restrictions on us. Such restrictions include, but are not limited to, a consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization ratio, a fixed charge coverage ratio, and a priority debt ratio. Our failure to comply with the
restrictive covenants in our debt agreements, as a result of one or more of the factors listed in this section, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in us having to repay our borrowings before their due
dates. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms, our results of operations or financial condition could be harmed. In addition, if we are in default under any of our existing or future debt facilities, we will be unable
to borrow additional amounts under those facilities to the extent that they would otherwise be available. Our ability to obtain future financing may also be impacted negatively. 

14 

Table of Contents

Our ability to
obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if needed, could be adversely affected by volatility in the capital markets. 

We obtain and manage liquidity from the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to capital markets, including our credit facilities with a consortium of banks. There is
no assurance that our ability to obtain additional financing through the capital markets, if needed, will not be adversely impacted by economic conditions. Tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity and volatility in the capital markets could
result in diminished availability of credit, higher cost of borrowing and lack of confidence in the equity market, making it more difficult to obtain additional financing on terms that are favorable to us. 

Funds associated with auction rate securities may not be liquid or readily available. 

Our portfolio of investment securities currently consists of auction rate securities ($154.2 million at fair value as of
August 28, 2010), which are not currently liquid or readily available to convert to cash. We do not believe that the current liquidity issues related to our auction rate securities will impact our ability to fund our ongoing business
operations, but if the global credit crisis persists or intensifies, it is possible that we will be required to write down the fair value of our auction rate securities further. If we determine that the decline in the fair value of our auction rate
securities is other than temporary, it would result in an impairment charge being recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income, and this charge could be material and could adversely affect our financial results for the periods in which the
charges occur. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report for more information on our auction rate securities.