The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.  We also may be adversely affected by risks not currently known or risks we do not currently consider material to our business.

The first section of risk factors below, "Risks Related to our Business," represent those faced by Family Dollar as a standalone company and should be read in conjunction with the second section of risk factors below, "Merger Related Risks," which represent risks Family Dollar currently faces under the Dollar Tree merger agreement. 

Risks Related to our Business

Current economic conditions and other economic factors could adversely impact our business in various respects, including impacting our customer's disposable income or discretionary spending. 

Our customers' low level of participation in the recovery of the U.S. economy, economic slowdown, or other economic factors may affect disposable consumer income and discretionary spending. Such factors include increased or sustained high unemployment or underemployment levels, increased costs of essential services including medical care and utilities, inflation, business conditions, fuel and energy costs, shopping patterns, consumer debt levels, lack of available credit, delays in tax refunds, and higher interest rates and tax rates. Changes in discretionary spending may cause customers to shift spending to products other than those we sell or change the mix of our sales toward less profitable products. These potential unfavorable customer spending trends may result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns on inventory.

The current global economic uncertainty, the impact of recessions, the failure of Congress to approve budgets in a timely manner, and the potential for failures or realignments of financial institutions and the related impact on available credit may impact our suppliers, our landlords, and our operations in an adverse manner including, but not limited to, our inability to readily access liquid funds or credit, increases in the cost of credit, bankruptcy of our suppliers or landlords, and other impacts, which we are currently unable to fully anticipate. 

We operate in a highly competitive environment and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively or maintain or increase our sales, market share or margins. 

We operate in the highly competitive discount retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors, some of which have greater resources than us. We compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and employees. This competitive environment subjects us to various risks, including the ability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. Price reductions by our competitors may result in the reduction of our prices and a corresponding reduction in our profitability. 

Consolidation in our retail sector, changes in pricing of merchandise, or offerings of other services by competitors could have a negative impact on the relative attractiveness of our stores to consumers. Our large box competitors are opening stores under small box formats, which creates more competition, particularly in urban markets. 

We face increased competition from the use of mobile and web-based technology that facilitates on-line shopping and real-time product and price comparisons. Additionally, the pervasiveness and viral nature of social media could negatively portray or influence our business, employees, and products. 

The Company has entered into the Dollar Tree merger agreement. Dollar General has made an unsolicited conditional tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Family Dollar common stock, and filed a preliminary proxy statement to solicit proxies in opposition to the Dollar Tree merger. The uncertainty surrounding the structure of a combined chain, the target market of a combined chain, and the retention of our current brands and product offerings may have an adverse impact on our current business operations. Our ability to provide convenience in a small box retail format, while offering attractive, competitively-priced products could be impacted by various actions of our competitors that are beyond our control. See Item 1 - "Competition" for further discussion of our competitive position. 

Our plans depend significantly on initiatives designed to increase sales and improve the efficiencies, costs, and effectiveness of our operations, independent of business combination transactions. Failure to achieve these plans could affect our performance adversely. 

Higher costs or any failure to achieve targeted results associated with the implementation of new programs or initiatives could adversely affect our results of operations. We are undertaking a variety of operating initiatives and infrastructure initiatives 

11

including, but not limited to, a significant investment to permanently lower prices on a variety of products, merchandise expansions, a comprehensive store renovation program, private brand expansion, and global sourcing initiatives. These changes may result in temporary disruptions to our business and negatively impact sales. We have also undergone an initiative to close a number of underperforming stores. If, during this store closure initiative, we closed stores with future potential of being higher performing stores or did not close an appropriate number of underperforming stores, there could be an adverse impact on our operations and financial performance. The failure to properly execute any of these initiatives or the failure to obtain the anticipated results of such initiatives could have an adverse impact on our future operating results.

Any disruption in our ability to select, obtain, distribute, and market merchandise attractive to customers at prices allowing us to profitably sell such merchandise could adversely impact our business.

We generally have been able to select and obtain sufficient quantities of attractive merchandise at prices allowing us to profitably sell such merchandise.  If we are unable to continue to acquire products attractive to our customers, to obtain such products at costs allowing us to sell such products at a profit, or to market such products effectively to consumers, our sales or profitability could be adversely affected. In addition, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences, expectations and needs across all markets in which we operate stores. Failure to maintain an attractive selection and to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer needs, preferences and spending patterns could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products, and our market share.

We have substantially increased the number of our private brand items over the past several years, and the program is a sizable part of our future growth plans. We believe our success in maintaining broad market acceptance of our private brands depends on many factors, including our pricing, costs, quality and customer perception. We may not achieve or maintain our expected sales for our private brands and, as a result, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Additionally, the increased number of private brands could negatively impact our existing relationships with our non-private brand suppliers. 

Inappropriate pricing causes products to be less attractive to our customers. We continue to enhance our pricing capabilities to drive customer loyalty and have established a strategic pricing team to improve our value perception and to increase profitability. Inability to successfully implement new pricing strategies could have a negative effect on our business.

Any disruption in the supply or increase in pricing of our merchandise could negatively impact our ability to achieve anticipated operating results. A significant amount of our merchandise is manufactured outside the United States, and changes in the prices and flow of these goods for any reason could have an adverse impact on our operations.  For example, because a substantial amount of our imported merchandise is manufactured in China, a change in the Chinese currency or other policies could negatively impact our merchandise costs.  The United States and other countries have occasionally proposed and enacted protectionist trade legislation, which may result in changes in tariff structures, trade policies, and restrictions. Any changes could increase the cost of or reduce the availability of certain merchandise. Any of these or other measures or events relating to suppliers and the countries in which they are located, some or all of which are beyond our control, can negatively impact our operations, increase costs, and reduce our profitability. 

In addition, our business could be negatively impacted if we cannot find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the United States. Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability, and cost, transport security, inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers, our access to products, and our ability to transport those products could affect our financial performance adversely.

Inability to attract, train, and retain qualified employees, executive officers, and other key personnel, and to control labor costs could adversely affect our business.

Our continuity of business knowledge and growth of the Company could be adversely impacted by our inability to attract, train, and retain qualified employees at the store operations level, in distribution facilities, in sourcing offices, and at the corporate headquarters (the "Store Support Center") level. With uncertainty surrounding the future state of the Company, the pending merger with Dollar Tree, and the unsolicited conditional tender offer from Dollar General, it could become increasingly difficult to retain qualified employees. Additionally, we continually face challenges to reduce turnover at the store operations level, which could negatively impact the customer experience. Various other factors, such as overall labor availability, wage rates, union organizing activity, regulatory or legislative impacts, and benefit costs could all impact our ability to attract, train, 

12

and retain employees negatively. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance policies with respect to our executive officers or key personnel. 

Our ability to retain qualified employees could impact our ability to profitably conduct our operations and adversely impact our results of operations. Further, our ability to attract or realign our executive officers and key personnel is further complicated by the uncertainty of the future state of the Company. Any changes could require discussion and approval from Dollar Tree, under the Dollar Tree merger agreement. 

Our growth is dependent upon our ability to increase sales in existing stores, the success of our new store-opening program and our store renovation program, and our ability to successfully identify and close underperforming stores.

Our growth is dependent on both increases in sales in existing stores and our ability to open profitable new stores.  Sales growth in existing stores is dependent upon factors including competition, merchandise selection, store operations, and customer satisfaction. Our ability to open profitable new stores is dependent upon factors including having available capital resources, identifying suitable locations for new stores, negotiating favorable leases and development agreements, competing against local competition, and gaining name recognition in new markets. Unavailability of attractive store locations, delays in acquisition or opening of new stores, and delays or unexpected costs associated with remodeling and renovating existing stores, may negatively impact new store growth and profitability of remodeled or renovated stores. Additionally, difficulties in staffing and operating both existing and new store locations, and lack of customer acceptance of stores in new market areas or our renovated store design may impact our ability to increase sales. 

We continually reassess the location and profitability of our store locations. During the second half of fiscal 2014, we closed a number of stores beyond our normal plans for store closures. If, during this store closure initiative, we closed stores with future potential of being higher performing stores or did not close an appropriate number of underperforming stores, there could be an adverse impact on our operations and financial performance. Further, if a significant number of stores will be required to be closed as a result of a business combination, this could have an adverse impact on our operations.

We depend heavily on technology systems to support all aspects of our operations. The failure of existing or new technology to provide anticipated benefits could adversely affect our results of operations.

Our business depends heavily upon the efficient operation of our technological resources. A failure in our information technology systems or controls could negatively impact our operations. In addition, we continuously upgrade and update our current technology or install new technology. In fiscal 2014, the Company re-implemented an Enterprise Resource Planning ("ERP") system. The Company believes it has taken the necessary steps to mitigate risk associated with this reimplementation, including a comprehensive review of internal controls, extensive employee training, and additional verifications and testing to ensure data integrity. Our inability to implement upgrades, updates, or installations in a timely manner, to train our employees effectively in the use of our technology, or to obtain the anticipated benefits of our technology could adversely impact our operations or profitability. 

Our technology systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our employees. If our technology systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, we may incur significant costs to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations. Any material interruption in both our technology systems and back-up systems may have an adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

Operational difficulties, including those associated with our ability to develop and operate our stores and distribution facilities, could adversely impact our business.

Our stores are decentralized and are managed through a network of geographically dispersed management personnel.  In addition, we rely upon our distribution and logistics network to provide goods to stores in a timely and cost-effective manner.  Any disruption, unanticipated expense, or operational failure related to this process could impact our store operations negatively. We maintain a network of distribution facilities throughout our geographic territory and build new facilities to support our growth objectives. Delays in opening distribution facilities or stores could adversely affect our future operations by slowing the unit growth, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. Adverse changes in the cost of operating distribution facilities and stores, such as changes in labor, utility and other operating costs, could have an adverse impact on our financial performance. 

13

Our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases, inflation and energy prices. 

Future increases in our costs, such as the cost of merchandise, shipping rates, freight and fuel costs, and store occupancy costs, may reduce our profitability. The minimum wage has increased or is scheduled to increase in multiple states and local jurisdictions, and there is a possibility Congress will increase the federal minimum wage. These cost changes may be the result of inflationary pressures which could further reduce our sales or profitability. Increases in other operating costs, including changes in energy prices, wage rates and lease and utility costs, may increase our costs of sales or operating expenses and reduce our profitability. 

Our performance may be adversely impacted if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances.

Our inventory balance represented approximately 42% of our total assets as of August 30, 2014. Efficient inventory management is a key component of our business success and profitability. To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and appropriate product mix throughout the year to meet our customers' demands without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the cost to store and hold the goods adversely impacts our financial results. If our buying decisions are not accurate or well-timed in correlation to customer trends and spending levels, we may incur unanticipated markdowns to dispose of the excess inventory. Further, we believe excess inventory levels in stores subjects us to the risk of increased inventory shrinkage. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances and shrinkage, our results from operations and cash flows from operations may be negatively affected. 

Changes in and our compliance with state or federal legislation or regulations could impact our operations. 

We employ more than 60,000 team members and are exposed to the risk federal or state legislation, particularly related to our team members, may negatively impact our operations. Changes in federal or state wage requirements, employee rights, health care, social welfare or entitlement programs such as health insurance, paid leave programs, or other changes in workplace regulation or tax laws could adversely impact our ability to achieve our financial targets.  Changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, product safety, supply chain transparency or environmental could cause our expenses to increase. In 2010, Congress enacted comprehensive health care reform legislation which includes guaranteed coverage requirements, eliminates pre-existing condition exclusions and annual and lifetime maximum limits, restricts the extent to which policies can be rescinded, and imposes new and significant taxes on health insurers and health care benefits. Due to the complexity of the health care reform legislation, the challenges faced in implementation regulations and interpretive guidance, and the phased-in nature of the implementation, it is difficult to predict the overall impact of the health care reform legislation on our business over the coming years. Possible adverse effects of the health care reform legislation include increased costs, exposure to expanded liability, and requirements for us to revise ways in which we conduct business. 

Our business is subject to federal, state, local, and international laws, rules, and regulations, such as state and local wage and hour laws, anti-corruption laws, import and export laws, unclaimed property laws, and many others. The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance are both increasing due to legal and regulatory requirements, increased enforcement, and our ongoing expansion of our global sourcing operations. In addition, as a result of operating in multiple countries, we must comply with multiple foreign laws and regulations which may differ substantially from country to country and may conflict with corresponding U.S. laws and regulations. We may also be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies. These investigations and audits can occur in the ordinary course of business or can result from increased scrutiny from a particular agency towards an industry, country, or practice. If we fail to comply with laws, rules, and regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, we may be subject to government enforcement action, class action litigation or other litigation, damage to our reputation, civil and criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties, and increased cost of regulatory compliance, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance.

Adverse impacts associated with legal proceedings and claims could negatively affect our business.

The ongoing antitrust investigations by federal and state regulators of the pending merger between Family Dollar and Dollar Tree and Dollar General's proposals to Family Dollar could negatively impact our store operations, growth, and financial results. The investigations could extend for a significant time, and regulators may seek to prohibit such transactions or, as a condition to approving such transactions, require the divestiture of certain stores and other assets.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings which include employment, shareholder actions, tort, real estate, commercial, and other litigation. Certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in a liability material to our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. 

14

Lawsuits filed by competitors for alleged violations of certain restrictive covenants, binding on the occupants of shopping centers, could also have an adverse impact on our store operations. We, and many of our competitors, are currently engaged in a lawsuit with Winn-Dixie, and depending on the outcome of the lawsuit, the sale of food or other items at Family Dollar stores in locations near Winn-Dixie may be limited, which would negatively impact sales. 

Nationally, the number of employment-related class actions filed each year has continued to increase, and recent changes and proposed changes in federal and state laws may cause claims to rise even more. We are currently a defendant in numerous employment cases containing class-action allegations, including those in which the plaintiffs have alleged violations of federal and state wage and hour laws. The cost to defend these class-action lawsuits may be significant. Plaintiffs in these types of cases may seek recovery of significant or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in a liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. 

There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report for further details regarding certain of these pending matters.

If we are unable to secure our customers' confidential and credit card information, or other private data relating to our employees, suppliers or the Company, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation, which could damage our business reputation and adversely affect our profitability. 

The protection of our customer, employee and Company data is critical to us. We have procedures and technology in place to safeguard our customers' debit and credit card information, our employees' private data, suppliers' data, and the Company's records and intellectual property. As a retailer that accepts debit and credit cards for payment, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI DSS"), issued by the PCI Council. PCI DSS contains compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing, and transmission of individual cardholder data. 

Despite our compliance with PCI DSS standards, the procedures, technology and other information security measures, we cannot be certain all our information technology ("IT") systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyber-attacks, cyber- terrorism, or security breaches from known malware or malware that may be developed in the future. As evidenced by other retailers who have recently suffered serious security breaches, we may be vulnerable to, and unable to detect and appropriately respond to, data security breaches and data loss, including cyber-security attacks. If we experience a data security breach of any kind, whether external, internal or misuse of sensitive data, we could be exposed to negative publicity, government enforcement actions, private litigation, penalties or costly response measures, which may not be covered by our insurance policies. In addition, our reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether. 

A breach of our security measures, a breach of our third-party service providers' security measures, or failure to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations could result in exposure of sensitive data. Such a breach or failure, which could go undetected for a period of time or not be detected at all, could have the following impacts: 

•

Result in significant costs to protect compromised customers' or employees' personal data and to restore their confidence in us;

•

Require significant resources to address the problems and to further upgrade the security measures, which guard sensitive information; and 

•

Result in disruption of our operations which could require us to make changes to our information systems and administrative processes to address security issues and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

To the extent any disruption results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card associations, and others. In addition, the cost of complying with stricter privacy and information security laws and standards could be significant to us.

15

We rely on suppliers, third-party distributors, and carriers whose operations are outside our control and any failure by them to deliver products in a timely manner may damage our reputation and could cause us to lose customers. 

We rely on arrangements with third-party distributors and carriers such as independent shipping companies for timely delivery of products to stores and distribution operations throughout the country. As a result of our reliance on third-party distributors and carriers, including McLane, we are subject to carrier disruptions and increased costs due to factors beyond our control, including labor strikes, inclement weather, natural disasters, trade restrictions, and increased fuel costs. If the services of any of these third parties become unsatisfactory, we may experience delays in meeting our customers' product demands and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable terms. Any failure to deliver products in a timely manner may damage our reputation and could cause us to lose customers. 

Our largest supplier accounted for almost 9% of our merchandise purchases (at cost) and we distributed approximately 17% of our merchandise through our relationship with McLane. We have not experienced difficulty in obtaining sufficient quantities of core merchandise and believe, if one or more of our current sources of supply became unavailable, we would generally be able to obtain alternative sources without experiencing a substantial disruption of our business. However, such alternative sources could increase our merchandise costs and reduce the quality of our merchandise, and an inability to obtain alternative sources could adversely affect our sales.

Our ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if needed, could be adversely affected by the uncertainty surrounding the future state of the Company and the volatility in the capital markets.

In the event financial results fall below market expectations for several consecutive quarters, our debt rating could be downgraded, which would have an adverse impact on our ability to secure additional financing. Additionally, the pending merger with Dollar Tree, including the related financing by Dollar Tree and the Financing Sources, as defined in the Dollar Tree merger agreement, could have an adverse impact on our ability to secure additional financing. Further, completion of an acquisition or merger could result in our Company no longer being considered investment grade, which could result in difficulty obtaining additional new financing. 

We obtain and manage liquidity from the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to capital markets, including our credit facilities with a consortium of banks. There is no assurance our ability to obtain additional financing through the capital markets, if needed, will not be adversely impacted by economic conditions. Tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity, and volatility in the capital markets could result in diminished availability of credit, higher cost of borrowing, and lack of confidence in the equity market, making it increasingly difficult to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us. 

We are exposed to the risk of natural disasters, unusual weather, pandemic outbreaks, global political events, war, and terrorism. These events could disrupt business and result in lower sales, increased operating costs, and capital expenditures.

Our store locations, distribution centers, sourcing offices, and Store Support Center, as well as certain of our vendors and customers, are located in areas which could be subject to unusual weather patterns or natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes, tornadoes or earthquakes. Adverse weather conditions or other extreme changes in the weather, including resulting electrical and technological failures, may disrupt our business and may adversely affect our ability to sell and distribute products. 

In addition, we operate in markets susceptible to pandemic outbreaks, war, terrorist acts, or disruptive global political events, such as civil unrest in countries in which our suppliers are located. Our business may be harmed if our ability to sell and distribute products is impacted by any such events. Such events could result in physical damage or temporary closure to one or more of our properties, a temporary shortage of adequate work force in the market, a temporary or permanent disruption or delay in the transport and delivery of goods to our distribution centers and stores, a disruption of technology support or information systems, or fuel shortages or dramatic increases in fuel prices. Additionally, such events could influence customer trends. All these possible outcomes could increase the cost of doing business and negatively impact our net sales, properties or operations.  

Failure to comply with our debt covenants could adversely affect our capital resources, financial condition and liquidity.

Our debt agreements contain certain restrictive covenants, which impose various operating and financial restrictions on us. Such restrictions include, but are not limited to, a consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization ratio, a fixed charge coverage ratio, and a priority debt ratio. Our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements, as a result of one or 

16

more of the factors listed in this section, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in us having to repay our borrowings before their due dates. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or if we were to experience difficulty in refinancing the debt prior to maturity, our results of operations or financial condition could be harmed. In addition, if we are in default under any of our existing or future debt facilities, we will be unable to borrow additional amounts under those facilities to the extent otherwise available. 

Product and food safety concerns and the effects of legislation and regulations on product and food safety and quality could adversely affect our results of operations and perception by customers.

Federal or state legislation and regulations regarding product and food quality and safety may negatively impact our operations. Any changes in product safety or quality legislation or regulations may lead to product recalls and the disposal or write-off of merchandise inventories, as well as certain fines or penalties and reputational damage. Our inability to timely comply with regulatory requirements or execute product recalls could result in substantial fines or penalties, which could have an adverse impact on our financial results. All our vendors and their products must comply with applicable product and food safety laws. 

We may be subject to product liability claims from customers relating to food and other products recalled, defective or otherwise alleged to be harmful. Such claims may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, storage, handling and transportation phases. The outcome of claims against the Company could have an adverse impact on our financial results. Additionally, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety of our products could cause us to lose market share to our competitors, which can be difficult to regain. 

Our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial performance. 

We use a combination of third-party insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liability for workers' compensation, automobile and general liability, property, director and officers' liability, and employee health care benefits. Any actuarial projection of losses is subject to a high degree of variability. Changes in legal claims, trends and interpretations, variability in inflation rates, changes in the nature and method of claims settlement, benefit level changes due to changes in applicable laws, insolvency of insurance carriers, and changes in discount rates could all adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

New accounting guidance or changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting guidance could adversely affect our financial performance.

New accounting guidance may require systems, which could increase our operating costs, and other changes, including changes to our financial statements. For example, implementing future accounting guidance related to leases, contingencies, and other areas impacted by the convergence project between the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") and the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") could require us to make significant changes to our lease management system or other accounting systems, and could result in changes to our financial statements.

Unanticipated changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting guidance could result in material charges to or restatements of our financial statements, which may further result in litigation or regulatory actions which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Merger Related Risks

The value of the stock portion of the merger consideration is subject to changes based on fluctuations in the value of Dollar Tree common stock, and Family Dollar stockholders may receive stock consideration with a value that, at the time received, is less than $14.90 per share of Family Dollar common stock.

The market value of Dollar Tree common stock will fluctuate during the period before the date of the special meeting of Family Dollar stockholders to vote on the adoption of the Dollar Tree merger agreement, during the 20 trading day period the exchange ratio will be based upon, and the time between the last day of the 20 trading day period and the time Family Dollar stockholders receive merger consideration in the form of Dollar Tree common stock, as well as thereafter.

Upon completion of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of Family Dollar common stock will be converted into the right to receive the per share merger consideration, which is equal to $59.60 in cash and a number of Dollar Tree shares equal to the exchange ratio, which depends on the average stock price. If the average Dollar Tree stock price is greater than $49.08 and less than $59.98 per share, the exchange ratio will be the quotient of $14.90 divided by the average stock price. If the 

17

average stock price is greater than or equal to $59.98, the exchange ratio will be 0.2484. If the average stock price is less than or equal to $49.08, the exchange ratio will be 0.3036. Accordingly, the actual number of shares and the value of Dollar Tree common stock delivered to Family Dollar stockholders will depend on the average stock price, and the value of the shares of Dollar Tree common stock delivered for each such share of Family Dollar common stock may be greater than or less than, or equal to, $14.90. It is impossible to accurately predict the market price of Dollar Tree common stock at the effective time or during the period over which the average stock price is calculated and therefore impossible to accurately predict the number or value of the shares of Dollar Tree common stock that Family Dollar stockholders will be delivered in the merger. 

The market price of Dollar Tree common stock after the merger will continue to fluctuate and may be affected by factors different from those affecting shares of Family Dollar common stock currently.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of Family Dollar common stock will become holders of Dollar Tree common stock. The market price of Dollar Tree common stock may fluctuate significantly following consummation of the merger and holders of Family Dollar common stock could lose the value of their investment in Dollar Tree common stock. In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations in recent times, which could have a material adverse effect on the market for, or liquidity of, the Dollar Tree common stock, regardless of Dollar Tree's actual operating performance. In addition, Dollar Tree's business differs in important respects from that of Family Dollar, and accordingly, the results of operations of the combined company and the market price of Dollar Tree common stock after the completion of the merger may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the independent results of operations of each of Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. 

Dollar Tree does not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, and current Family Dollar stockholders may have to rely on increases in the trading price of Dollar Tree common stock for returns on their investment following the merger. In addition, the Dollar Tree merger agreement places restrictions on Family Dollar's ability to pay dividends.

Family Dollar and Dollar Tree have had different dividend policies historically. Family Dollar has consistently paid a regular quarterly dividend, but Dollar Tree does not currently pay regular quarterly dividends and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future. Any payment of dividends by Dollar Tree would require approval by the Dollar Tree board of directors and the board may change its dividend policy at any time. As such, Dollar Tree may not pay any regular dividends in the foreseeable future, in which case former Family Dollar stockholders who become stockholders of Dollar Tree would no longer be able to rely on receiving regular dividend payments. Former Family Dollar stockholders, and other Dollar Tree stockholders, would have to rely on increases in the trading price of Dollar Tree common stock for any returns on their investment. In addition, under the Dollar Tree merger agreement, Family Dollar is not permitted to pay dividends other than a single cash dividend of $0.31 in the first quarter of fiscal year 2015.

Sales of shares of Dollar Tree common stock before and after the completion of the transaction may cause the market price of Dollar Tree common stock to fall.

The issuance of new shares of Dollar Tree common stock in connection with the transaction could have the effect of depressing the market price for Dollar Tree common stock.

In addition, many Family Dollar stockholders may decide not to hold the shares of Dollar Tree common stock they will receive in the merger. Other Family Dollar stockholders, such as funds with limitations on their permitted holdings of stock in individual issuers, may be required to sell the shares of Dollar Tree common stock they receive in the merger. Such sales of Dollar Tree common stock could have the effect of depressing the market price for Dollar Tree common stock and may take place promptly following the merger.

Completion of the merger is subject to conditions and if these conditions are not satisfied or waived, the merger will not be completed. The Dollar Tree merger agreement can also be terminated by Family Dollar under certain circumstances relating to a company superior proposal, as described in the Dollar Tree merger agreement.

The obligations of Dollar Tree and Family Dollar to complete the merger are subject to satisfaction or waiver, to the extent permitted under applicable law, of a number of conditions including adoption of the merger by the Family Dollar stockholders, expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 ("HSR Act"), the effectiveness of the Form S-4, the approval of the listing on the Nasdaq of the Dollar Tree common stock to be issued in the merger, the absence of an injunction prohibiting the merger, the accuracy of the representations, and the warranties of the other party under the Dollar Tree merger agreement (subject to the materiality standards set forth in the Dollar Tree merger agreement), the performance by the other party of its respective obligations under the Dollar Tree merger agreement in all material respects, delivery of officer certificates by the other party certifying satisfaction of the two preceding 

18

conditions, and in the case of Dollar Tree's obligations to complete the merger, the absence of a material adverse effect, as described in the Dollar Tree merger agreement, on Family Dollar following July 27, 2014.

The satisfaction of all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Any delay in completing the merger could cause Dollar Tree not to realize some or all of the benefits that Dollar Tree expects to achieve if the merger is successfully completed within its expected timeframe. Further, there can be no assurance the conditions to the closing of the merger will be satisfied or waived or the merger will be completed. See the risk factor entitled "Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact the stock price and the future business and financial results of Family Dollar,'' below. 

Under certain circumstances, if a third party makes a company superior proposal, as described in the Dollar Tree merger agreement, to acquire Family Dollar, Family Dollar could pay Dollar Tree a termination fee of $305 million, terminate the Dollar Tree merger agreement, and sign a merger agreement with the third party, and the pending merger between Family Dollar and Dollar Tree would not be completed.

In order to complete the merger, Dollar Tree and Family Dollar must make certain governmental filings and obtain certain governmental authorizations, and if such filings and authorizations are not made or granted or are granted with conditions, or if regulators otherwise seek to impose conditions or to challenge the merger, completion of the merger may be jeopardized or the anticipated benefits of the merger could be reduced.

Although Dollar Tree and Family Dollar have agreed in the Dollar Tree merger agreement to use their reasonable best efforts, subject to certain limitations, to make certain governmental filings, and obtain the required expiration or termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act, there can be no assurance the waiting period under the HSR Act will expire or be terminated. As a condition to granting termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act or avoiding a lawsuit challenging the merger, governmental authorities may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of Dollar Tree's business after completion of the merger. Under the terms of the Dollar Tree merger agreement, subject to certain exceptions, Dollar Tree and its subsidiaries are required to accept certain conditions and take certain actions imposed by governmental authorities that would apply to, or affect, the businesses, assets or properties of it, its subsidiaries or Family Dollar and its subsidiaries. There can be no assurance regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or imposing additional material costs on or materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger, or otherwise adversely affecting Dollar Tree's businesses and results of operations after completion of the merger. In addition, we can provide no assurance these conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the merger. There can also be no assurance regulators will not seek to challenge the merger. 

Combining the two companies may be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger may not be realized.

Family Dollar and Dollar Tree have operated and, until the completion of the merger, will continue to operate, independently. The success of the merger, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on Dollar Tree's ability to successfully combine and integrate the businesses of Dollar Tree and Family Dollar. It is possible the pending nature of the merger and/or the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, higher than expected costs, diversion of management attention of both Family Dollar and Dollar Tree, increased competition, the disruption of either company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the combined company's ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors, and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger. If Dollar Tree experiences difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. Integration efforts between the two companies will also divert management's attention and resources. These integration matters could have an adverse effect on each of Dollar Tree and Family Dollar during this transition period and for an undetermined period after completion of the merger on the combined company. In addition, the actual cost savings of the merger could be less than anticipated.

Family Dollar's executive officers and directors have interests in the merger that may be different from your interests as a stockholder of Family Dollar or as a stockholder of Dollar Tree.

When considering the recommendation of the Family Dollar board that Family Dollar stockholders adopt the Dollar Tree merger agreement, Family Dollar stockholders should be aware that directors and executive officers of Family Dollar have certain interests in the merger that may be different from or in addition to the interests of Family Dollar stockholders and Dollar Tree stockholders generally. These interests, which arise from both contractual arrangements existing prior to the execution of the Dollar Tree merger agreement and provisions of the Dollar Tree merger agreement, include, among others, the treatment of 

19

outstanding equity awards pursuant to the Dollar Tree merger agreement, potential severance benefits and other payments, retention, and rights to ongoing indemnification and insurance coverage by the surviving company for acts or omissions occurring prior to the merger. As a result of these interests, these directors and executive officers of Family Dollar might be more likely to support and to vote in favor of the proposals described in the proxy statement than if they did not have these interests. Family Dollar's stockholders should consider whether these interests might have influenced these directors and executive officers to support or recommend adoption of the Dollar Tree merger agreement.

The Dollar Tree merger agreement limits Family Dollar's ability to pursue alternatives to the merger and may discourage other companies from trying to acquire Family Dollar for greater consideration than what Dollar Tree has agreed to pay.

The Dollar Tree merger agreement contains provisions that make it more difficult for Family Dollar to sell its business to a party other than Dollar Tree. These provisions include a general prohibition on Family Dollar soliciting any acquisition proposal or offer for a competing transaction. In some circumstances upon termination of the Dollar Tree merger agreement, Family Dollar may be required to pay to Dollar Tree its out-of-pocket expenses not to exceed $90 million and/or a termination fee of $305 million, less any payment paid in respect of Dollar Tree's out-of-pocket expenses. Further, there are only limited exceptions to Family Dollar's agreement that the Family Dollar Board of Directors will not withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Dollar Tree the recommendation of the Family Dollar board in favor of the adoption of the Dollar Tree merger agreement and to Family Dollar's agreement not to enter into an agreement with respect to a company takeover proposal. 

These provisions might discourage a third party that has an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of Family Dollar from considering or proposing an acquisition, even if the party were prepared to pay consideration with a higher per share cash or market value than the market value proposed to be received or realized in the merger, or might result in a potential competing acquirer proposing to pay a lower price than it might otherwise have proposed to pay because of the added expense of the termination fee or the payment of expenses that may become payable in certain circumstances.

Actions by Dollar General may negatively impact the interests of Family Dollar's stockholders and Family Dollar.

The Dollar General tender offer and actions by Dollar General could negatively impact the interests of Family Dollar stockholders and Family Dollar. Since August 18, 2014, Dollar General has made two unsolicited conditional proposals to acquire Family Dollar, and commenced the Dollar General tender offer, each of which has been unanimously rejected by the Family Dollar board. 

Dollar General has also filed a preliminary proxy statement with the SEC to solicit proxies in opposition to the Dollar Tree merger. It is unclear what additional actions Dollar General may take to further the Dollar General tender offer or to prevent the Dollar Tree merger from occurring. These additional actions taken or to be taken by Dollar General may cause disruption in Family Dollar's business and could negatively impact the expected timing of the consummation of the Dollar Tree merger. In addition, Family Dollar's stockholders may be persuaded to vote against adoption of the Dollar Tree merger agreement as a result of Dollar General's actions and, consequently, the required stockholder approval of the Dollar Tree merger may not be obtained. If, at the special meeting, Family Dollar stockholders were to fail to approve the Dollar Tree merger, then:

•

The Dollar Tree merger agreement may be terminated without any money going to Family Dollar stockholders;

•

If the Dollar Tree merger agreement is terminated, Family Dollar will have to reimburse Dollar Tree in cash for its out-of-pocket expenses up to $90 million and under certain circumstances, including a consummation of a transaction with Dollar General, will be required to pay a termination fee to Dollar Tree in cash of $305 million, less any prior payment in respect of Dollar Tree's out-of-pocket expenses; and

•

Family Dollar may remain a stand-alone company and reject any proposed transactions with Dollar General, including on the basis of antitrust regulatory considerations, or other third parties; and

•

The Dollar General tender offer may not be completed on the proposed terms because one or more conditions, including the condition that Dollar General and Family Dollar must have entered into a merger agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Dollar General in its reasonable discretion, are not satisfied or Dollar General may unilaterally decide to fail to extend its tender offer or change the price per share or other terms of the offer as described below. 

Family Dollar does not expect the Dollar General tender offer to receive antitrust regulatory clearance before the tender offer's currently scheduled expiration date and, if this turns out to be the case, Dollar General will not be able to purchase any tendered shares in connection with the scheduled expiration of the tender offer. Dollar General may determine not to extend its tender offer beyond the upcoming or any extended expiration date. Moreover, even if Dollar General were to extend its tender offer, Dollar General may decide not to continue to offer the same price per share or other terms upon any extension of the Dollar General tender offer and may elect in its "reasonable discretion" not to enter into a merger agreement with Family Dollar on the 

20

terms currently described in its offer. Furthermore, Dollar General has not indicated it will extend the tender offer over a period long enough to permit Dollar General to obtain antitrust regulatory clearance for a combination with Family Dollar. Also see the risk factor entitled "Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact the stock price and the future business and financial results of Family Dollar.''

Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact the stock price and the future business and financial results of Family Dollar.

If the merger is not completed for any reason, including as a result of Family Dollar stockholders failing to adopt the Dollar Tree merger agreement, the ongoing business of Family Dollar may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the merger, Family Dollar would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:

•

Family Dollar may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on its stock price;

•

Family Dollar may experience negative reactions from its customers, vendors and employees;

•

Family Dollar will be required to pay certain costs relating to the merger, whether or not the merger is completed;

•

The Dollar Tree merger agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of Family Dollar's businesses prior to completion of the merger. Such restrictions, the waiver of which is subject to the consent of Dollar Tree (in certain cases, not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), may prevent Family Dollar from making certain acquisitions or taking certain other specified actions during the pendency of the merger; and

•

Matters relating to the merger, including integration planning, will require substantial commitments of time and resources by Family Dollar management, which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to Family Dollar as an independent company.

In addition to the above risks, Family Dollar may be required, under certain circumstances, to pay to Dollar Tree a termination fee of $305 million or the payment of Dollar Tree's out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the merger or the Dollar Tree merger agreement not to exceed $90 million, which may materially adversely affect Family Dollar's financial results. Further, Family Dollar could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the merger or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against Family Dollar to perform its obligations under the Dollar Tree merger agreement. If the merger is not completed, these risks may materialize and may adversely affect Family Dollar's businesses, financial condition, financial results, and stock price.

The shares of Dollar Tree common stock to be received by Family Dollar stockholders as a result of the merger will have rights different from the shares of Family Dollar common stock.

Upon completion of the merger, Family Dollar stockholders will no longer be stockholders of Family Dollar but will instead become Dollar Tree stockholders, and their rights as stockholders will be governed by the terms of the Dollar Tree charter and bylaws and by Virginia corporate law. The terms of the Dollar Tree charter and bylaws and Virginia corporate law are, in some respects, different than the terms of the Family Dollar charter and bylaws and Delaware corporate law, which currently govern the rights of Family Dollar stockholders. 

After the merger, Family Dollar stockholders will have a significantly lower ownership and voting interest in Dollar Tree than they currently have in Family Dollar and will exercise less influence over management.

It is expected that, immediately after completion of the merger, former Family Dollar stockholders will have less of an ownership percentage of Dollar Tree common stock, compared to their previous ownership percentage of Family Dollar common stock. Consequently, former Family Dollar stockholders will have less influence over the management and policies of Dollar Tree than they currently have over the management and policies of Family Dollar.

The fairness opinion obtained by Family Dollar from its financial advisor will not reflect changes in circumstances between the date of the signing of the Dollar Tree merger agreement and the completion of the merger.

Family Dollar has obtained a fairness opinion, dated July 27, 2014, which has not been updated as of the date of this Annual report on Form 10-K, and will not be updated, revised, or reaffirmed at the time of the completion of the merger. In the opinion, judgments and assumptions were made by Family Dollar's financial advisor with regard to industry performance, general business, market and financial conditions and other matters, which are beyond the control of Family Dollar or Dollar Tree. These include, among other things, the impact of competition on the businesses of Family Dollar and Dollar Tree, the industry generally, industry growth, and the absence of any adverse material change in the financial condition and prospects of Family Dollar and Dollar Tree, the industry and in the financial markets in general, which could affect the public trading value of 

21

Family Dollar common stock and Dollar Tree common stock by the time the merger is completed. The fairness opinion does not address the fairness of the merger consideration, from a financial point of view, at the time the merger is completed or as of any date other than the date of the opinion nor the prices at which Family Dollar common stock or Dollar Tree common stock will trade at any time. 

Three lawsuits have been filed against Family Dollar, its directors, Dollar Tree and the merger subsidiary challenging the merger, and an adverse ruling in such lawsuits may prevent the merger from becoming effective or from becoming effective within the expected timeframe.

Family Dollar, its directors, Dollar Tree and the merger subsidiary are named as defendants in three putative class action lawsuits brought by purported Family Dollar stockholders challenging the pending merger, seeking, among other things, to enjoin consummation of the merger. One of the conditions to the completion of the merger is that no injunction by any court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction will be in effect that prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the merger. As such, if any of the plaintiffs are successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting the consummation of the merger, then such injunction may prevent the merger from becoming effective or from becoming effective within the expected timeframe. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

22