The
risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also may be adversely affected by risks not currently known or risks that we do not currently consider to be material.

General economic conditions could impact our business adversely in various respects. 

A further slowdown in the U.S. economy or other economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, such as employment levels,
inflation, business conditions, fuel and energy costs, consumer debt levels, lack of available credit, interest rates, and tax rates, may affect our business adversely by reducing overall consumer spending or by causing customers to shift their
spending to products other than those sold by us or to products sold by us that are less profitable than other product choices, all of which could result in lower net sales, decreases in inventory turnover or a reduction in profitability due to
lower margins. The current global economic uncertainty, the impact of recessions, and the potential for failures or realignments of financial institutions and the related impact on available credit may impact our suppliers, our landlords, our
customers and our operations in an adverse manner including, but not limited to, our inability to readily access liquid funds or credit, increases in the cost of credit, bankruptcy of our suppliers or landlords, and other impacts, which we are
currently unable to fully anticipate. At this time, we are unable to determine the impact on our customers and our business, if any, of programs adopted by the U.S. government to stabilize and support the economy. 

Our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases, inflation, and energy prices. 

Future increases in our costs such as the cost of merchandise, shipping rates, freight and fuel costs, and store occupancy costs may reduce
our profitability. These cost changes may be the result of inflationary pressure that would further reduce our sales or profitability. Increases in other operating costs including changes in energy prices, wage rates and lease and utility costs may
increase our costs of goods or operating expenses and reduce our profitability. For example, increases in the cost of diesel fuel will likely result in an increase in transportation costs, which will increase our overall operating costs and possibly
lower profitability. 

Our growth is dependent upon our ability to increase sales in existing stores and the success of our new store
opening program. 

Our growth is dependent on both increases in sales in existing stores and our ability to open profitable
new stores. Increases in sales in existing stores are dependent on factors such as competition, merchandise selection, store operations and customer satisfaction. If we fail to realize our goals of successfully managing our store operations and
increasing our customer retention and recruitment levels, our sales may not increase and our growth may be impacted adversely. Our ability to open profitable new stores depends on many factors including our ability to identify suitable markets and
sites for new stores, negotiate leases with acceptable terms, gain name recognition in the new markets and successfully compete against local competition, while managing expenses and costs. Unavailability of attractive store locations, delays in the
acquisition or opening of new stores, delays or costs associated with remodeling existing stores, delays or costs resulting from a decrease in commercial development due to capital constraints, difficulties in staffing and operating new store
locations, and lack of customer acceptance of stores in new market areas all may impact our new store growth negatively and the costs or the profitability associated with new or remodeled stores. 

11 

Table of Contents

We operate in a highly competitive environment and, as a result, we may not be able to compete
effectively or maintain or increase our sales, market share or margins, particularly if the prolonged global economic conditions intensify. 

We operate in the highly competitive discount retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors, some of which may have greater resources than us. We compete for customers, merchandise, real estate
locations and employees. This competitive environment subjects us to various risks, including the ability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain
our profitability. Price reductions by our competitors may result in the reduction of our prices and a corresponding reduction in our profitability. Consolidation in our retail sector, changes in pricing of merchandise, or offerings of other
services by competitors could have a negative impact on the relative attractiveness of our stores to consumers. Our ability to provide convenience in a small box retail format while offering attractive, competitively-priced products could be
impacted by various actions of our competitors that are beyond our control. See Item 1 — “Competition” for further discussion of our competitive position. 

We depend heavily on technology systems that support all aspects of our operations; the failure of existing or new technology to provide anticipated benefits could affect our anticipated results of
operations adversely. 

Our merchandising, finance, human resources, distribution and logistics and store operations
functions depend heavily upon the efficient operation of our technological resources. A failure in our information technology systems or controls could impact our operations negatively. In addition, we continuously upgrade our current technology or
install new technology. Our inability to implement in a timely manner such upgrades or installations, to train our employees effectively in the use of our technology, or to obtain the anticipated benefits of our technology, including technology
associated with our Project Accelerate initiative or our new store POS systems, could impact our operations or profitability adversely. 

If
we are unable to secure our customer’s confidential and credit card information, or other private data relating to our employees or the Company, we could be subject to bad publicity, costly government enforcement actions, or private litigation,
which would hurt our business reputation and materially affect our profitability. 

The protection of our customer,
employee, and company data is critical to us. We have procedures and technology in place to safeguard our customer’s debit and credit card information, our employee’s private data, and the Company’s records and intellectual property.
However, if we experience a data security breach of any kind, we could be exposed to negative publicity, government enforcement actions, private litigation and costly response measures. In addition, our reputation within the business community and
with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores, or stop shopping our stores altogether. This could cause us to lose market share to our competitors and have a
material adverse effect on our financial results. 

New accounting guidance or changes in the interpretation or application of existing
accounting guidance, or developments in legal or regulatory guidance could affect our financial performance adversely. 

New accounting guidance may require systems and other changes that could increase our operating costs and/or change our financial statements. For example, implementing future lease accounting guidance or converting to International
Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) could force us to make significant changes to our lease management system or other accounting systems, and could result in changes to our financial statements. 

Unanticipated changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting guidance could result in material charges or restatements
of our financial statements, which may further result in litigation or regulatory actions which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Changes or developments in legal or regulatory guidance
may impact our position in related litigation matters negatively. 

Changes in state or federal legislation or regulations, including the
effects of legislation and regulations on product safety, wage levels, employee rights, social welfare and entitlement programs, and changes in currency exchange rates, trade restrictions, tariffs, quotas and freight rates could increase our cost of
doing business. 

We are exposed to the risk that new federal or state legislation, particularly in new product safety laws
and regulations, may negatively impact our operations. For example, the Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 was signed into law in August 2008. The new legislation addresses a number of consumer product safety issues, including the
permissible levels of lead and phthalates in certain products. During fiscal 2009, we began removing certain products from our merchandise inventories in response to the new legislation. While we do not believe the new legislation will have a
material impact on our future operating results, the scope and impact of the new legislation is still being determined in the retail marketplace generally and future adjustments to our merchandise inventories as a result of such legislation could
impact our future operating results adversely. 

Any
additional changes in product safety legislation or regulations may lead to product recalls and the disposal or write off of merchandise inventories, as well as certain fines or penalties and reputational damage. Changes in federal or state wage
requirements, employee rights (including changes in the process for our employees to join a union), social welfare or entitlement programs such as health insurance, paid leave programs, or other changes in workplace regulation or tax rates could
adversely impact our ability to achieve our financial targets. Changes in trade restrictions, new tariffs and quotas, and higher shipping costs for goods also could impact our ability to achieve anticipated operating results adversely.

12 

Table of Contents

Product safety concerns could affect our sales and results of operations adversely. 

Various governmental authorities regulate the quality and safety of the products we sell in our stores. If our merchandise, including
food and consumable products, do not meet applicable governmental safety standards or our customers’ expectations regarding quality or safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and be exposed to legal and reputational risk. Our
inability to comply on a timely basis with regulatory requirements, or execute product recalls in a timely manner, could result in substantial fines or penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition,
negative customer perceptions regarding the safety of the products we sell could cause us to lose market share to our competitors. If this occurs, it may be difficult for us to regain lost sales. 

Any disruption in our ability to select, obtain and market merchandise attractive to customers at prices that allow us to profitably sell such
merchandise could impact our business negatively. 

We generally have been able to select and obtain sufficient quantities
of attractive merchandise at prices that allow us to profitably sell such merchandise. If we are unable to continue to select products that are attractive to our customers, to obtain such products at costs that allow us to sell such products at
a profit, or to market such products effectively to consumers, our sales or profitability could be affected adversely. 

Any
disruption in the supply or increase in pricing of such merchandise could further negatively impact our operations and results of operations. A significant amount of our merchandise is imported, and changes to the flow of these goods for any
reason could have an adverse impact on our operations. For example, because a substantial amount of our imported merchandise comes from China, a change in the Chinese currency or other policies could negatively impact our merchandise
costs. The United States and other countries have occasionally proposed and enacted protectionist trade legislation, which may result in changes in tariff structures and trade policies that could increase the cost of or reduce the availability
of certain merchandise. Any of these or other measures relating to suppliers and the countries in which they are located, some or all of which are beyond our control, can negatively impact our operations, increase costs, and lower our margins. Such
events or circumstances include, but are not limited to: 

•

 political and economic instability; 

•

 the financial instability and labor problems of suppliers; 

•

 the availability of raw materials; 

•

 merchandise quality issues; 

•

 currency exchange rates; and 

•

 transportation availability and cost. 

In addition, we are currently implementing global sourcing programs and vendor and product quality requirements that could negatively impact our ability to find qualified suppliers or their ability to
provide merchandise at attractive prices. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could affect our financial performance adversely. 

We are exposed to the risk of natural disasters, unusual weather, pandemic outbreaks, war and terrorism that could disrupt business and result in increased operating costs and capital expenditures.

Our headquarters, store locations and distribution centers, as well as certain of our vendors and customers, are located
in areas which could be subject to natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes, tornadoes or earthquakes. Adverse weather conditions or other extreme changes in the weather, including resulting electrical and technological failures, may disrupt our
business and may adversely affect our ability to sell and distribute products. In addition, we operate in markets that may be susceptible to pandemic outbreaks, war or terrorism. Our business may be harmed if our ability to sell and distribute
products is impacted by any such events, any of which could influence customer trends and purchases and may negatively impact our net sales, properties or operations. Such events could result in: physical damage to one or more of our