The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and capital investment and financing plans.  We also may be adversely affected by risks not currently known or risks that we do not currently consider to be material to our business.

Current economic conditions and other economic factors could adversely impact our business in various respects, including impacting our customer's disposable income or discretionary spending. 

A further slowdown in the U.S. economy, delayed economic recovery or other economic factors affecting disposable consumer income and discretionary spending, such as increased or sustained high unemployment or underemployment levels, delays in tax refunds, inflation, business conditions, increased costs of essential services including medical care and utilities, fuel and energy costs, consumer debt levels, lack of available credit, and higher interest rates and tax rates may affect our business adversely by reducing overall consumer spending and consumer discretionary spending. Changes in discretionary spending may cause customers to shift spending to products other than those sold by us or change the mix of products we sell to products that are less profitable and may result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns on inventory.

The current global economic uncertainty, the impact of recessions, the failure of Congress to approve budgets in a timely manner, and the potential for failures or realignments of financial institutions and the related impact on available credit may impact our suppliers, our landlords, and our operations in an adverse manner including, but not limited to, our inability to readily access liquid funds or credit, increases in the cost of credit, bankruptcy of our suppliers or landlords and other impacts, which we are currently unable to fully anticipate. 

Our plans depend significantly on initiatives designed to increase sales and improve the efficiencies, costs and effectiveness of our operations. Failure to achieve these plans could affect our performance adversely. 

Higher costs or any failure to achieve targeted results associated with the implementation of new programs or initiatives could adversely affect our results of operations. We are undertaking a variety of operating initiatives and infrastructure initiatives including, but not limited to, significant merchandise expansions, a comprehensive store renovation program, private brand expansion, and Global Sourcing initiatives. These changes may result in temporary disruptions to our business and negatively impact sales. Additionally, the failure to properly execute any of these initiatives or the failure to obtain the anticipated results of such initiatives could have an adverse impact on our future operating results.

We operate in a highly competitive environment and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively or maintain or increase our sales, market share or margins. 

We operate in the highly competitive discount retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors, some of which have greater resources than us. We compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and employees. This competitive environment subjects us to various risks, including the ability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. Price reductions by our competitors may result in the reduction of our prices and a corresponding reduction in our profitability. 

Consolidation in our retail sector, changes in pricing of merchandise or offerings of other services by competitors could have a negative impact on the relative attractiveness of our stores to consumers. Many of our large box competitors are or may be developing small box formats. A number of these smaller stores have opened and may produce more competition, particularly in urban markets. Our ability to provide convenience in a small box retail format while offering attractive, competitively-priced products could be impacted by various actions of our competitors that are beyond our control. See Item 1 - “Competition” for further discussion of our competitive position. 

Any disruption in our ability to select, obtain, distribute, and market merchandise attractive to customers at prices that allow us to profitably sell such merchandise could adversely impact our business.

We generally have been able to select and obtain sufficient quantities of attractive merchandise at prices that allow us to profitably sell such merchandise.  If we are unable to continue to acquire products attractive to our customers, to obtain such products at costs allowing us to sell such products at a profit, or to market such products effectively to consumers, our sales or profitability could be affected adversely. In addition, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences, expectations and needs. Failure to maintain 

9

Table of Contents

an attractive selection and to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer needs, preferences and spending patterns could adversely affect our relationship with customers, the demand for our products and our market share.

We have substantially increased the number of our private brand items, and the program is a sizable part of our future growth plans. We believe our success in maintaining broad market acceptance of our private brands depends on many factors, including pricing, our costs, quality and customer perception. We may not achieve or maintain our expected sales for our private brands and, as a result, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.

Inappropriate pricing of products may cause products to be less attractive to our customers. We continue to enhance our pricing capabilities to drive customer loyalty and have established a strategic pricing team to improve our value perception and to increase profitability. Inability to implement new pricing strategies could have a negative effect on our business.

Any disruption in the supply or increase in pricing of our merchandise could negatively impact our ability to achieve anticipated operating results. A significant amount of our merchandise is manufactured outside the United States, and changes in the prices and flow of these goods for any reason could have an adverse impact on our operations.  For example, because a substantial amount of our imported merchandise is manufactured in China, a change in the Chinese currency or other policies could negatively impact our merchandise costs.  The United States and other countries have occasionally proposed and enacted protectionist trade legislation, which may result in changes in tariff structures and trade policies and restrictions that could increase the cost of or reduce the availability of certain merchandise. Any of these or other measures or events relating to suppliers and the countries in which they are located, some or all of which are beyond our control, can negatively impact our operations, increase costs and reduce our profitability. 

In addition, we are currently enhancing our Global Sourcing program and have formed a wholly-owned subsidiary which acts as a trading company. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the United States. Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers, our access to products and our ability to transport those products could have an adverse effect on our financial performance.

Our growth is dependent upon our ability to increase sales in existing stores, the success of our new store opening program and our store renovation program.

Our growth is dependent on both increases in sales in existing stores and our ability to open profitable new stores.  Sales growth in existing stores is dependent upon factors including competition, merchandise selection, store operations, and customer satisfaction. Our ability to open profitable new stores is dependent upon factors including having available capital resources, identifying suitable locations for new stores, negotiating favorable leases and development agreements, competing against local competition, and gaining name recognition in new markets. Unavailability of attractive store locations, delays in acquisition or opening of new stores and delays or unexpected costs associated with remodeling and renovating existing stores may negatively impact new store growth and profitability of remodeled or renovated stores. Additionally, difficulties in staffing and operating both existing and new store locations and lack of customer acceptance of stores in new market areas or our renovated store design may impact our ability to increase sales. 

Our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases, inflation and energy prices. 

Future increases in our costs, such as the cost of merchandise, shipping rates, freight and fuel costs, and store occupancy costs, may reduce our profitability. These cost changes may be the result of inflationary pressures that could further reduce our sales or profitability. Increases in other operating costs, including changes in energy prices, wage rates and lease and utility costs, may increase our costs of sales or operating expenses and reduce our profitability. 

Our performance may be adversely impacted if we are not successful in managing our inventory balances.

Our inventory balance represented approximately 40% of our total assets as of August 31, 2013. Efficient inventory management is a key component of our business success and profitability. To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product mix to meet our customers' demands, without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs of storing and holding the goods adversely impact our financial results. If our buying decisions do not accurately predict customer trends or our expectations about customer spending levels are inaccurate, we may have to take 

10

Table of Contents

unanticipated markdowns to dispose of the excess inventory, which also can adversely impact our financial results. Additionally, we believe excess inventory levels in stores subjects us to the risk of increased inventory shrinkage. If we are not successful in managing our inventory balances and shrinkage, our results from operations and cash flows from operations may be negatively affected. 

We depend heavily on technology systems to support all aspects of our operations; the failure of existing or new technology to provide anticipated benefits could adversely affect our results of operations.

Our business depends heavily upon the efficient operation of our technological resources. A failure in our information technology systems or controls could negatively impact our operations. In addition, we continuously upgrade our current technology or install new technology. Our inability to implement in a timely manner such upgrades or installations, to train our employees effectively in the use of our technology, or to obtain the anticipated benefits of our technology could adversely impact our operations or profitability. 

Operational difficulties, including those associated with our ability to develop and operate our stores and distribution facilities, could adversely impact our business.

Our stores are decentralized and are managed through a network of geographically dispersed management personnel.  In addition, we rely upon our distribution and logistics network to provide goods to stores in a timely and cost-effective manner.  Any disruption, unanticipated expense or operational failure related to this process could impact our store operations negatively. We maintain a network of distribution facilities throughout our geographic territory and build new facilities to support our growth objectives. Delays in opening distribution facilities or stores could adversely affect our future operations by slowing the unit growth, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. Adverse changes in the cost of operating distribution facilities and stores, such as changes in labor, utility and other operating costs, could have an adverse impact on our financial performance. 

Changes in and our compliance with state or federal legislation or regulations could impact our operations. 

We employ more than 58,000 team members and are exposed to the risk of federal and state legislation, particularly related to our team members, which may negatively impact our operations. Changes in federal or state wage requirements, employee rights, health care, and social welfare or entitlement programs, such as health insurance, paid leave programs, or other changes in workplace regulation or tax laws, could adversely impact our ability to achieve our financial targets.  Changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, product safety, supply chain transparency or environmental could cause our expenses to increase. In 2010, Congress enacted comprehensive health care reform legislation which, among other things, includes guaranteed coverage requirements, eliminates pre-existing condition exclusions and annual and lifetime maximum limits, restricts the extent to which policies can be rescinded, and imposes new and significant taxes on health insurers and health care benefits. Due to the breadth and complexity of the health care reform legislation, the current lack of implementation regulations and interpretive guidance, and the phased-in nature of the implementation, it is difficult to predict the overall impact of the health care reform legislation on our business over the coming years. Adverse effects of the health care reform legislation include increased costs, exposure to expanded liability and new requirements for us to revise ways in which we conduct business. 

Our business is subject to federal, state, local and international laws, rules and regulations, such as wage and hour laws, anti-corruption laws, import and export laws, unclaimed property laws and many others. The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related cost of compliance are both increasing due to legal and regulatory requirements, increased enforcement and our ongoing expansion of our Global Sourcing operations. In addition, as a result of operating in multiple countries, we must comply with multiple foreign laws and regulations that may differ substantially from country to country and may conflict with corresponding U.S. laws and regulations. We may also be subject to investigations or audits by governmental authorities and regulatory agencies, which can occur in the ordinary course of business or which can result from increased scrutiny from a particular agency towards an industry, country or practice. If we fail to comply with laws, rules and regulations or the manner in which they are interpreted or applied, we may be subject to government enforcement action, class action litigation or other litigation, damage to our reputation, civil and criminal liability, damages, fines and penalties, and increased cost of regulatory compliance, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance.

We rely on suppliers, third-party distributors and carriers whose operations are outside our control; any failure by them to deliver products in a timely manner may damage our reputation and could cause us to lose customers. 

11

Table of Contents

We rely on arrangements with third-party distributors and carriers, such as independent shipping companies, for timely delivery of products to stores and distribution centers throughout the country. As a result of our reliance on third-party distributors and carriers, we are subject to carrier disruptions and increased costs due to factors beyond our control, including labor strikes, inclement weather, trade restrictions, and increased fuel costs. During fiscal 2013, we launched an exclusive six-year agreement with McLane, a large supply chain services company that serves as a principal distributor for a portion of our merchandise, including tobacco products and most refrigerated and frozen items. If the services of any of these third-parties become unsatisfactory, we may experience delays in meeting our customers' product demands and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement on a timely basis or on commercially reasonable terms. Any failure to deliver products in a timely manner may damage our reputation and could cause us to lose customers. 

Our largest supplier accounted for almost 9% of our merchandise purchases, and we distributed approximately 13% of our merchandise through our relationship with McLane. We have not experienced difficulty in obtaining sufficient quantities of core merchandise and believe, if one or more of our current sources of supply became unavailable, we would generally be able to obtain alternative sources without experiencing a substantial disruption of our business. However, such alternative sources could increase our merchandise costs and reduce the quality of our merchandise, and an inability to obtain alternative sources could adversely affect our sales.

Product and food safety concerns and the effects of legislation and regulations on product and food safety and quality could adversely affect our sales and results of operations.

Federal or state legislation and regulations regarding product and food quality and safety may negatively impact our operations. We may be subject to product liability claims from customers or actions required or penalties assessed by government agencies relating to products, including food products that are recalled, defective or otherwise alleged to be harmful. Such claims may result from tampering by unauthorized third-parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, storage, handling and transportation phases. All of our vendors and their products must comply with applicable product and food safety laws. Additionally, any changes in product safety or quality legislation or regulations may lead to product recalls and the disposal or write-off of merchandise inventories, as well as certain fines or penalties and reputational damage. Our inability to comply on a timely basis with regulatory requirements or to execute product recalls in a timely manner, could also result in substantial fines or penalties, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety of the products we sell could cause us to lose market share to our competitors. If this occurs, it may be difficult for us to regain lost sales.

Adverse impacts associated with legal proceedings and claims could negatively affect our business.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings which include employment, tort, real estate, commercial, and other litigation. Certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Nationally, the number of employment-related class actions filed each year has continued to increase, and recent changes and proposed changes in federal and state laws may cause claims to rise even more. We are currently a defendant in numerous employment cases containing class-action allegations, including those in which the plaintiffs have alleged violations of federal and state wage and hour laws. The cost to defend these class-action lawsuits may be significant. Plaintiffs in these types of cases may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Report for further details regarding certain of these pending matters.

If we are unable to secure our customers' confidential and credit card information, or other private data relating to our employees, suppliers or the Company, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation, which could damage our business reputation and adversely affect our profitability. 

The protection of our customer, employee and Company data is critical to us. We have procedures and technology in place to safeguard our customers' debit and credit card information, our employees' private data, suppliers' data, and the Company's records and intellectual property. Despite these measures, we may be vulnerable to, and unable to detect and appropriately respond to, data security breaches and data loss, including cyber-security attacks. If we experience a data security breach of any kind, we could be exposed to negative publicity, government enforcement actions, private litigation, or 

12

Table of Contents

costly response measures. In addition, our reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether. This could cause us to lose market share to our competitors and could have an adverse effect on our financial results.

Inability to attract and retain qualified employees, particularly field, store and distribution center managers, and to control labor costs, could adversely affect our business.

Our growth could be adversely impacted by our inability to attract and retain qualified employees at the store operations level, in distribution facilities, in sourcing offices, and at the corporate headquarters (the "Store Support Center") level, at costs which allow us to profitably conduct our operations. Various other factors, such as overall labor availability, wage rates, union organizing activity, regulatory or legislative impacts, and various benefit costs could all impact our ability to attract and retain employees negatively and may affect our results of operations adversely.  

Our success depends on our executive officers and other key personnel. If we lose key personnel or are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. 

Our future success depends to a significant degree on the skills, experience and efforts of our executive officers and other key personnel. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers could have an adverse effect on our operations and business continuity. Our future success will also depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, as a failure to attract these key personnel could have an adverse effect on our operations. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance policies with respect to our executive officers or key personnel. 

We are exposed to the risk of natural disasters, unusual weather, pandemic outbreaks, global political events, war, and terrorism which could disrupt business and result in lower sales, increased operating costs and capital expenditures.

Our Store Support Center, store locations, distribution centers and sourcing offices, as well as certain of our vendors and customers, are located in areas which could be subject to natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes, tornadoes or earthquakes. Adverse weather conditions or other extreme changes in the weather, including resulting electrical and technological failures, may disrupt our business and may adversely affect our ability to sell and distribute products. 

In addition, we operate in markets that may be susceptible to pandemic outbreaks, war, terrorist acts or disruptive global political events, such as civil unrest in countries in which our suppliers are located. Our business may be harmed if our ability to sell and distribute products is impacted by any such events, any of which could influence customer trends and purchases and may negatively impact our net sales, properties or operations.  Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of some or all of our stores, distribution centers, or sourcing offices, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, temporary or long-term disruption in the transport of goods, delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution centers or stores, disruption of our technology support or information systems, fuel shortages or dramatic increases in fuel prices, which increase the cost of doing business. Any of these factors, or combination thereof, could adversely affect our operations.

Our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial performance. 

We use a combination of third-party insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liability for workers' compensation, automobile and general liability, property, director and officers' liability, and employee health care benefits. Any actuarial projection of losses is subject to a high degree of variability. Changes in legal claims, trends and interpretations, variability in inflation rates, changes in the nature and method of claims settlement, benefit level changes due to changes in applicable laws, insolvency of insurance carriers, and changes in discount rates could all adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

Failure to comply with our debt covenants could adversely affect our capital resources, financial condition and liquidity.

Our debt agreements contain certain restrictive covenants, which impose various operating and financial restrictions on us. Such restrictions include, but are not limited to, a consolidated debt to consolidated capitalization ratio, a fixed charge coverage ratio, and a priority debt ratio. Our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements, as a result of one or more of the factors listed in this section, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in us having to repay our borrowings before their due dates. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or if we were to experience difficulty in refinancing the debt prior to maturity, our results of operations or financial 

13

Table of Contents

condition could be harmed. In addition, if we are in default under any of our existing or future debt facilities, we will be unable to borrow additional amounts under those facilities to the extent that they would otherwise be available. 

Our ability to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if needed, could be adversely affected by volatility in the capital markets.

We obtain and manage liquidity from the positive cash flow we generate from our operating activities and our access to capital markets, including our credit facilities with a consortium of banks. There is no assurance that our ability to obtain additional financing through the capital markets, if needed, will not be adversely impacted by economic conditions. Tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity and volatility in the capital markets could result in diminished availability of credit, higher cost of borrowing and lack of confidence in the equity market, making it more difficult to obtain additional financing on terms that are favorable to us. 

New accounting guidance or changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting guidance could adversely affect our financial performance.

New accounting guidance may require systems and other changes that could increase our operating costs and/or change our financial statements. For example, implementing future accounting guidance related to leases, contingencies and other areas impacted by the current convergence project between the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) and the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) could require us to make significant changes to our lease management system or other accounting systems and could result in changes to our financial statements.

Unanticipated changes in the interpretation or application of existing accounting guidance could result in material charges or restatements of our financial statements, which may further result in litigation or regulatory actions which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

14

Table of Contents