Our financial and operating results are subject to many risks and uncertainties, as described
below.

Our businesses depend on our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand. 
The FedEx brand
name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability and speed. FedEx is one of the most widely
recognized, trusted and respected brands in the world, and the FedEx brand is one of our most
important and valuable assets. In addition, we have a strong reputation among customers and the
general public for high standards of social and environmental responsibility and corporate
governance and ethics. The FedEx brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful sales and
marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse
publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our employees, contractors or agents
could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. Damage to our reputation and loss
of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources
to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.

Labor organizations attempt to organize groups of our employees from time to time, and potential
changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so. 
If we are unable to continue to
maintain good relationships with our employees and prevent labor organizations from organizing
groups of our employees, our operating costs could significantly increase and our operational
flexibility could be significantly reduced. Despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions,
other than the pilots of FedEx Express, all of our U.S. employees have thus far chosen not to
unionize. The U.S. Congress is considering adopting changes in labor laws, however, that would
make it easier for unions to organize small units of our employees. For example, in May 2009, the
U.S. House of Representatives passed the FAA Reauthorization Act, which includes a provision that
would remove most FedEx Express employees from the purview of the Railway Labor Act of 1926, as
amended (the “RLA”). For additional discussion of the RLA, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Regulation.” This labor provision was not in the version of
the bill passed in March 2010 by the U.S. Senate. Should the House version of the FAA
Reauthorization Act (or a similar bill removing FedEx Express from RLA jurisdiction) be passed by
the entire Congress and signed into law by the President, it could expose our customers to the type
of service disruptions that the RLA was designed to prevent — local work stoppages in key areas
that interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive, high-value goods throughout our
global network. Such disruptions could threaten our ability to provide competitively priced
shipping options and ready access to global markets. There is also the possibility that the U.S.
Congress could pass other labor legislation, such as the currently proposed Employee Free Choice
Act (the “EFCA”) (also called “card-check legislation”), that could adversely affect our companies, such as FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight, whose employees are
governed by the National Labor Relations Act of 1935, as amended (the “NLRA”). The EFCA would
amend the NLRA to substantially liberalize the procedures for union organization — for example, by
eliminating employees’ absolute right to a secret ballot vote in union elections. The EFCA could
also require imposition of an arbitrated initial contract that could include pay, benefit and work
rules that could adversely impact employers. Finally, changes to federal or state laws governing employee
classification could impact the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as independent
contractors.

-71-

Table of Contents

We rely heavily on technology to operate our transportation and business networks, and any
disruption to our technology infrastructure or the Internet could harm our operations and our
reputation among customers. 
Our ability to attract and retain customers and to compete effectively
depends in part upon the sophistication and reliability of our technology network, including our
ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers. Any disruption to the
Internet or our technology infrastructure, including those impacting our computer systems and Web
site, could adversely impact our customer service and our volumes and revenues and result in
increased costs. While we have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives
and disaster recovery plans, these measures cannot fully insulate us from technology disruptions
and the resulting adverse effect on our operations and financial results.

Our transportation businesses may be impacted by the price and availability of fuel. 
We must
purchase large quantities of fuel to operate our aircraft and vehicles, and the price and
availability of fuel can be unpredictable and beyond our control. To date, we have been mostly
successful in mitigating over time the expense impact of higher fuel costs through our indexed fuel
surcharges, as the amount of the surcharges is closely linked to the market prices for fuel. If we
are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges because of competitive pricing pressures or
some other reason, fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. Even if we are able to
offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges could move our customers,
especially in the U.S. domestic market, away from our higher-yielding express services to our
lower-yielding ground services or even reduce customer demand for our services altogether. These
effects were evident in the first quarter of 2009, as fuel prices reached all-time highs. In
addition, disruptions in the supply of fuel could have a negative impact on our ability to operate
our transportation networks.

Our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital expenditures based upon projected
volume levels. 
We make significant investments in aircraft, vehicles, technology, package handling
facilities, sort equipment, copy equipment and other assets to support our transportation and
business networks. We also make significant investments to rebrand, integrate and grow the
companies that we acquire. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors,
including our anticipated volume growth. For example, we must make commitments to purchase or
modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed. We must predict volume levels and
fleet requirements and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. Missing our
projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes.
Overcapacity could lead to asset dispositions or write-downs and undercapacity could negatively
impact service levels. For example, during 2009, as a result of excess aircraft capacity at FedEx
Express, we permanently removed certain aircraft and certain excess aircraft engines from service and
thus recorded a charge of $199 million.

We face intense competition, especially in the LTL freight industry. 
The transportation and
business services markets are both highly competitive and sensitive to price and service,
especially in periods of little or no macro-economic growth. Some of our competitors have more
financial resources than we do, or they are controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, which
enables them to raise capital more easily. We believe we compete effectively with these companies
— for example, by providing more reliable service at compensatory prices. However, our competitors
determine the charges for their services, and weak economic conditions have led to excess capacity
and a very competitive pricing environment, especially in the LTL freight industry. As a result,
the FedEx Freight segment experienced yield declines and operating losses during 2009 and 2010. An
irrational pricing environment can limit our ability not only to maintain or increase our prices
(including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs), but also to maintain or grow our
market share. In addition, maintaining a broad portfolio of services is important to keeping and
attracting customers. While we believe we compete effectively through our current service offerings, if our competitors offer a broader range of services or more
effectively bundle their services, it could impede our ability to maintain or grow our market
share.

-72-

Table of Contents

If we do not effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses, our financial
results and reputation may suffer. 
Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and
profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and to realize
the benefits we expect when we make those acquisitions. In furtherance of this strategy, during
2007 we acquired the LTL freight operations of Watkins Motor Lines (renamed FedEx National LTL) and
made strategic acquisitions in China, the United Kingdom and India. During 2004, we acquired
Kinko’s, Inc. (now known as FedEx Office). While we expect our past and future acquisitions to
enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our long-term profitability, there can be no
assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at
all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to these acquired businesses,
including their goodwill or other intangible assets. As an example, during 2008, 2009 and 2010, we
recorded aggregate charges of $1.8 billion for impairment of the value of the Kinko’s trade name
and portions of the goodwill recorded as a result of the FedEx Office and FedEx National LTL
acquisitions. These charges were necessary, among other reasons, because the recent and forecasted
financial performance of those companies did not meet our original expectations as a result of weak
economic conditions.

FedEx Ground relies on owner-operators to conduct its linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations,
and the status of these owner-operators as independent contractors, rather than employees, is being
challenged. 
FedEx Ground’s use of independent contractors is well suited to the needs of the
ground delivery business and its customers, as evidenced by the strong growth of this business
segment. We are involved in numerous lawsuits (including many that have been certified as class
actions) and state tax and other administrative proceedings that claim that the company’s
owner-operators or their drivers should be treated as our employees, rather than independent
contractors. We expect to incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending the status of
FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as independent contractors. We believe that FedEx Ground’s
owner-operators are properly classified as independent contractors and that FedEx Ground is not an
employer of the drivers of the company’s independent contractors. However, adverse determinations
in these matters could, among other things, entitle certain of our contractors and their drivers to
the reimbursement of certain expenses and to the benefit of wage-and-hour laws and result in
employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for FedEx Ground, and could result in changes
to the independent contractor status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators. If FedEx Ground is
compelled to convert its independent contractors to employees, labor organizations could more
easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially and we could incur
significant capital outlays.

Increased security requirements could impose substantial costs on us, especially at FedEx Express.

As a result of concerns about global terrorism and homeland security, governments around the world
are adopting or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase
operating costs for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. For example, in
July 2007, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration issued to us a Full All-Cargo Aircraft
Operator Standard Security Plan, which contained many new and enhanced security requirements.
These requirements are not static, but will change periodically as the result of regulatory and
legislative requirements, and to respond to evolving threats. Until these requirements are
adopted, we cannot determine the effect that these new rules will have on our cost structure or our
operating results. It is reasonably possible, however, that these rules or other future security
requirements could impose material costs on us.

The regulatory environment for global aviation rights may impact our air operations. 
Our extensive
air network is critical to our success. Our right to serve foreign points is subject to the
approval of the Department of Transportation and generally requires a bilateral agreement between
the United States and foreign governments. In addition, we must obtain the permission of foreign
governments to provide specific flights and services. Regulatory actions affecting global aviation
rights or a failure to obtain or maintain aviation rights in important international markets could
impair our ability to operate our air network.

-73-

Table of Contents

We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such
change. 
Concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to
significant U.S. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. For
example, during 2009, the European Commission approved the extension of the European Union
Emissions Trading Scheme (“ETS”) for GHG emissions, to the airline industry. Under this decision,
all FedEx Express flights to and from any airport in any member state of the European Union will be
covered by the ETS requirements beginning in 2012, and each year we will be required to submit
emission allowances in an amount equal to the carbon dioxide emissions from such flights. In
addition, the U.S. House of Representatives has passed and the Senate continues to consider a bill
that would regulate GHG emissions, and some form of federal climate change legislation is possible
in the relatively near future. Increased regulation regarding GHG emissions, especially aircraft
or diesel engine emissions, could impose substantial costs on us, especially at FedEx Express.
These costs include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital
costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. Until the
timing, scope and extent of such regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost
structure or our operating results. It is reasonably possible, however, that it could impose
material costs on us. Moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse
publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies in the airline and
transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services,
especially our air express services. Finally, given the broad and global scope of our operations
and our susceptibility to global macro-economic trends, we are particularly vulnerable to the
physical risks of climate change that could affect all of humankind, such as shifts in world
ecosystems.

We will soon be negotiating a new collective bargaining agreement with the union that represents
the pilots of FedEx Express. 
FedEx Express pilots are employed under a collective bargaining
agreement that becomes amendable on October 31, 2010. In accordance with applicable labor law, we
will continue to operate under our current agreement while we negotiate with our pilots. We cannot
predict the outcome of these negotiations. The terms of any new collective bargaining agreement
could increase our operating costs and adversely affect our ability to compete with other providers
of express delivery services. On the other hand, if we are unable to reach agreement on a new
collective bargaining agreement, we may be subject to a strike or work stoppages by our pilots,
subject to the requirements of the RLA. These actions could have a negative impact on our ability
to operate our express transportation network and ultimately cause us to lose customers.

We are also subject to risks and uncertainties that affect many other businesses, including:

 •

increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements and other legal mandates
for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare benefits;

 •

the impact of any international conflicts or terrorist activities on the United States and
global economies in general, the transportation industry or us in particular, and what effects
these events will have on our costs or the demand for our services;

 •

any impacts on our businesses resulting from new domestic or international government laws
and regulation;

 •

changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the euro, Chinese yuan, Canadian
dollar, British pound and Japanese yen, which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency
sales prices;

 •

market acceptance of our new service and growth initiatives;

 •

any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action litigation,
such as wage-and-hour and discrimination and retaliation claims, and any other legal
proceedings;

 •

the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services, and
our ability to continue to identify and eliminate unnecessary information technology
redundancy and complexity throughout the organization;

 •

adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, such as earthquakes, volcanoes, and
hurricanes, which can disrupt our electrical service, damage our property, disrupt our
operations, increase our fuel costs and adversely affect our shipment levels;

 •

widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public
health crisis; and

 •

availability of financing on terms acceptable to us and our ability to maintain our current
credit ratings, especially given the capital intensity of our operations.

-74-

Table of Contents

We are directly affected by the state of the economy. 
While the global, or macro-economic, risks
listed above apply to most companies, we are particularly vulnerable. The transportation industry
is highly cyclical and especially susceptible to trends in economic activity, such as the recent
global recession. Our primary business is to transport goods, so our business levels are directly
tied to the purchase and production of goods — key macro-economic measurements. When individuals
and companies purchase and produce fewer goods, we transport fewer goods. In addition, we have a
relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume
levels. Moreover, as we grow our international business, we are increasingly affected by the
health of the global economy. As a result, the recent global recession has had a
disproportionately negative impact on us and our recent financial results.