Our financial and operating results are subject to many risks and uncertainties, as described
below.

We are directly affected by the state of the economy. 
While macro-economic risks apply to most
companies, we are particularly vulnerable. The transportation industry is highly cyclical and
especially susceptible to trends in economic activity, such as the recent global recession. Our
primary business is to transport goods, so our business levels are directly tied to the purchase
and production of goods — key macro-economic measurements. When individuals and companies purchase
and produce fewer goods, we transport fewer goods. In addition, we have a relatively high
fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels.
Moreover, as we grow our international business, we are increasingly affected by the health of the
global economy. As a result, the recent global recession had a disproportionately negative impact
on us and our recent financial results.

71

Table of Contents

Our businesses depend on our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand. 
The FedEx brand
name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability and speed. FedEx is one of the most widely
recognized, trusted and respected brands in the world, and the FedEx brand is one of our most
important and valuable assets. In addition,
we have a strong reputation among customers and the general public for high standards of social and
environmental responsibility and corporate governance and ethics. The FedEx brand name and our
corporate reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to
promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities
by our employees, contractors or agents, such as noncompliance with anti-corruption laws, could
tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. Damage to our reputation and loss of
brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our financial
condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild
our reputation and restore the value of our brand.

We rely heavily on information and technology to operate our transportation and business networks,
and any disruption to our technology infrastructure or the Internet could harm our operations and
our reputation among customers. 
Our ability to attract and retain customers and to compete
effectively depends in part upon the sophistication and reliability of our technology network,
including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers. External
and internal risks, such as malware, insecure coding, “Acts of God,” attempts to penetrate our
networks, data leakage and human error, pose a direct threat to our products, services and data.
Any disruption to the Internet or our complex, global technology infrastructure, including those
impacting our computer systems and customer Web sites, could adversely impact our customer service,
volumes, and revenues and result in increased costs. These types of adverse impacts could also
occur in the event the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of company and customer
information was compromised due to a data loss by FedEx or a trusted third party. While we have
invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster
recovery plans, these measures cannot fully insulate us from technology disruptions or data loss
and the resulting adverse effect on our operations and financial results.

Our transportation businesses may be impacted by the price and availability of fuel. 
We must
purchase large quantities of fuel to operate our aircraft and vehicles, and the price and
availability of fuel can be unpredictable and beyond our control. To date, we have been mostly
successful in mitigating over time the expense impact of higher fuel costs through our indexed fuel
surcharges, as the amount of the surcharges is closely linked to the market prices for fuel. If we
are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges because of competitive pricing pressures or
some other reason, fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. Even if we are able to
offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges could move our customers,
especially in the U.S. domestic market, away from our higher-yielding express services to our
lower-yielding ground services or even reduce customer demand for our services altogether. In
addition, disruptions in the supply of fuel could have a negative impact on our ability to operate
our transportation networks.

Our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital expenditures based upon projected
volume levels. 
We make significant investments in aircraft, vehicles, technology, package handling
facilities, sort equipment, copy equipment and other assets to support our transportation and
business networks. We also make significant investments to rebrand, integrate and grow the
companies that we acquire. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors,
including our anticipated volume growth. For example, we must make commitments to purchase or
modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed. We must predict volume levels and
fleet requirements and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. Missing our
projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes.
Overcapacity could lead to asset dispositions or write-downs and undercapacity could negatively
impact service levels.

We face intense competition. 
The transportation and business services markets are both highly
competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no
macro-economic growth. Some of our competitors have more financial resources than we do, or they
are controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, which enables them to raise capital more
easily. We believe we compete effectively with these companies — for example, by providing more
reliable service at compensatory prices. However, an irrational pricing environment can limit our
ability not only to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to
rising fuel costs), but also to maintain or grow our market share. In addition, maintaining a
broad portfolio of services is important to keeping and attracting customers. While we believe we
compete effectively through our current service offerings, if our competitors offer a broader range
of services or more effectively bundle their services, it could impede our ability to maintain or
grow our market share.

72

Table of Contents

Labor organizations attempt to organize groups of our employees from time to time, and potential
changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so. 
If we are unable to continue to
maintain good relationships with our employees and prevent labor organizations from organizing
groups of our employees, our operating costs could significantly increase and our operational
flexibility could be significantly reduced. Despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions,
other than the pilots of FedEx Express, all of our U.S. employees have thus far chosen not to
unionize. The U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered adopting
changes in labor laws, however,
that would make it easier for unions to organize small units of our employees. For example, there
is always a possibility that Congress could remove most FedEx Express employees from the purview of
the Railway Labor Act of 1926, as amended (the “RLA”). For additional discussion of the RLA, see
Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report under the caption “Regulation.” Such legislation
could expose our customers to the type of service disruptions that the RLA was designed to prevent
— local work stoppages in key areas that interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive,
high-value goods throughout our global network. Such disruptions could threaten our ability to
provide competitively priced shipping options and ready access to global markets. There is also
the possibility that Congress could pass other labor legislation that could adversely affect our
companies, such as FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight, whose employees are governed by the National
Labor Relations Act of 1935, as amended (the “NLRA”). In addition, federal and state governmental
agencies, such as the National Labor Relations Board, have and may continue to take actions that
could make it easier for our employees to organize under the RLA or NLRA. Finally, changes to
federal or state laws governing employee classification could impact the status of FedEx Ground’s
owner-operators as independent contractors.

If we do not effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses, our financial
results and reputation may suffer. 
Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and
profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and to realize
the benefits we expect when we make those acquisitions. In furtherance of this strategy, we
recently made strategic moves in India and Mexico. While we expect our past and future
acquisitions to enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our long-term profitability,
there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have
established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to these acquired
businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets.

FedEx Ground relies on owner-operators to conduct its linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations,
and the status of these owner-operators as independent contractors, rather than employees, is being
challenged. 
FedEx Ground’s use of independent contractors is well suited to the needs of the
ground delivery business and its customers, as evidenced by the strong growth of this business
segment. We are involved in numerous lawsuits and state tax and other administrative proceedings
that claim that the company’s owner-operators or their drivers should be treated as our employees,
rather than independent contractors. We incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending
the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as independent contractors. We believe that FedEx
Ground’s owner-operators are properly classified as independent contractors and that FedEx Ground
is not an employer of the drivers of the company’s independent contractors. However, adverse
determinations in these matters could, among other things, entitle certain of our contractors and
their drivers to the reimbursement of certain expenses and to the benefit of wage-and-hour laws and
result in employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for FedEx Ground, and could result
in changes to the independent contractor status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators. If FedEx Ground
is compelled to convert its independent contractors to employees, labor organizations could more
easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially and we could incur
significant capital outlays.

Increased security or pilot safety requirements could impose substantial costs on us. 
As a result
of concerns about global terrorism and homeland security, governments around the world are adopting
or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase operating costs and
potentially slow service for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. For
example, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration has issued to us a Full All-Cargo Aircraft
Operator Standard Security Plan, which contains many new and enhanced security requirements. These
requirements are not static, but will change periodically as the result of regulatory and
legislative requirements, and to respond to evolving threats. The Federal Aviation Administration,
in September 2010, proposed rules that would significantly reduce the maximum number of hours on
duty and increase the minimum amount of rest time for our pilots, and thus require us to hire
additional pilots
and modify certain of our aircraft. Until these requirements are adopted, we cannot determine the
effect that these new rules will have on our cost structure or our operating results. It is
reasonably possible, however, that these rules or other future security or flight safety
requirements could impose material costs on us.

73

Table of Contents

The regulatory environment for global aviation or other transportation rights may impact our
operations. 
Our extensive air network is critical to our success. Our right to serve foreign
points is subject to the approval of the Department of Transportation and generally requires a
bilateral agreement between the United States and foreign governments. In addition, we must obtain
the permission of foreign governments to provide specific flights and services. Our operations
outside of the United States, such as FedEx Express’s growing international domestic operations,
are also subject to current and potential regulations that restrict, and sometimes prohibit, our
ability to compete in parts of the transportation and logistics market. As an example, the Chinese
government has adopted postal regulations that exclude foreign-owned companies such as FedEx
from competing in the mainland China domestic document delivery market. Regulatory actions
affecting global aviation or transportation rights or a failure to obtain or maintain aviation or
other transportation rights in important international markets could impair our ability to operate
our networks.

We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such
change. 
Concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to
significant U.S. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas
(“GHG”) emissions. For example, during 2009, the European Commission approved the extension of the
European Union Emissions Trading Scheme (“ETS”) for GHG emissions, to the airline industry. Under
this decision, all FedEx Express flights to and from any airport in any member state of the
European Union will be covered by the ETS requirements beginning in 2012, and each year we will be
required to submit emission allowances in an amount equal to the carbon dioxide emissions from such
flights. In addition, the U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered bills that would regulate GHG
emissions, and some form of federal climate change legislation is possible in the future.
Increased regulation regarding GHG emissions, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, could
impose substantial costs on us, especially at FedEx Express. These costs include an increase in
the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or
replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. Until the timing, scope and extent of such
regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating
results. It is reasonably possible, however, that it could impose material costs on us. Moreover,
even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global
marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could
harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air express
services. Finally, given the broad and global scope of our operations and our susceptibility to
global macro-economic trends, we are particularly vulnerable to the physical risks of climate
change that could affect all of humankind, such as shifts in world ecosystems.

A localized disaster in a key geography could adversely impact our business. 
While we operate
several integrated networks with assets distributed throughout the world, there are concentrations
of key assets within our networks that are exposed to localized risks from natural or manmade
disasters such as tornados, floods, earthquakes or terrorist attacks. The loss of a key location
such as our Memphis super hub or one of our information technology centers could cause a
significant disruption to our operations and cause us to incur significant costs to relocate or
reestablish these functions. Moreover, resulting economic dislocations, including supply chain and
fuel disruptions, could adversely impact demand for our services.

74

Table of Contents

We are also subject to other risks and uncertainties that affect many other businesses, including:

 •

increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements and other legal mandates
for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare benefits;

 •

the increasing costs of compliance with federal and state governmental agency mandates and
defending against inappropriate or unjustified enforcement or other actions by such agencies;

 •

the impact of any international conflicts or terrorist activities on the United States and
global economies in general, the transportation industry or us in particular, and what effects
these events will have on our costs or the demand for our services;

 •

any impacts on our businesses resulting from new domestic or international government laws
and regulation;

 •

changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the euro, Chinese yuan, Canadian
dollar, British pound and Japanese yen, which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency
sales prices;

 •

market acceptance of our new service and growth initiatives;

 •

any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action litigation,
such as wage-and-hour, discrimination and retaliation claims, and any other legal
proceedings;

 •

the outcome of future negotiations to reach new collective
bargaining agreements — including with the union that represents the pilots of FedEx Express (the current pilot contract
is scheduled to become amendable in March 2013 unless the union exercises its option to
shorten the contract, in which case the agreement would be amendable in March 2012);

 •

the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services, and
our ability to continue to identify and eliminate unnecessary information technology
redundancy and complexity throughout the organization;

 •

widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public
health crisis; and

 •

availability of financing on terms acceptable to us and our ability to maintain our current
credit ratings, especially given the capital intensity of our operations.