A wide range of factors could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, access to sources of liquidity and the price of our common stock. The most significant of these factors include the following:

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected, and we expect will continue to adversely affect, our business, results of operations and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. 
Due to the crucial role we play in moving supply chains and delivering critical relief, we are considered an essential business and we continue to operate under and respond to evolving state-of-emergency and stay-at-home orders issued in the U.S. and globally. 
The disruption of global supply chains and the global economy has materially affected our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
We expect the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the extent of its effect on our financial condition and results of operations, to be dictated by future developments which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as its duration and spread, the success of efforts to contain it, the possibility of subsequent widespread outbreaks, and the impact of actions taken in response. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and we expect will continue to have, certain negative impacts on our business, including, but not limited to, the following: 

•

The COVID-19 pandemic has had a rapid and significant negative impact on the global economy. The disruption of global supply chains, interruption in economic activity, preventative measures taken to alleviate the pandemic (such as stay-at-home orders and other responsive measures), and increased economic uncertainty caused by the pandemic have resulted in increased global economic weakness of an unknown duration. Deteriorating global economic conditions have reduced business-to-business demand across all of our transportation businesses. The various stay-at-home orders and shut down of commercial activities in major markets around the world has also led to unprecedented demand for residential delivery services, rivaling our peak holiday season traffic. We incurred increased costs associated with this demand and lower composite yields than our typical service mix, which negatively impacted our results of operations during 2020. Prolonged economic weakness, including an extended period of elevated levels of unemployment in the U.S., could further reduce discretionary consumer spending and consumer confidence, which could have a further adverse effect on our results of operations. 

•

We have made significant operational adjustments to align our services with shipping volumes and operating conditions and to comply with evolving governmental orders, rules and regulations. As a result, we are incurring additional operating expenses as we adjust to dramatically changed and continuously evolving market dynamics and operating conditions, and we may continue to incur similar expenses in the future. Additionally, we have reduced planned 2021 capital expenditures by decreasing planned spending on vehicles and trailers, delaying facility expansions and postponing certain information technology initiatives. The COVID-19 pandemic has also delayed completion of capital improvements and certain other initiatives in Europe related to the integration of TNT Express. If we are unable to remain agile and continue to flex our networks to align with shipping volumes, customer needs, market demands and operating conditions, or are unable to continuously respond to evolving governmental policies for the duration of a prolonged period of economic recovery, our business operations could be negatively impacted, which could have a further adverse effect on our results of operations.  

- 88 -

•

We rely on a global workforce and our business demands we take measures to protect the health and safety of our team members, customers and others with whom we do business, while continuing to effectively manage our employees and maintain business operations. We have taken additional measures and incurred additional expenses to protect the health and safety of our team members and the public, and continue to work with customers to accommodate special requests around modified store hours, closings, and delivery alternatives to comply with applicable government restrictions and safety guidance. Due to the size, scope and geographically dispersed nature of our operations, the expenses we incur to protect the health and safety of certain of our employees may be higher than similar expenses incurred by companies in other industries. Additionally, our business operations may be disrupted if a significant portion of our workforce is unable to work safely and effectively due to illness, quarantines, government actions, or other restrictions or measures responsive to the pandemic, or if members of senior management or our Board of Directors are unable to perform their duties for an extended period of time. Measures taken across our business operations to address health and safety may not be sufficient to prevent the spread of COVID-19 among our team members, customers and others. Therefore, we could face operational disruptions and incur additional expenses, including devoting additional resources to assisting employees diagnosed with COVID-19 and further changing health and safety protocols and processes, that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

•

A significant number of our employees as well as customers and others with whom we do business continue to work remotely in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our business operations may be disrupted, and we may experience increased risk of adverse effects to our business, if a significant portion of our workforce or certain business operations are negatively impacted as a result of remote work arrangements, including due to cyber risks or other disruption to our technology infrastructure. Further, if our FedEx Express Memphis World Hub or another key operating facility experiences closures or worker shortages as a result of COVID-19, whether temporary or sustained, our business operations would be significantly disrupted.   

•

Cost management and various cost-containment actions implemented across our business in response to the COVID-19 pandemic could hinder execution of our business strategy, including deferral of planned capital projects. These actions could result in increased costs to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics, and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. For additional discussion, see Part 1, Item 1 of this Annual Report under the caption “Strategy.”

•

We cannot be certain that loss or delay in the collection of accounts receivable will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For additional discussion, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Financial Condition—Liquidity Outlook.”

To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks described in this section, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Such risks include, but are not limited to, additional changes in international trade policies and relations; our ability to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of FedEx Express and TNT Express in the expected time frame and at the expected cost; 
our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand
; our ability to manage our capital intensive businesses; changes to the business and financial soundness of the 
U.S. Postal Service (“USPS”)
; workforce availability; employee healthcare benefit costs; constraints, volatility or disruption in the capital markets and our ability to access sources of financing and liquidity; and the impact of litigation or claims from customers, team members, suppliers, regulators or other third parties relating to the COVID-19 pandemic or our actions in response to the pandemic.

We are directly affected by the state of the economy and anti-trade measures. While macroeconomic risks apply to most companies, we are particularly vulnerable. The transportation industry is highly cyclical and especially susceptible to trends in economic activity. Our primary business is to transport goods, so our business levels are directly tied to the purchase and production of goods — key macroeconomic measurements. When individuals and companies purchase and produce fewer goods, we transport fewer goods, and as companies expand the number of distribution centers and move manufacturing closer to consumer markets, we transport goods shorter distances. In addition, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels. Moreover, as we continue to grow our international business, we are increasingly affected by the health of the global economy, the rate of growth of global trade, world trade policies, international taxes, government-to-government relations and the typically more volatile economies of emerging markets. For instance, anti-trade and protectionist measures adopted by the U.S. or other countries in which we do business, such as trade controls, tariffs, quotas, embargoes, sanctions, or retaliation by another country against such measures, could result in economic uncertainty and instability, resulting in fewer goods being transported globally. In 2020, we saw a customer preference for slower, less costly shipping services. Additionally, during 2020 weakness in the global economy adversely affected our results of operations, and we expect such weakness to continue to be present during 2021. 

- 89 -

A significant data breach or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our operations and result in the loss of critical confidential information, adversely impacting our reputation, business or results of operations. 
Our ability to attract and retain customers, to efficiently operate our businesses, and to compete effectively depends in part upon the sophistication
, security
 and reliability of our technology network
,

including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers, to protect our confidential business information and the information provided by our customers, and to maintain customer confidence in our ability to protect our systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations. For example, we rely on information technology to receive package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, to track items that move through our delivery systems, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. We are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and operational disruptions, including through cyberattack or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, cyber terrorists, cyber criminals and malicious employees or other insiders. Data breaches of companies and governments have increased in recent years as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased and we, our customers and third parties increasingly store and transmit data by means of connected information technology systems. Additionally, risks such as code anomalies, “Acts of God,” transitional challenges in migrating operating company functionality to our FedEx enterprise automation platform
s
, data leakage, cyber-fraud and human error pose a direct threat to our products, services
, systems
 and data and could result in unauthorized or block legitimate access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees, and suppliers, including personal information. The technology infrastructure of acquired businesses, as well as their practices related to the use and maintenance of data, could also present issues that we were not able to identify prior to the acquisition.

We also depend on and interact with the technology and systems of third parties, including our customers and third-party service providers such as cloud service providers and delivery services. Such third parties may host, process or have access to information we maintain about our company, customers, employees and vendors or operate systems that are critical to our business operations and services. Like us, these third parties are subject to risks imposed by data breaches, cyberattacks and other events or actions that could damage, disrupt or close down their networks or systems. We have security processes, protocols and standards in place, including contractual provisions requiring such security measures, that are applicable to such third parties and are designed to protect information that is held by them, or to which they have access, as a result of their engagements with us. Nevertheless, a cyberattack could defeat one or more of such third parties’ security measures, allowing an attacker to obtain information about our company, customers, employees and vendors or disrupt our operations. These third parties may also experience operational disruptions or human error that could result in unauthorized access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees and suppliers, including personal information.

A disruption to our complex, global technology infrastructure, including those impacting our computer systems and websites, could result in the loss of confidential business or customer information, require substantial repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs, and lead to the temporary or permanent transfer by customers of some or all of their business to our competitors. The foregoing could harm our reputation and adversely impact our operations, customer service and results of operations. Additionally, a security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created. These types of adverse impacts could also occur in the event the confidentiality, integrity or availability of company and customer information was compromised due to a data loss by FedEx or a trusted third party. We or the third parties with which we share information may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach occurs. 

Recently, there has also been heightened regulatory and enforcement focus on data protection in the U.S. (at both the state and federal level) and abroad, and an actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign data protection regulations or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation (including, in some instances, class action litigation), fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could harm our reputation and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. This regulatory environment is increasingly challenging and may present material obligations and risks to our business, including significantly expanded compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. For example, the European Union’s (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which became effective in May 2018, greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of EU law and adds a broad array of requirements related to personal data, including individual notice and opt-out preferences and the public disclosure of significant data breaches. Additionally, violations of the GDPR can result in fines of as much as 4% of a company’s annual revenue. Other governments have enacted or are enacting similar data protection laws, including data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements, as well as the uncertain interpretation and enforcement of laws, impose significant costs and regulatory risks that are likely to increase over time.

- 90 -

We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information-technology risk management
, business continuity
 and disaster recovery plans, including investments to retire and replace end-of-life systems. The development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly more 
frequent, 
intense and sophisticated. Despite our efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches, technology disruptions, data loss and cyber-fraud, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. For instance, in June 2017 TNT Express worldwide operations were significantly affected due to the infiltration of an information-technology virus known as NotPetya. In May 2017 FedEx was one of many companies attacked by the rapidly spreading ransomware described as WannaCry that exploited vulnerability in a third-party software program and infected computers using that program, encrypting files and holding them for ransom. During the third quarter of 2018, we discovered an unsecured server hosted by one of our third-party cloud service providers, which exposed some archived account information related to a service discontinued after our 2015 acquisition of Bongo International, LLC. The server has been secured, and we have found no indication that any information has been misappropriated in connection with the incident
. 
Additionally, during 2020, we experienced continual attempts by cyber criminals, some of which were successful, to gain access to customer accounts for the purposes of fraudulently diverting and misappropriating items being transported in our network.

None of the WannaCry ransomware attack, unsecured server or 2020 fraudulent cyber activities caused a material disruption to our systems or resulted in any material costs to FedEx. 

While we have significant security processes and initiatives in place, we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach or disruption in the future. Additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. 

Additional changes in international trade policies and relations could significantly reduce the volume of goods transported globally and adversely affect our business and results of operations. The U.S. government has made significant changes in U.S. trade policy and has taken certain actions that have negatively impacted U.S. trade, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the United States. To date, several governments, including the EU, China and India, have imposed tariffs on certain goods imported from the United States. These actions contributed to weakness in the global economy that adversely affected our results of operations during fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020, and we expect such weakness to continue to be present during fiscal 2021. Any further changes in U.S. or international trade policy could trigger additional retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in “trade wars” and further increased costs for goods transported globally, which may reduce customer demand for these products if the parties having to pay those tariffs increase their prices, or in trading partners limiting their trade with countries that impose anti-trade measures. Political uncertainty surrounding international trade and other disputes could also have a negative effect on business and consumer confidence and spending. Such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common 
stock.

Additionally, the U.S. government has taken action to limit the ability of domestic companies to engage in commerce with certain foreign entities under certain circumstances, and foreign governments may investigate our compliance with these restrictions. For example, the China State Post Bureau is currently conducting an investigation into the operations of FedEx Express regarding its handling of certain packages while attempting to comply with the EARs. Furthermore, given the nature of our business and our global recognizability, foreign governments may target FedEx by limiting the ability of foreign entities to do business with us in certain instances, imposing monetary or other penalties or taking other retaliatory action, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common stock. For additional discussion, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Other Business Matters.”

The failure to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of FedEx Express and TNT Express in the expected time frame and at the expected cost may adversely affect our future results. Prior to FedEx’s acquisition of TNT Express in 2016, FedEx Express and TNT Express operated as independent companies. There can be no assurances that these businesses can be integrated successfully. Expected integration costs have increased significantly since the acquisition was completed, and parts of the integration have taken longer than initially expected. It is possible that the integration process could result in higher than currently expected integration costs, the loss of customers, the disruption of ongoing businesses, unexpected integration issues, or the loss of key historical FedEx Express or TNT Express employees. It is also possible that the overall integration process will take longer than currently anticipated.

- 91 -

Specifically, the following issues, among others, must be addressed as we integrate the operations of FedEx Express and TNT Express in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction:

•

combining the companies’ physical networks and operations, including integration of the companies’ linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations and air networks, and corporate functions; 

•

combining the businesses of FedEx Express and TNT Express and meeting the capital requirements of the combination in a manner that permits us to achieve the operating and financial results we anticipated from the acquisition, the failure of which could result in the anticipated benefits of the transaction not being realized in the time frame currently anticipated, or at all; 

•

integrating and consolidating the companies’ administrative and information-technology infrastructure and computer systems, and modernizing certain TNT Express systems which suffered from underinvestment prior to the acquisition; 

•

integrating and restructuring the corporate entities;

•

integrating workforces and consulting with works councils and employee representatives while continuing to provide consistent, high-quality service to customers; 

•

integrating and unifying the offerings and services available to historical FedEx Express and TNT Express customers; 

•

harmonizing the companies’ operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, integrity and compliance programs, terms and conditions of contracts of carriage, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes; 

•

integrating the companies’ financial reporting and internal control systems; 

•

maintaining existing agreements with customers and service providers and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers and service providers; 

•

addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; 

•

addressing employee social issues so as to maintain efficient and effective labor and employee relations; 

•

coordinating rebranding and marketing efforts; 

•

managing the movement of certain positions to different locations; 

•

managing potential unknown and unidentified liabilities, including liabilities that are significantly larger than currently anticipated, and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the integration process; and 

•

managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger, more complex company. 

All of these factors could adversely affect FedEx’s results of operations, delay or decrease the expected accretive effect of the acquisition and negatively impact the price of our common stock. The expected financial benefits of the acquisition may also be delayed or decreased by reductions in our base business levels due to the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and economic weakness in Europe or other factors. In addition, at times the attention of certain members of our management may be focused on the integration of the businesses of FedEx Express and TNT Express and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt our business. Further, we may not achieve the expected financial benefits from any costs incurred in addition to our integration program expenses related to investments to further transform and optimize the combined businesses and FedEx Express’s international business. 

- 92 -

Failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics will cause our future financial results to suffer. 
We are making significant investments and other decisions in connection with our long-term business strategy which includes our ability to meet the demands of e-commerce, such as aircraft fleet modernization and hub modernization and expansion at FedEx Express
,
 expansion of FedEx Ground residential delivery operations to seven days per week year-round
,

the integration of FedEx SmartPost packages into the standard FedEx Ground operations, 
last-mile residential delivery optimization and autonomous delivery
. 
We are also implementing various cost-containment actions, including limited hiring and discretionary spending.

Such initiatives and enhancements may require us to make significant capital expenditures. 
We have also incurred, and may continue to incur, increased operating expenses in connection with certain changes to our business strategy. 
Additionally, in developing our business strategy, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to customer demand and the mix of services to be purchased by our customers, competition and the global economy; and actual market, economic and other conditions may be different from our assumptions. As technology, customer behavior and market conditions continue to evolve, it is important that we maintain the relevance of our brand and service offerings to our customers. If we are not able to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics, our future financial results will suffer.

For additional discussion, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report under the caption “Strategy.”

Our businesses depend on our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand. The FedEx brand name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability and speed. FedEx is one of the most widely recognized, trusted and respected brands in the world, and the FedEx brand is one of our most important and valuable assets. In addition, we have a strong reputation among customers and the general public for high standards of social and environmental responsibility and corporate governance and ethics. The FedEx brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our team members or others with whom we do business, such as customer service mishaps, accidents, catastrophes or incidents involving aircraft or vehicles operated by us, data breaches or technology infrastructure disruptions, noncompliance with laws or the shipment of certain items pursuant to our obligation as a common carrier operating under federal law, could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. With the increase in the use of social media outlets such as Facebook, YouTube, Instagram and Twitter, adverse publicity can be disseminated quickly and broadly, making it increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand. 

Our failure to retain or attract employee talent or maintain our company culture could adversely impact our business. Our success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our high-quality employees, many of whom are longstanding FedEx team members. Difficulties in motivating, rewarding, retaining and recruiting employee talent, including successors to members of senior management, or the unexpected loss of such individuals resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, reputation and the price of our common stock. Additionally, our company culture is important to providing high-quality customer service and having a productive workforce and could be adversely affected by our growing operations and other factors. If we fail to maintain the strength of our company culture, our competitive ability and our business may be harmed.

The United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. On January 31, 2020, the United Kingdom left the EU (“Brexit”). The United Kingdom and EU are now in a transitional period during which the United Kingdom will maintain access to the EU single market and to the global trade deals negotiated by the EU on behalf of its members, and remain subject to EU law, until December 31, 2020. 

The uncertainty regarding the status of Brexit has negatively impacted the United Kingdom’s and the EU’s economies. This negative impact will likely continue until the United Kingdom and EU reach and implement a definitive resolution on their future trading relationship. Any additional impact of Brexit will depend on the terms of such resolution. Even if the United Kingdom maintains access to the EU single market and trade deals following the transition period, Brexit could result in further economic downturn globally. If the United Kingdom ultimately loses access to the EU single market and trade deals, significant market and economic disruption would likely occur, our customer experience, service quality and international operations would likely be negatively impacted, and the demand for our services could be depressed. 

Additionally, we may face new regulations regarding trade, aviation, tax, security and employees, among others, in the United Kingdom. Compliance with such regulations could be costly, negatively impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition. Brexit could also adversely affect European and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the euro and the British pound.

- 93 -

Our transportation businesses are impacted by the price and availability of jet and vehicle fuel.
 We must purchase large quantities of fuel to operate our aircraft and vehicles, and the price and availability of fuel is beyond our control and can be highly volatile. In addition, our purchased transportation expense may be impacted by fuel costs. To date, we have been mostly successful in mitigating over time the expense impact of higher fuel costs through our indexed fuel surcharges, as the amount of the surcharges is closely linked to the market prices for fuel. If we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges because of competitive pricing pressures or some other reason, fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. 
As of May 31, 2020, we had no derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fuel price fluctuations
. 
Even if we are able to offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges could move our customers away from our higher-yielding express services to our lower-yielding deferred or ground services or even reduce customer demand for our services altogether. In addition, disruptions in the supply of fuel could have a negative impact on our ability to operate our transportation networks. Weather-related events, natural disasters, political disruptions or wars involving oil-producing countries, economic sanctions imposed against oil-producing countries or specific industry participants, changes in governmental policy concerning fuel production, transportation, taxes or marketing, changes in refining capacity, environmental concerns and other unpredictable events may impact fuel supply and could result in shortages in the future.

Our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital decisions based upon projected volume levels. We make significant investments in aircraft, package handling facilities, vehicles, technology, sort equipment and other assets to support our transportation and business networks. We also make significant investments to rebrand, integrate and grow the companies that we acquire. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including our anticipated volume growth. We must make commitments to purchase or modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed. We must predict volume levels and fleet requirements and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. Missing our projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes. Overcapacity could lead to below-market asset dispositions or write-downs, as well as negatively impact operating margins, and undercapacity could negatively impact service levels. 

We face intense competition. The transportation and business services markets are both highly competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no macroeconomic growth. Some of our competitors have more financial resources and competitive advantages than we do, appear willing to operate at little or no margin to gain market share, or they are owned, controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, which enables them to raise capital more easily. We also compete with regional transportation providers that operate smaller and less capital-intensive transportation networks and startup companies that combine technology with crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. In addition, some high-volume package shippers are developing and implementing in-house delivery capabilities and utilizing independent contractors for deliveries, which could in turn reduce our revenues and market share. For example, Amazon.com is investing significant capital to establish a network of hubs, aircraft and vehicles. 

We believe we compete effectively with these companies — for example, by providing more reliable service at compensatory prices. However, the existence of an irrational pricing environment could limit our ability not only to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs), but also to maintain or grow our revenues and market share. While we believe we compete effectively through our current and planned service offerings, if our current competitors or potential future competitors offer a broader range of services, more effectively bundle their services, or offer services at lower prices, it could impede our ability to maintain or grow our market share. Moreover, if high-volume package shippers further develop or expand internal capabilities for the services we provide, it may reduce our revenue and could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. News regarding such developments or expansions could also negatively impact the price of our common stock. Additionally, advancements in technology, such as advanced safety systems; automated package sorting, handling and delivery; autonomous delivery; vehicle platooning; alternative fuel vehicles; and digitization of freight services, may necessitate that we increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher rates to cover the cost of these investments.

Government regulation and enforcement are evolving and unfavorable changes could harm our business. We are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. regulations, laws, and policies. There can be no assurance that such regulations, laws and policies will not be changed in ways that will decrease the demand for our services, subject us to escalating costs or require us to modify our business models and objectives, harming our financial results. In particular, legislative, regulatory or other actions that U.S. and non-U.S. governments have undertaken or are considering in areas such as data privacy and sovereignty, taxes, foreign exchange intervention in response to currency volatility, currency controls that could restrict the movement of liquidity from particular jurisdictions, trade controls, tariffs, quotas, embargoes or sanctions in the U.S. or other countries, complex economic sanctions, export controls, additional security requirements, additional requirements on employees (including our pilots) and benefits, environmental standards, tax reform and accounting may have an adverse effect on our operations, liquidity, capital requirements, effective tax rate and performance. For additional discussion, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report under the caption “Regulation.”

- 94 -

We could be subject to adverse changes in regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions.
 We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. From time to time, changes in tax laws or regulations may be enacted that could significantly affect our overall tax liability. 
S
uch changes may
 require 
new and 
complex computations to be performed, significant judgments, estimates and calculations to be made, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced.

Standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of certain tax laws and regulations will be applied or otherwise administered that is different from our interpretation and we may be required to make adjustments to amounts that we have recorded that may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. For example, in January 2019, the U.S. Treasury Department issued final regulations covering the one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings, which was enacted as part of the TCJA. Certain guidance included in these final regulations is inconsistent with our interpretation that led to the recognition of benefits of $233 million. If we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position with respect to our interpretation of the TCJA, we may be required to reverse these benefits. 

If we do not successfully execute or effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses, our financial results and reputation may suffer. Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and to realize the benefits we expect when we make those acquisitions. In furtherance of this strategy, in addition to TNT Express, we have acquired businesses in Europe, Latin America, Africa, the U.S., Asia and Australia over the past several years. Acquisitions involve special accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology, human resources, cultural and other risks. While we expect our past and future acquisitions to enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to these acquired businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets. For example, in 2020 we incurred a goodwill impairment charge of $358 million related to FedEx Office and FedEx Supply Chain, eliminating all of the goodwill attributable to these reporting units. For additional information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Results of Operations and Outlook—Consolidated Results—Goodwill and Other Asset Impairment Charges.”

Labor organizations attempt to organize groups of our employees from time to time, and potential changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so. If we are unable to continue to maintain good relationships with our employees and avoid having labor organizations organize groups of our employees, our operating costs could significantly increase and our operational flexibility could be significantly reduced. Despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions, other than the pilots at FedEx Express and drivers at one FedEx Freight, Inc. facility, our U.S. employees have thus far chosen not to unionize (we acquired FedEx Supply Chain in 2015, which already had a small number of employees who are members of unions). Additionally, certain of FedEx Express’s non-U.S. employees are unionized. 

The U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered adopting changes in labor laws, however, that would make it easier for unions to organize units of our employees. For example, there is always a possibility that Congress could remove most FedEx Express employees from the jurisdiction of the Railway Labor Act of 1926, as amended (the “RLA”). For additional discussion of the RLA, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report under the caption “Regulation.” Such legislation could expose our customers to the type of service disruptions that the RLA was designed to prevent — local work stoppages in key areas that interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive, high-value goods throughout our global network. Such disruptions could threaten our ability to provide competitively priced shipping options and ready access to global markets. 

There is also the possibility that Congress could pass other labor legislation that could adversely affect our companies, such as FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight, whose employees are governed by the National Labor Relations Act of 1935, as amended (“NLRA”). In addition, federal and state governmental agencies, such as the National Mediation Board and the National Labor Relations Board, have and may continue to take actions that could make it easier for our employees to organize under the RLA or NLRA. Finally, changes to federal or state laws governing employee classification could impact the status of FedEx Ground’s service providers as independent employers of drivers. If FedEx Ground is deemed to be an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these service providers, labor organizations could more easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially and we could incur significant capital outlays. 

FedEx Ground relies on service providers to conduct its linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations, and the status of these service providers as direct employers of drivers providing these services is being challenged. We are defending joint-employer cases where it is alleged that FedEx Ground should be treated as an employer of the drivers employed by service providers engaged by FedEx Ground. We incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending the status of service providers engaged by FedEx Ground as direct employers of their drivers. We continue to believe that FedEx Ground is not an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these independent businesses. However, adverse determinations in these matters could, among other things, entitle service providers’ drivers to certain wage payments from the service providers and FedEx Ground, and result in employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for FedEx Ground. 

- 95 -

We are self-insured for certain costs associated with our operations, and insurance and claims expenses could have a material adverse effect on us. 
We 
are 
self
-
insure
d
 up to certain limits that vary by type of risk for costs associated with workers’ compensation claims, vehicle accidents and general business liabilities, and benefits paid under employee healthcare and disability programs. Our reserves are established for estimates of loss on reported claims, including incurred-but-not-reported claims. Our self-insurance accruals are primarily based on estimated costs determined by actuarial methods. Estimated costs include consideration of a variety of factors and related assumptions such as the severity of claims, frequency and volume of claims, healthcare inflation, seasonality and plan designs, which may be subject to a high degree of variability. Periodically, we evaluate the level of insurance coverage and adjust insurance levels based on risk tolerance and premium expense. However, the use of any estimation technique in this area is inherently sensitive. Material increases in the magnitude of claims, changes to healthcare costs, accident frequency and severity, insurance retention levels, judgment and settlement amounts, associated legal expenses and other factors could result in unfavorable differences between actual self-insurance costs and our reserve estimates. As a result, our insurance costs could increase materially which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Disruptions or modifications in service by the USPS or changes in its business or financial soundness could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. The USPS is a vendor and significant customer of FedEx. In particular, the USPS is the largest customer of FedEx Express, which provides domestic air transportation services for the USPS’s First Class Mail, Priority Mail Express and Priority Mail and transportation and delivery for the USPS’s international delivery service. FedEx Express’s contract with the USPS for domestic services expires in September 2024. The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted mail volumes and mix resulting in a further decrease in revenues and negative financial impact for the USPS. Additionally, the USPS continues to experience budgetary uncertainty as well as increased political debate regarding potential privatization or restructuring of its operations. Disruptions or modifications in service by the USPS as a result of financial difficulties or changes in its business, including the ability to access capital, any structural changes to its operations, network, service offerings or pricing, could adversely affect our operations, negatively impacting our revenue, results of operations and financial condition.  

Proposed pilot flight and duty time regulations could impair our operations and impose substantial costs on us. 
In September 2010, the Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) proposed regulations that would change the flight and duty time rules applicable to all-cargo air carriers. When the FAA issued final regulations in December 2011 (the “2011 regulations”), all-cargo carriers, including FedEx Express, were exempt from these new requirements. Instead, all-cargo carriers were required to continue complying with previously enacted flight and duty time rules and allowed to pursue the development of fatigue risk management systems to develop fatigue mitigations unique to each operation. In December 2012, the FAA reaffirmed the exclusion of all-cargo carriers from the 2011 regulations, and litigation in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia affirmed the FAA’s decision. However, legislation has recently been introduced in the U.S. Senate and U.S. House of Representatives that, if adopted, would require all-cargo carriers to comply with the 2011 regulations. Required compliance with the 2011 regulations would make it more difficult to avoid pilot fatigue and could impose substantial costs on us in order to maintain operational reliability.

The transportation infrastructure continues to be a target of terrorist activities. Because transportation assets continue to be a target of terrorist activities, governments around the world are adopting or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase operating costs and potentially slow service for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. For example, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration (“TSA”) requires FedEx Express to comply with a Full All-Cargo Aircraft Operator Standard Security Plan, which contains evolving and strict security requirements. Additionally, the International Civil Aviation Organization currently allows a member state to permit carriers and other entities to determine, without government oversight, which shippers and shipments are secure for purposes of putting those shipments on all-cargo aircraft. This allowance will be removed by July 2021 and may require us to undergo additional screening and oversight by the TSA and similar government agencies internationally. Security requirements such as these are not static, but change periodically as the result of regulatory and legislative requirements, imposing additional security costs and creating a level of uncertainty for our operations. Thus, it is reasonably possible that these rules or other future security requirements could impose material costs on us or slow our service to our customers. The impact on our operations of avoiding areas of the world, including airspace, in which there are geopolitical conflicts and the targeting of aircraft by parties to those conflicts can also be significant. Moreover, a terrorist attack directed at FedEx or other aspects of the transportation infrastructure could disrupt our operations and adversely impact demand for our services. 

- 96 -

The regulatory environment for global aviation or other transportation rights may impact our operations and increase our operating costs.
 Our extensive air network is critical to our success. Our right to serve foreign points is subject to the approval of the Department of Transportation and generally requires a bilateral agreement between the U.S. and foreign governments. In addition, we must obtain the permission of foreign governments to provide specific flights and services. Our operations outside of the U.S., such as FedEx Express’s growing international domestic operations, are also subject to current and potential regulations, including certain postal regulations and licensing requirements, that restrict, make difficult and sometimes prohibit, the ability of foreign-owned companies such as FedEx Express to compete effectively in parts of the international domestic transportation and logistics market. Regulatory or executive actions affecting global aviation or transportation rights or a failure to obtain or maintain aviation or other transportation rights in important international markets could impair our ability to operate our networks. 
Further, our ability to obtain or maintain aviation or other transportation rights internationally may be adversely affected by changes in international trade policies and relations.

We are subject to other extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements that may result in significant costs. For instance, the FAA from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require significant expenditures in order to comply. High-profile accidents, catastrophes or incidents involving aircraft may trigger increased regulatory and legal compliance requirements. These requirements can be issued with little or no notice, or can otherwise impact our ability to efficiently or fully utilize our aircraft, and in some instances have resulted in the temporary grounding of aircraft types altogether. Further, our business may be adversely impacted when government agencies cease to operate as expected, including due to partial shutdowns, sequestrations or similar events, which may result in, among other things, disruption in the ability of government agencies to grant required regulatory approvals. For additional discussion, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report under the caption “Regulation.” 

We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. Concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to significant U.S. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, including our aircraft and vehicle engine emissions. Increasingly, state and local governments are also considering GHG regulatory requirements. Compliance with such regulation and the associated potential cost is complicated by the fact that various countries and regions are following different approaches to the regulation of climate change. Increased regulation regarding GHG emissions, especially aircraft or vehicle engine emissions, could impose substantial costs on us, especially at FedEx Express. These costs include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. Until the timing, scope and extent of such possible regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating results. It is reasonably possible, however, that it could materially increase our operating expenses and have an adverse direct or indirect effect on our business, if instituted. For additional discussion of regulatory responses to climate change, including the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation and the Paris climate accord, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report under the caption “Regulation.”

Moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air express services. Finally, given the broad and global scope of our operations and our susceptibility to global macroeconomic trends, we are particularly vulnerable to the physical risks of climate change that could affect all of humankind, such as shifts in weather patterns and world ecosystems. 

Increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare benefits, could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We sponsor programs that provide retirement benefits to most of our employees. These programs include defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans and postretirement healthcare plans. The costs of providing pension and other retirement benefit plans are dependent on numerous assumptions, such as discount rates, expected long-term investment returns on plan assets, future salary increases, employee turnover, mortality, retirement ages, government regulations, and the frequency and amount of our required or voluntary contributions made to the plans. Changes in actuarial assumptions and differences between the assumptions and actual values, as well as significant declines in the value of investments that fund our pension and other postretirement plans, if not offset or mitigated by a decline in plan liabilities, could increase pension and other postretirement expense, and we could be required from time to time to fund the pension plans with significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. Additionally, the rules for pension and retirement benefit plan accounting are complex, involve numerous assumptions and can produce volatility in our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. For example, our fourth quarter 2020 MTM retirement plans accounting adjustment resulted in a pre-tax noncash $794 million loss ($583 million, net of tax, or $2.22 per diluted share). For additional information on our MTM retirement plans accounting adjustment, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Results of Operations and Outlook—Consolidated Results—Retirement Plans MTM Adjustments” and Note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

- 97 -

Our inability to quickly and effectively restore operations following adverse weather or a localized disaster or disturbance in a key geography could adversely impact our business and results of operations.
 While we operate several integrated networks with assets distributed throughout the world, there are concentrations of key assets within our networks that are exposed to adverse weather conditions or localized risks from natural or manmade disasters such as earthquakes, volcanoes, wildfires, hurricanes, conflicts or unrest, terrorist attacks or other disturbances, actual or threatened. Additionally, shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change could increase the frequency, severity or duration of certain adverse weather conditions. Prolonged interruptions or disruptions at a key location such as our 
FedEx Express 
Memphis World Hub or one of our information-technology centers could adversely impact our business and results of operations. We also may incur significant costs to reestablish or relocate these functions. Moreover, resulting economic dislocations, including supply chain and fuel disruptions, could adversely impact demand for our services resulting in an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our autonomous delivery strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational and regulatory risks. In 2019, we announced the development through a partnership of an autonomous delivery device designed to help retailers make same-day and last-mile deliveries to their customers, and in 2020, we announced our collaboration with two business partners to launch a pilot drone delivery service to explore methods of enhancing last-mile residential delivery service. Autonomous delivery is a new and evolving market, which makes it difficult to predict its acceptance, growth, the magnitude and timing of necessary investments and other trends. This aspect of our business strategy is subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including: the ability to continue to develop autonomous delivery software and hardware; access to sufficient capital; our ability to develop and maintain necessary partnerships; risks related to the manufacture of autonomous devices; and significant competition from other companies, some of which may have more resources and capital to devote to autonomous technologies than we do.

In addition, we face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous delivery devices on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards and compliance with uncertain, evolving and potentially conflicting federal and state regulations. To the extent accidents, cybersecurity breaches or other adverse events associated with our autonomous delivery devices occur, we could be subject to liability, government scrutiny, further regulation and reputational damage. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.

Constraints, volatility or disruption in the capital markets, our failure to maintain our current credit ratings, commercial paper ratings and senior unsecured debt credit ratings, or our inability to meet credit agreement financial covenants could adversely affect our liquidity, increase our interest expense and limit our financing options. Our ability to obtain financing depends on a variety of factors, such as economic and market conditions, the regulatory environment for banks and other financial institutions, the availability of credit, our credit ratings and our reputation with potential lenders. Historically, we have relied on the public debt capital markets to fund portions of our capital investments and other expenditures and access to the commercial paper market as part of our working capital management strategy. Our continued access to these markets, and the terms of such access, depend on multiple factors including the condition of the debt capital markets, our operating performance and our credit ratings. Standard & Poor’s has assigned us a senior unsecured debt credit rating of BBB, a commercial paper rating of A-2 and a ratings outlook of “negative.” Moody’s Investors Service has assigned us an unsecured debt credit rating of Baa2, a commercial paper rating of P-2 and a ratings outlook of “negative.” These ratings are based on a number of factors, including assessments of our financial strength and financial policies. If our credit ratings drop, our interest expense may increase and our access to financing may become limited. If our commercial paper ratings drop below current levels, we may have difficulty utilizing the commercial paper market. If our senior unsecured debt credit ratings drop below investment grade, our access to financing may become limited. 

Further, if we are unable to maintain the ratio of debt to adjusted EBITDA required by our Credit Agreements, our access to financing could become limited. In addition, increased volatility or disruption in the debt capital markets could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt. See Note 6 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding recent amendments to the Credit Agreements, including with respect to the debt to adjusted EBITDA covenant. A change in our access to one or more of these sources of capital may reduce our ability to access other sources of capital and financing, adversely affecting our business operations and liquidity. Without sufficient sources of liquidity, we could be required to take actions that limit our business operations or experience limitations in our ability to pursue business opportunities. 

- 98 -

We are also subject to other risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis;

•

human capital management risks, including changes in our ability to attract and retain drivers, package and freight handlers, commercial pilots and other employees, as well as health and safety issues;

•

the increasing costs of compliance with federal, state and foreign governmental agency mandates (including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act) and defending against inappropriate or unjustified enforcement or other actions by such agencies; 

•

changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the euro, Chinese yuan, British pound, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Mexican peso, which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency sales prices; 

•

any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action, derivative and other litigation, such as wage-and-hour, joint employment, securities and discrimination and retaliation claims, and any other legal or governmental proceedings, including the matters discussed in Note 18 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements; 

•

the outcome of future negotiations to reach new collective bargaining agreements — including with the union that represents the pilots of FedEx Express (the current pilot agreement is scheduled to become amendable in November 2021) and with the union elected in 2015 to represent drivers at a FedEx Freight, Inc. facility in the U.S.; 

•

the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services, and our ability to continue to identify and eliminate unnecessary information-technology redundancy and complexity throughout the organization; 

•

governmental underinvestment in transportation infrastructure, which could increase our costs and adversely impact our service levels due to traffic congestion or sub-optimal routing of our vehicles and aircraft; 

•

stockholder activism, which could divert the attention of management and our board of directors from our business, hinder execution of our business strategy, give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future and cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly; and 

•

the alternative interest rates we are able to negotiate with counterparties pursuant to the relevant provisions of our Credit Agreements in the event the London Interbank Offered Rate or the euro interbank offered rate cease to exist and we make borrowings under the agreements.