A wide range of factors could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the price of our common stock. The most significant of these factors include the following:

We are directly affected by the state of the economy and anti-trade measures.
 While macroeconomic risks apply to most companies, we are particularly vulnerable. The transportation industry is highly cyclical and especially susceptible to trends in economic activity. Our primary business is to transport goods, so our business levels are directly tied to the purchase and production of goods — key macroeconomic measurements. When individuals and companies purchase and produce fewer goods, we transport fewer goods, and as companies expand the number of distribution centers and move manufacturing closer to consumer markets, we transport goods shorter distances. In addition, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels. Moreover, as we continue to grow our international business, we are increasingly affected by the health of the global economy, the rate of growth of global trade, world trade policies, international taxes, government-to-government relations and the typically more volatile economies of emerging markets. For instance, anti-trade and protectionist measures adopted by the U.S. or other countries in which we do business, such as trade controls, tariffs, quotas, embargoes, sanctions, or retaliation by another country against such measures, could result in economic uncertainty and instability, resulting in fewer goods being transported globally. In 2019, we saw a customer preference for slower, less costly shipping services. Additionally, during 2019 weakness in the global economy adversely affected our results of operations, and we expect such weakness to continue to be present during 2020.

A significant data breach or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our operations and result in the loss of critical confidential information, adversely impacting our reputation, business or results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain customers, to efficiently operate our businesses, and to compete effectively depends in part upon the sophistication and reliability of our technology network, including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers, to protect our confidential business information and the information provided by our customers, and to maintain customer confidence in our ability to protect our systems and to provide services consistent with their expectations. For example, we rely on information technology to receive package level information in advance of physical receipt of packages, to track items that move through our delivery systems, to efficiently plan deliveries, to execute billing processes, and to track and report financial and operational data. We are subject to risks imposed by data breaches and operational disruptions, including through cyberattack or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, cyber terrorists, cyber criminals and malicious employees or other insiders. Data breaches of companies and governments have increased in recent years as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased and we, our customers and third parties increasingly store and transmit data by means of connected information technology systems. Additionally, risks such as code anomalies, “Acts of God,” transitional challenges in migrating operating company functionality to our FedEx enterprise automation platform, data leakage and human error pose a direct threat to our products, services and data and could result in unauthorized or block legitimate access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees, and suppliers, including personal information. The technology infrastructure of acquired businesses, as well as their practices related to the use and maintenance of data, could also present issues that we were not able to identify prior to the acquisition.

- 85 -

We also depend on and interact with the technology and systems of third parties, including our customers and third-party service providers such as cloud service providers and delivery services. Such third parties may have access to information we maintain about our company, customers, employees and vendors or operate systems that are critical to our business operations and services. Like us, these third parties are subject to risks imposed by data breaches, cyberattacks and other events or actions that could damage, disrupt or close down their networks or systems. We have security processes, protocols and standards in place, including contractual provisions requiring such security measures, that are applicable to such third parties and are designed to protect information that is held by them, or to which they have access, as a result of their engagements with us. Nevertheless, a cyberattack could defeat one or more of such third parties’ security measures, allowing an attacker to obtain information about our company, customers, employees and vendors or disrupt our operations. These third parties may also experience operational disruptions or human error that could result in unauthorized access to sensitive or confidential data regarding our operations, customers, employees and suppliers, including personal information.

A disruption to our complex, global technology infrastructure, including those impacting our computer systems and websites, could result in the loss of confidential business or customer information, require substantial repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs, and lead to the temporary or permanent transfer by customers of some or all of their business to our competitors. The foregoing could harm our reputation and adversely impact our operations, customer service and results of operations. Additionally, a security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created. These types of adverse impacts could also occur in the event the confidentiality, integrity or availability of company and customer information was compromised due to a data loss by FedEx or a trusted third party. We or the third parties with which we share information may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach occurs. 

Recently, there has also been heightened regulatory and enforcement focus on data protection in the U.S. (at both the state and federal level) and abroad, and an actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign data protection regulations or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation (including, in some instances, class action litigation), fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could harm our reputation and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. This regulatory environment is increasingly challenging and may present material obligations and risks to our business, including significantly expanded compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. For example, the European Union’s (“EU”) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which became effective in May 2018, greatly increases the jurisdictional reach of EU law and adds a broad array of requirements related to personal data, including individual notice and opt-out preferences and the public disclosure of significant data breaches. Additionally, violations of the GDPR can result in fines of as much as 4% of a company’s annual revenue. Other governments have enacted or are enacting similar data protection laws, including data localization laws that require data to stay within their borders. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements, as well as the uncertain interpretation and enforcement of laws, impose significant costs and regulatory risks that are likely to increase over time.

We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information-technology risk management and disaster recovery plans, including investments to retire and replace end-of-life systems. The development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly more intense and sophisticated. Despite our efforts, we are not fully insulated from data breaches, technology disruptions or data loss, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. For instance, in June 2017 TNT Express worldwide operations were significantly affected due to the infiltration of an information-technology virus known as NotPetya. In May 2017 FedEx was one of many companies attacked by the rapidly spreading ransomware described as WannaCry that exploited vulnerability in a third-party software program and infected computers using that program, encrypting files and holding them for ransom. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2018 we discovered an unsecured server hosted by one of our third-party cloud service providers, which exposed some archived account information related to a service discontinued after our 2015 acquisition of Bongo International, LLC. The server has been secured, and we have found no indication that any information has been misappropriated in connection with the incident. Neither the WannaCry ransomware attack or unsecured server caused a material disruption to our systems or resulted in any material costs to FedEx. 

While we have significant security processes and initiatives in place, we may be unable to detect or prevent a breach or disruption in the future. Additionally, while we have insurance coverage designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks in place, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise.

- 86 -

Additional changes in international trade policies and relations could significantly reduce the volume of goods transported globally and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
The U.S. government has made significant changes in U.S. trade policy and has taken certain actions that have negatively impacted U.S. trade, including imposing tariffs on certain goods imported into the United States. To date, several governments, including the EU, China and India, have imposed tariffs on certain goods imported from the United States.

These actions contributed to weakness in the global economy that adversely affected our results of operations during 2019, and we expect such weakness to continue to be present during 2020. Any further changes in U.S. or international trade policy could trigger additional retaliatory actions by affected countries, resulting in “trade wars” and further increased costs for goods transported globally, which may reduce customer demand for these products if the parties having to pay those tariffs increase their prices, or in trading partners limiting their trade with countries that impose anti-trade measures. Political uncertainty surrounding international trade and other disputes could also have a negative effect on consumer confidence and spending. Such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as on 
the price of our common stock
. 

Additionally, the U.S. government has recently taken action to limit the ability of domestic companies to engage in commerce with certain foreign entities under certain circumstances. Given the nature of our business and our global recognizability, foreign governments may target FedEx by limiting the ability of foreign entities to do business with us in certain instances, imposing monetary or other penalties or taking other retaliatory action, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as on the price of our common stock.

The failure to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of FedEx Express and TNT Express in the expected time frame and at the expected cost may adversely affect our future results. Prior to FedEx’s acquisition of TNT Express in 2016, FedEx Express and TNT Express operated as independent companies. There can be no assurances that these businesses can be integrated successfully. Expected integration costs have increased significantly since the acquisition was completed, and parts of the integration have taken longer than initially expected. It is possible that the integration process could result in higher than currently expected integration costs, the loss of customers, the disruption of ongoing businesses, unexpected integration issues, or the loss of key historical FedEx Express or TNT Express employees. It is also possible that the overall integration process will take longer than currently anticipated.

- 87 -

Specifically, the following issues, among others, must be addressed as we integrate the operations of FedEx Express and TNT Express in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction:

•

combining the companies’ operations and corporate functions; 

•

combining the businesses of FedEx Express and TNT Express and meeting the capital requirements of the combination in a manner that permits us to achieve the operating and financial results we anticipated from the acquisition, the failure of which could result in the anticipated benefits of the transaction not being realized in the time frame currently anticipated, or at all; 

•

integrating and consolidating the companies’ administrative and information-technology infrastructure and computer systems, and modernizing certain TNT Express systems which suffered from underinvestment prior to the acquisition; 

•

integrating and restructuring the corporate entities;

•

integrating workforces and consulting with works councils and employee representatives while continuing to provide consistent, high-quality service to customers; 

•

integrating and unifying the offerings and services available to historical FedEx Express and TNT Express customers; 

•

harmonizing the companies’ operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, integrity and compliance programs, terms and conditions of contracts of carriage, internal controls and other policies, procedures and processes; 

•

integrating the companies’ financial reporting and internal control systems; 

•

maintaining existing agreements with customers and service providers and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers and service providers; 

•

addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; 

•

addressing employee social issues so as to maintain efficient and effective labor and employee relations; 

•

coordinating rebranding and marketing efforts; 

•

managing the movement of certain positions to different locations; 

•

managing potential unknown and unidentified liabilities, including liabilities that are significantly larger than currently anticipated, and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the integration process; and 

•

managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger, more complex company. 

All of these factors could dilute FedEx’s earnings per share, delay or decrease the expected accretive effect of the acquisition and negatively impact the price of our common stock. The expected financial benefits of the acquisition may also be delayed or decreased by reductions in our base business levels due to economic weakness in Europe or other factors. In addition, at times the attention of certain members of our management may be focused on the integration of the businesses of FedEx Express and TNT Express and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt our business. Further, we may not achieve the expected financial benefits from any costs incurred in addition to our integration program expenses related to investments to further transform and optimize the combined business. 

Failure to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics will cause our future financial results to suffer. We are making significant investments and other decisions in connection with our long-term business strategy which includes our ability to meet the demands of e-commerce, such as aircraft fleet modernization and hub modernization and expansion at FedEx Express and expansion of FedEx Ground residential delivery operations to seven days per week year-round for the majority of the U.S. population. We are also implementing various cost-containment actions, including limited hiring and discretionary spending and a U.S.-based voluntary employee buyout program. Such initiatives and enhancements may require us to make significant capital expenditures. Additionally, in developing our business strategy, we make certain assumptions including, but not limited to, those related to customer demand and the mix of services to be purchased by our customers, competition and the global economy; and actual market, economic and other conditions may be different from our assumptions. As technology, customer behavior and market conditions continue to evolve, it is important that we maintain the relevance of our brand and service offerings to our customers. If we are not able to successfully implement our business strategy and effectively respond to changes in market dynamics, our future financial results will suffer.

- 88 -

The United Kingdom’s vote to leave the 
EU
 could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.
 There is substantial uncertainty surrounding the United Kingdom’s 2016 vote to leave the 
EU
 (“Brexit”), which is scheduled for October 31, 2019. 
The suspension or further delay of Brexit beyond October 31, 2019 requires the unanimous agreement of all remaining EU member states. 
Any impact of Brexit depends on the terms of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the 
EU
, if it ultimately occurs. The ongoing uncertainty within the United Kingdom’s government and Parliament on the status of a withdrawal agreement 
could lead to economic stagnation until an ultimate resolution with respect to Brexit occurs. 
Such uncertainty also sustains the possibility of a “hard Brexit,” in which the United Kingdom leaves the 
EU
 without a withdrawal agreement and associated transition period in place. The outcome of recent European Parliament elections, and potentially the outcome of the July 2019 election to determine the next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, could increase the likelihood of a hard Brexit. A hard Brexit would likely cause significant market and economic disruption and negatively impact customer experience and service quality, and could depress the demand for our services. 

Even if an agreement setting forth the terms of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU is approved, the withdrawal could result in a global economic downturn. The United Kingdom also could lose access to the single EU market and to the global trade deals negotiated by the EU on behalf of its members, depressing trade between the United Kingdom and other countries, which would negatively impact our international operations. Additionally, we may face new regulations regarding trade, aviation, security and employees, among others, in the United Kingdom. Compliance with such regulations could be costly, negatively impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition. Brexit could also adversely affect European and worldwide economic and market conditions and could contribute to instability in global financial and foreign exchange markets, including volatility in the value of the euro and the British pound. 

Our businesses depend on our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand.
 The FedEx brand name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability and speed. FedEx is one of the most widely recognized, trusted and respected brands in the world, and the FedEx brand is one of our most important and valuable assets. In addition, we have a strong reputation among customers and the general public for high standards of social and environmental responsibility and corporate governance and ethics. The FedEx brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our employees, contractors, agents or others with whom we do business, such as customer service mishaps, accidents, catastrophes or incidents involving aircraft or vehicles operated by us, data breaches or technology infrastructure disruptions, noncompliance with laws or the shipment of certain items pursuant to our obligation as a common carrier operating under federal law, could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. With the increase in the use of social media outlets such as Facebook, YouTube, Instagram and Twitter, adverse publicity can be disseminated quickly and broadly, making it increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand. 

Our transportation businesses are impacted by the price and availability of jet and vehicle fuel. We must purchase large quantities of fuel to operate our aircraft and vehicles, and the price and availability of fuel is beyond our control and can be highly volatile. In addition, our purchased transportation expense may be impacted by fuel costs. To date, we have been mostly successful in mitigating over time the expense impact of higher fuel costs through our indexed fuel surcharges, as the amount of the surcharges is closely linked to the market prices for fuel. If we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges because of competitive pricing pressures or some other reason, fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. As of May 31, 2019, we had no derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fuel price fluctuations, and we currently have no plans to use derivative financial instruments for this purpose in the future. Even if we are able to offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges could move our customers away from our higher-yielding express services to our lower-yielding deferred or ground services or even reduce customer demand for our services altogether. In addition, disruptions in the supply of fuel could have a negative impact on our ability to operate our transportation networks. Weather-related events, natural disasters, political disruptions or wars involving oil-producing countries, economic sanctions imposed against oil-producing countries or specific industry participants, changes in governmental policy concerning fuel production, transportation, taxes or marketing, changes in refining capacity, environmental concerns and other unpredictable events may impact fuel supply and could result in shortages in the future.

Our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital decisions based upon projected volume levels. We make significant investments in aircraft, package handling facilities, vehicles, technology, sort equipment, copy equipment and other assets to support our transportation and business networks. We also make significant investments to rebrand, integrate and grow the companies that we acquire. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including our anticipated volume growth. We must make commitments to purchase or modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed. We must predict volume levels and fleet requirements and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. Missing our projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes. Overcapacity could lead to below-market asset dispositions or write-downs, as well as negatively impact operating margins, and undercapacity could negatively impact service levels. 

- 89 -

We face intense competition.
 The transportation and business services markets are both highly competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no macroeconomic growth. Some of our competitors have more financial resources and competitive advantages than we do, or they are owned, controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, which enables them to raise capital more easily. We also compete with regional transportation providers that operate smaller and less capital-intensive transportation networks and startup companies that combine technology with crowdsourcing to focus on local market needs. In addition, some high volume package shippers are developing and implementing in-house delivery capabilities and utilizing independent contractors for deliveries, which could in turn reduce our revenues and market share. For example, Amazon.com is investing significant capital to establish a network of hubs, aircraft and vehicles. 

We believe we compete effectively with these companies — for example, by providing more reliable service at compensatory prices. However, the existence of an irrational pricing environment could limit our ability not only to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs), but also to maintain or grow our revenues and market share. While we believe we compete effectively through our current and planned service offerings, if our current competitors or potential future competitors offer a broader range of services, more effectively bundle their services, or offer services at lower prices, it could impede our ability to maintain or grow our market share. Moreover, if customers, such as Amazon.com, further develop or expand internal capabilities for the services we provide, it will reduce our revenue and could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. News regarding such developments or expansions could also negatively impact the price of our common stock. Additionally, advancements in technology, such as advanced safety systems, automated package sorting, handling and delivery, vehicle platooning, alternative fuel vehicles and digitization of freight services, may necessitate that we increase investments in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher rates to cover the cost of these investments.

Government regulation and enforcement are evolving and unfavorable changes could harm our business. We are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. regulations, laws, and policies. There can be no assurance that such regulations, laws and policies will not be changed in ways that will decrease the demand for our services, subject us to escalating costs or require us to modify our business models and objectives, harming our financial results. In particular, legislative, regulatory or other actions that U.S. and non-U.S. governments have undertaken or are considering in areas such as data privacy and sovereignty, taxes, foreign exchange intervention in response to currency volatility, currency controls that could restrict the movement of liquidity from particular jurisdictions, trade controls, tariffs, quotas, embargoes or sanctions in the U.S. or other countries, complex economic sanctions, export controls, additional security requirements, additional requirements on employees and benefits, environmental standards, tax reform and accounting may have an adverse effect on our operations, liquidity, capital requirements, effective tax rate and performance. For additional discussion, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Regulation.”

We could be subject to adverse changes in regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions relating to the TCJA. We are subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. From time to time, changes in tax laws or regulations may be enacted that could significantly affect our overall tax liability. In December 2017, the United States government enacted comprehensive tax legislation through the TCJA, which significantly changed the U.S. corporate income tax system. The TCJA requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required in U.S. tax law, significant judgments, estimates and calculations to be made in interpreting its provisions, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced.

The U.S. Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Service, and other standard-setting bodies could interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of the TCJA will be applied or otherwise administered that is different from our interpretation. As we continue our ongoing analysis of the TCJA’s related interpretations, collect and prepare necessary data, and interpret any additional guidance, we may be required to make adjustments to amounts that we have recorded that may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. For example, on January 15, 2019, the U.S. Treasury Department issued final regulations covering the one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings, which was enacted as part of the TCJA. Certain guidance included in these final regulations is inconsistent with our interpretation that led to the recognition of benefits of $233 million. If we are ultimately unsuccessful in defending our position with respect to our interpretation of the TCJA, we may be required to reverse these benefits. In addition, further legislative action could be taken to address questions or issues caused by the TCJA. State and foreign governments may also issue guidance and enact tax laws in response to the TCJA or other global initiatives that could result in further changes to our taxation and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

- 90 -

If we do not successfully execute or effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses, our financial results and reputation may suffer.
 Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and to realize the benefits we expect when we make those acquisitions. In furtherance of this strategy, in addition to TNT Express, we have acquired businesses in Europe, Latin America, Africa, the U.S., Asia and Australia over the past several years. Acquisitions involve special accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology, human resources and other risks. While we expect our past and future acquisitions to enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to these acquired businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets. For example, in 2018 we incurred a goodwill impairment charge of $374 million related to FedEx Supply Chain, eliminating substantially all of the goodwill attributable to this reporting unit. The key factors contributing to the goodwill impairment were underperformance of the FedEx Supply Chain business during 2018, including base business erosion, and the failure to attain the level of operating synergies and revenue and profit growth anticipated at the time of the acquisition.

Labor organizations attempt to organize groups of our employees from time to time, and potential changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so. If we are unable to continue to maintain good relationships with our employees and avoid having labor organizations organize groups of our employees, our operating costs could significantly increase and our operational flexibility could be significantly reduced. Despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions, other than the pilots at FedEx Express and drivers at one FedEx Freight, Inc. facility, our U.S. employees have thus far chosen not to unionize (we acquired FedEx Supply Chain in 2015, which already had a small number of employees who are members of unions). Additionally, certain of FedEx Express’s non-U.S. employees are unionized, and a union has been certified to represent owner-drivers at a FedEx Freight Canada, Corp. facility. 

The U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered adopting changes in labor laws, however, that would make it easier for unions to organize units of our employees. For example, there is always a possibility that Congress could remove most FedEx Express employees from the jurisdiction of the RLA. For additional discussion of the RLA, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Regulation.” Such legislation could expose our customers to the type of service disruptions that the RLA was designed to prevent — local work stoppages in key areas that interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive, high-value goods throughout our global network. Such disruptions could threaten our ability to provide competitively priced shipping options and ready access to global markets. 

There is also the possibility that Congress could pass other labor legislation that could adversely affect our companies, such as FedEx Ground and FedEx Freight, whose employees are governed by the National Labor Relations Act of 1935, as amended (“NLRA”). In addition, federal and state governmental agencies, such as the National Mediation Board and the National Labor Relations Board, have and may continue to take actions that could make it easier for our employees to organize under the RLA or NLRA. Finally, changes to federal or state laws governing employee classification could impact the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as independent employers of drivers. If FedEx Ground is deemed to be an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these independent contractors, labor organizations could more easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially and we could incur significant capital outlays. 

FedEx Ground relies on owner-operators to conduct its linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations, and the status of these owner-operators as independent contractors and direct employers of drivers providing these services is being challenged.
 FedEx Ground’s use of independent contractors is well suited to the needs of the ground delivery business and its customers, as evidenced by the strong growth of this business segment. We are involved in lawsuits and administrative proceedings that claim the company’s owner-operators engaged under operating agreements no longer in place should have been treated as our employees, rather than independent contractors. In addition, we are defending joint-employer cases where it is alleged that FedEx Ground should be treated as an employer of the drivers employed by owner-operators engaged by FedEx Ground. We incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as independent contractors and as direct employers of their drivers. 

We continue to believe that owner-operators engaged by FedEx Ground are properly classified as independent contractors and that FedEx Ground is not an employer or joint employer of the drivers of these independent contractors. However, adverse determinations in these matters could, among other things, entitle certain of our owner-operators to the reimbursement of certain expenses and their drivers to certain wage payments from the owner-operators and FedEx Ground, and result in employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for FedEx Ground. Changes to state laws governing the definition of independent contractors, or employees of independent contractors, could also impact the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators. 

- 91 -

Disruptions or modifications in service by the USPS or changes in its business or financial soundness could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results.
 The U.S. Postal Service (“USPS”) is a significant customer and vendor of FedEx. In particular, the USPS is the largest customer of FedEx Express, which provides domestic air transportation services for the USPS’s First Class Mail, Priority Mail Express and Priority Mail and transportation and delivery for the USPS’s international delivery service. Disruptions or modifications in service by the USPS as a result of financial difficulties or changes in its business, including any structural changes to its operations, network, service offerings or pricing, could adversely affect our operations, negatively impacting our revenue, results of operations and financial condition.  

The transportation infrastructure continues to be a target of terrorist activities. Because transportation assets continue to be a target of terrorist activities, governments around the world are adopting or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase operating costs and potentially slow service for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. For example, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration (“TSA”) requires FedEx Express to comply with a Full All-Cargo Aircraft Operator Standard Security Plan, which contains evolving and strict security requirements. Additionally, the International Civil Aviation Organization currently allows a member state to permit carriers and other entities to determine, without government oversight, which shippers and shipments are secure for purposes of putting those shipments on all-cargo aircraft. This allowance will be removed by calendar 2021 and may require us to undergo additional screening and oversight by the TSA and similar government agencies internationally. Security requirements such as these are not static, but change periodically as the result of regulatory and legislative requirements, imposing additional security costs and creating a level of uncertainty for our operations. Thus, it is reasonably possible that these rules or other future security requirements could impose material costs on us or slow our service to our customers. The impact on our operations of avoiding areas of the world, including airspace, in which there are geopolitical conflicts and the targeting of aircraft by parties to those conflicts can also be significant. Moreover, a terrorist attack directed at FedEx or other aspects of the transportation infrastructure could disrupt our operations and adversely impact demand for our services. 

The regulatory environment for global aviation or other transportation rights may impact our operations and increase our operating costs. Our extensive air network is critical to our success. Our right to serve foreign points is subject to the approval of the Department of Transportation and generally requires a bilateral agreement between the U.S. and foreign governments. In addition, we must obtain the permission of foreign governments to provide specific flights and services. Our operations outside of the U.S., such as FedEx Express’s growing international domestic operations, are also subject to current and potential regulations, including certain postal regulations and licensing requirements, that restrict, make difficult and sometimes prohibit, the ability of foreign-owned companies such as FedEx Express to compete effectively in parts of the international domestic transportation and logistics market. Regulatory or executive actions affecting global aviation or transportation rights or a failure to obtain or maintain aviation or other transportation rights in important international markets could impair our ability to operate our networks. 

We are subject to other extensive regulatory and legal compliance requirements that may result in significant costs. For instance, the Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require significant expenditures in order to comply. High-profile accidents, catastrophes or incidents involving aircraft may trigger increased regulatory and legal compliance requirements. These requirements can be issued with little or no notice, or can otherwise impact our ability to efficiently or fully utilize our aircraft, and in some instances have resulted in the temporary grounding of aircraft types altogether. Further, our business may be adversely impacted when government agencies cease to operate as expected, including due to partial shutdowns, sequestrations or similar events, which may result in, among other things, disruption in the ability of government agencies to grant required regulatory approvals. For additional discussion, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Regulation.”

We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change. Concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to significant U.S. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, including our aircraft and vehicle engine emissions. Increasingly, state and local governments are also considering GHG regulatory requirements. Compliance with such regulation and the associated potential cost is complicated by the fact that various countries and regions are following different approaches to the regulation of climate change. Increased regulation regarding GHG emissions, especially aircraft or vehicle engine emissions, could impose substantial costs on us, especially at FedEx Express. These costs include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. Until the timing, scope and extent of such possible regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating results. It is reasonably possible, however, that it could materially increase our operating expenses and have an adverse direct or indirect effect on our business, if instituted. For additional discussion of regulatory responses to climate change, including the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation and the Paris climate accord, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Regulation.”

- 92 -

Moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air express services. Finally, given the broad and global scope of our operations and our susceptibility to global 
macroeconomic
 trends, we are particularly vulnerable to the physical risks of climate change that could affect all of humankind, such as shifts in weather patterns and world ecosystems. 

Our failure to attract or retain employee talent or maintain our company culture could adversely impact our business. Our success depends upon the efforts and abilities of our high-quality employees, many of whom are longstanding FedEx team members. Difficulties in recruiting, motivating, rewarding and retaining employee talent, including successors to members of senior management, or the unexpected loss of such individuals resulting in the depletion of our institutional knowledge base, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, reputation and the price of our common stock. Additionally, our company culture is important to providing high quality customer service and having a productive workforce and could be adversely affected by our growing operations and other factors. If we fail to maintain the strength of our company culture, our competitive ability and our business may be harmed.

Increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare benefits, could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We sponsor programs that provide retirement benefits to most of our employees. These programs include defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans and postretirement healthcare plans. The costs of providing pension and other retirement benefit plans are dependent on numerous assumptions, such as discount rates, expected long-term investment returns on plan assets, future salary increases, employee turnover, mortality, retirement ages, government regulations, and the frequency and amount of our required or voluntary contributions made to the plans. Changes in actuarial assumptions and differences between the assumptions and actual values, as well as significant declines in the value of investments that fund our pension and other postretirement plans, if not offset or mitigated by a decline in plan liabilities, could increase pension and other postretirement expense, and we could be required from time to time to fund the pension plans with significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations could adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity. Additionally, the rules for pension and retirement benefit plan accounting are complex, involve numerous assumptions and can produce volatility in our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. For example, our fourth quarter 2019 MTM retirement plans accounting adjustment resulted in a pre-tax noncash $3.9 billion loss ($3.0 billion, net of tax, or $11.22 per diluted share) and reduced the funded status of our tax qualified U.S. domestic pension plans. For additional information on our MTM retirement plans accounting adjustment, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition—Results of Operations and Outlook—Retirement Plans MTM Adjustments” and Note 13 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

A higher than normal number of pilot retirements across the industry, increased flight hour requirements to achieve a commercial pilot’s license, reductions in the number of military pilots entering the commercial workforce and other factors have caused a shortage of pilots that could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
 Large numbers of pilots in the industry are approaching the FAA’s mandatory retirement age of 65. Commencing in 2013, the minimum flight hour requirement to achieve a commercial pilot’s license in the United States increased from 250 to 1,500 hours, thereby significantly increasing the time and cost commitment required to become licensed to fly commercial aircraft. Additionally, the number of military pilots being trained by the U.S. armed forces and available as commercial pilots upon their retirement from military service has been decreasing. These and other factors have contributed to a shortage of qualified, entry-level pilots, and the companies with which we contract to fly smaller regional “feeder” aircraft are having difficulty attracting and retaining pilots. If the companies with which we contract become unable to hire adequate numbers of pilots to meet their needs, we could experience a reduction of service offered to certain locations, service disruptions, increased costs of operations and other difficulties that could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Additionally, although we are not currently having difficulty staffing FedEx pilots to operate our primary FedEx Express fleet, such a difficulty may arise in the future, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Our inability to quickly and effectively restore operations following adverse weather or a localized disaster or disturbance in a key geography could adversely impact our business and results of operations. While we operate several integrated networks with assets distributed throughout the world, there are concentrations of key assets within our networks that are exposed to adverse weather conditions or localized risks from natural or manmade disasters such as earthquakes, volcanoes, wildfires, hurricanes, conflicts or unrest, terrorist attacks or other disturbances, actual or threatened. Additionally, shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change could increase the frequency, severity or duration of certain adverse weather conditions. Prolonged interruptions or disruptions at a key location such as our Memphis World Hub or one of our information-technology centers could adversely impact our business and results of operations. We also may incur significant costs to reestablish or relocate these functions. Moreover, resulting economic dislocations, including supply chain and fuel disruptions, could adversely impact demand for our services resulting in an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

- 93 -

Our autonomous delivery strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational and regulatory risks.

In 2019 we 
announced the development through a partnership of an autonomous delivery device designed to help retailers make same-day an
d last-mile deliveries to their 
customers. Autonomous delivery is a new and evolving market, which makes it difficult to predict its acceptance, growth, the magnitude and timing of necessar
y 
investments and other trends. This aspect of our business strategy is subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of n
ew technologies, including: the 
ability to continue to develop autonomous delivery software and hardware; access to sufficient capital; our ability to develop and m
aintain necessary partnerships; 
risks related to the manufacture of autonomous devices; and significant competition from other companies, some of which may hav
e more resources and capital to 
devote to autonomous technologies than we do.

In addition, we face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous delivery devices on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards and compliance with uncertain, evolving and potentially conflicting federal and state regulations. To the extent accidents, cybersecurity breaches or other adverse events associated with our autonomous delivery devices occur, we could be subject to liability, 
government scrutiny, further regulation and reputational damage. Any of the foregoing could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.

Volatility or disruption in the debt capital markets or our failure to maintain our current credit ratings and commercial paper ratings could adversely affect our liquidity, increase our interest expense and limit our financing options. 
Historically, we have relied on the public debt capital markets to fund portions of our capital investments and other expenditures and access to the commercial paper market as part of our working capital management strategy. Our continued access to these markets, and the terms of such access, depend on multiple factors including the condition of the debt capital markets, our operating performance and our credit ratings. Standard & Poor’s has assigned us a senior unsecured debt credit rating of BBB, a commercial paper rating of A-2 and a ratings outlook of “stable.” Moody’s Investors Service has assigned us an unsecured debt credit rating of Baa2, a commercial paper rating of P-2 and a ratings outlook of “stable.” These ratings are based on a number of factors, including assessments of our financial strength and financial policies. If our credit ratings drop, our interest expense may increase and our access to financing may become limited. If our commercial paper ratings drop below current levels, we may have difficulty utilizing the commercial paper market. In addition, increased volatility or disruption in the debt capital markets could adversely affect our ability to refinance existing debt.

- 94 -

We are also subject to other risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

changes in our ability to attract and retain drivers and package and freight handlers;

•

the increasing costs of compliance with federal, state and foreign governmental agency mandates (including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act) and defending against inappropriate or unjustified enforcement or other actions by such agencies; 

•

changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the euro, Chinese yuan, British pound, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Mexican peso, which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency sales prices; 

•

market acceptance of our new service and growth initiatives; 

•

any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action and other litigation, such as wage-and-hour, joint employment, securities and discrimination and retaliation claims, and any other legal or governmental proceedings, including the matters discussed in Note 18 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements; 

•

the outcome of future negotiations to reach new collective bargaining agreements — including with the union that represents the pilots of FedEx Express (the current pilot agreement is scheduled to become amendable in November 2021), with the union elected in 2015 to represent drivers at a FedEx Freight, Inc. facility in the U.S., and with the union certified in 2019 to represent owner-drivers at a FedEx Freight Canada, Corp. facility; 

•

the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services, and our ability to continue to identify and eliminate unnecessary information-technology redundancy and complexity throughout the organization; 

•

governmental underinvestment in transportation infrastructure, which could increase our costs and adversely impact our service levels due to traffic congestion or sub-optimal routing of our vehicles and aircraft; 

•

widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis; 

•

stockholder activism, which could divert the attention of management and our board of directors from our business, hinder execution of our business strategy, give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future and cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly; and

•

the alternative interest rates we are able to negotiate with counterparties pursuant to the relevant provisions of our credit agreements in the event the London Interbank Offered Rate or the euro interbank offered rate cease to exist and we make borrowings under the agreements.