Our financial and operating results are subject to many risks and uncertainties, as described below. 

We are directly affected by the state of the economy.
 While macro-economic risks apply to most companies, we are particularly
vulnerable. The transportation industry is highly cyclical and especially susceptible to trends in economic activity. Our primary business is to transport goods, so our business levels are directly tied to the purchase and production of goods —
key macro-economic measurements. When individuals and companies purchase and produce fewer goods, we transport fewer goods, and as companies expand the number of distribution centers and move manufacturing closer to consumer markets, we transport
goods shorter distances. In addition, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure, which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels. Moreover, as we continue to grow our international business, we are increasingly affected by
the health of the global economy, the rate of growth of global trade and the typically more volatile economies of emerging markets. Most recently, the United Kingdom’s 

- 81 -

Table of Contents

(“UK”) vote to leave the European Union (“EU”) could result in economic uncertainty and instability, resulting in fewer goods being transported globally. In 2016, we saw a
continued customer preference for slower, less costly shipping services. 

Our businesses depend on our strong reputation and the value
of the FedEx brand.
 The FedEx brand name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability and speed. FedEx is one of the most widely recognized, trusted and respected brands in the world, and the FedEx brand is one of our most important and
valuable assets. In addition, we have a strong reputation among customers and the general public for high standards of social and environmental responsibility and corporate governance and ethics. The FedEx brand name and our corporate reputation are
powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our employees, contractors or agents, such as customer service mishaps
or noncompliance with laws, could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. With the increase in the use of social media outlets such as YouTube and Twitter, adverse publicity can be disseminated quickly and broadly, making it
increasingly difficult for us to effectively respond. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as
require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand. 

The failure to integrate successfully the
businesses and operations of FedEx Express and TNT Express in the expected time frame may adversely affect our future results. 
Prior to FedEx’s acquisition of TNT Express in May 2016, FedEx Express and TNT Express operated as
independent companies. There can be no assurances that these businesses can be integrated successfully. It is possible that the integration process could result in higher than expected integration costs, the loss of customers, the disruption of
ongoing businesses, unexpected integration issues, or the loss of key historical FedEx Express or TNT Express employees. It is also possible that the overall post-acquisition integration process will take longer than currently anticipated.
Specifically, the following issues, among others, must be addressed as we begin to integrate the operations of FedEx Express and TNT Express in order to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction:

•

 combining the companies’ operations and corporate functions; 

•

 combining the businesses of FedEx Express and TNT Express and meeting the capital requirements of the combination in a manner that permits us to
achieve the operating and financial results we anticipated from the acquisition, the failure of which could result in the material anticipated benefits of the transaction not being realized in the time frame currently anticipated, or at all;

•

 integrating and consolidating the companies’ administrative and information technology infrastructure and computer systems;

•

 integrating workforces while continuing to provide consistent, high-quality service to customers; 

•

 integrating and unifying the offerings and services available to historical FedEx Express and TNT Express customers; 

•

 harmonizing the companies’ operating practices, employee development and compensation programs, integrity and compliance programs, internal
controls and other policies, procedures and processes; 

•

 integrating the companies’ financial reporting and internal control systems, including our ability to become compliant with the requirements of
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder by the SEC; 

•

 maintaining existing agreements with customers and service providers and avoiding delays in entering into new agreements with prospective customers and
service providers; 

- 82 -

Table of Contents

•

 addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies; 

•

 addressing employee social issues so as to maintain efficient and effective labor and employee relations; 

•

 coordinating rebranding and marketing efforts; 

•

 managing the movement of certain positions to different locations; 

•

 managing potential unknown and unidentified liabilities, including liabilities that are significantly larger than currently anticipated, and unforeseen
increased expenses or delays associated with the integration process; and 

•

 managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger, more complex company. 

All of these factors could dilute FedEx’s earnings per share, decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the acquisition and negatively
impact the price of FedEx’s common stock. In addition, at times the attention of certain members of our management may be focused on the integration of the businesses of FedEx Express and TNT Express and diverted from day-to-day business
operations, which may disrupt our business. 

A significant data breach or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could
disrupt our operations and result in the loss of critical confidential information, adversely impacting our reputation, business or results of operations. 
Our ability to attract and retain customers and to compete effectively depends in part
upon the sophistication and reliability of our technology network, including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers and to protect our confidential business information and the information provided by our
customers. We are subject to risks imposed by data breaches, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists. Data breaches have increased in recent years as the number,
intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. Additionally, risks such as code anomalies, “Acts of God,” transitional challenges in migrating operating company functionality to our
FedEx enterprise automation platform, data leakage and human error pose a direct threat to our products, services and data. 

Any disruption to
our complex, global technology infrastructure, including those impacting our computer systems and fedex.com, could result in the loss of confidential business or customer information, adversely impact our customer service, volumes and
revenues or could lead to litigation or investigations, resulting in significant costs. These types of adverse impacts could also occur in the event the confidentiality, integrity or availability of company and customer information was compromised
due to a data loss by FedEx or a trusted third party. Recently, there has also been heightened regulatory and enforcement focus on data protection in the U.S. and abroad (particularly in the EU), and failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign
data protection regulations or other data protection standards may expose us to litigation, fines, sanctions or other penalties, which could harm our reputation and adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery
plans. The development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly more sophisticated. Despite our efforts, we are not
fully insulated from data breaches, technology disruptions or data loss, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. Although we have not experienced data breaches or other disruptions to our technology infrastructure
that are material either individually or in the aggregate, we may be unable to detect or prevent a material breach or disruption in the future. 

Our transportation businesses are impacted by the price and availability of fuel.
 We must purchase large quantities of fuel to operate
our aircraft and vehicles, and the price and availability of fuel can be unpredictable and beyond our control. To date, we have been mostly successful in mitigating over time the expense impact of higher fuel costs through our indexed fuel
surcharges, as the 

- 83 -

Table of Contents

amount of the surcharges is closely linked to the market prices for fuel. If we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges because of competitive pricing pressures or some other
reason, fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. Additionally, if fuel prices rise sharply, even if we increase our fuel surcharge, we could experience a lag time in implementing the surcharge, which could adversely affect our
short-term operating results. Even if we are able to offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges could move our customers away from our higher-yielding express services to our lower-yielding deferred or ground services or even
reduce customer demand for our services altogether. In addition, disruptions in the supply of fuel could have a negative impact on our ability to operate our transportation networks. 

Our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital decisions based upon projected volume levels.
 We make significant investments in aircraft, package handling facilities,
vehicles, technology, sort equipment, copy equipment and other assets to support our transportation and business networks. We also make significant investments to rebrand, integrate and grow the companies that we acquire. The amount and timing of
capital investments depend on various factors, including our anticipated volume growth. We must make commitments to purchase or modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed. We must predict volume levels and fleet requirements and
make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. Missing our projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes. Overcapacity could lead to asset dispositions or write-downs and undercapacity could
negatively impact service levels. 

We face intense competition.
 The transportation and business services markets are both
highly competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no macro-economic growth. Some of our competitors have more financial resources than we do, or they are controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, which
enables them to raise capital more easily. We also compete with regional transportation providers that operate smaller and less capital-intensive transportation networks and startups that combine technology with crowdsourcing to focus on local
market needs. In addition, some high volume package shippers, such as Amazon.com, are developing in-house delivery capabilities, which could in turn reduce our revenues and market share. We believe we compete effectively with these companies —
for example, by providing more reliable service at compensatory prices. However, an irrational pricing environment can limit our ability not only to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs),
but also to maintain or grow our market share. While we believe we compete effectively through our current service offerings, if our current competitors or potential future competitors offer a broader range of services or more effectively bundle
their services, it could impede our ability to maintain or grow our market share. Moreover, if our current customers, such as Amazon.com, become competitors, it will reduce our revenue and could negatively impact our financial condition and results
of operations. 

If we do not successfully execute or effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses, our
financial results and reputation may suffer.
 Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and to realize the benefits we expect when we make
those acquisitions. In furtherance of this strategy, in addition to TNT Express, we have acquired businesses in Europe, Latin America, Africa and the United States over the past several years. While we expect our past and future acquisitions to
enhance our value proposition to customers and improve our long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we
allocate to these acquired businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets. 

Labor organizations attempt to organize
groups of our employees from time to time, and potential changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so.
 If we are unable to continue to maintain good relationships with our employees and prevent labor organizations from
organizing groups of our employees, our operating costs could significantly increase and our operational flexibility could be significantly reduced. Despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions, other than the pilots of FedEx Express and
drivers at four FedEx Freight facilities, our U.S. employees have thus far chosen not to unionize (we acquired GENCO in January 2015, which already had a small number of employees that are members of unions). 

- 84 -

Table of Contents

The U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered adopting changes in labor laws, however, that would make it
easier for unions to organize units of our employees. For example, there is always a possibility that Congress could remove most FedEx Express employees from the purview of the RLA. For additional discussion of the RLA, see Part I, Item 1 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Regulation.” Such legislation could expose our customers to the type of service disruptions that the RLA was designed to prevent — local work stoppages in key areas that
interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive, high-value goods throughout our global network. Such disruptions could threaten our ability to provide competitively priced shipping options and ready access to global markets. 

There is also the possibility that Congress could pass other labor legislation that could adversely affect our companies, such as FedEx Ground and FedEx
Freight, whose employees are governed by the National Labor Relations Act of 1935, as amended (“NLRA”). In addition, federal and state governmental agencies, such as the National Labor Relations Board, have and may continue to take actions
that could make it easier for our employees to organize under the RLA or NLRA. Finally, changes to federal or state laws governing employee classification could impact the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as independent employers of
drivers. If FedEx Ground is deemed to be a joint employer of independent contractors’ employees, labor organizations could more easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially and we could incur significant
capital outlays. 

FedEx Ground relies on owner-operators to conduct its linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations, and the status of
these owner-operators as independent contractors and direct employers of drivers providing these services, is being challenged.
 FedEx Ground’s use of independent contractors is well suited to the needs of the ground delivery
business and its customers, as evidenced by the strong growth of this business segment. We are involved in numerous lawsuits and state tax and other administrative proceedings that claim that the company’s owner-operators under a contractor
model no longer in use should have been treated as our employees rather than independent contractors, or that drivers employed by independent contractors should be treated as our employees. We incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending
the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as independent contractors. 

We believe that FedEx Ground’s owner-operators are
properly classified as independent contractors and that FedEx Ground is not an employer of the drivers of the company’s independent contractors. However, adverse determinations in these matters could, among other things, entitle certain of our
owner-operators and their drivers to the reimbursement of certain expenses and to the benefit of wage-and-hour laws and result in employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for FedEx Ground, and could result in changes to the independent
contractor status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators. Changes to state laws governing the definition of independent contractors could also impact the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators. 

The UK vote to leave the EU could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
There is substantial
uncertainty surrounding the UK’s June 23, 2016 vote to leave the EU (“Brexit”). Any impact of the Brexit vote depends on the terms of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, which still need to be determined and could take several years
to accomplish. The UK’s withdrawal from the EU could result in a global economic downturn, which could depress the demand for our services. The UK also could lose access to the single EU market and to the global trade deals negotiated by the EU
on behalf of its members, depressing trade between the UK and other countries, which would negatively impact our international operations. Additionally, we may face new regulations regarding trade, aviation, security and employees, among others in
the UK. Compliance with such regulations could be costly, negatively impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Disruptions or modifications in service by the USPS or changes in its business could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial
results.
 The USPS is a significant customer and vendor of FedEx. In particular, the USPS is the largest customer of FedEx Express, which provides domestic air transportation services for the USPS’s First Class, Priority and Express
Mail and transportation and delivery for the USPS’s international delivery service. Disruptions or modifications in service by the USPS as a result of financial difficulties or changes in its business, including any structural changes to its
operations, network, service offerings or pricing, could adversely affect our operations, negatively impacting our revenue and financial results. 

- 85 -

Table of Contents

The transportation infrastructure continues to be a target of terrorist
activities.
 Because transportation assets continue to be a target of terrorist activities, governments around the world are adopting or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase operating costs and
potentially slow service for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. For example, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration requires FedEx Express to comply with a Full All-Cargo Aircraft Operator Standard Security Plan,
which contains evolving and strict security requirements. These requirements are not static, but change periodically as the result of regulatory and legislative requirements, imposing additional security costs and creating a level of uncertainty for
our operations. Thus, it is reasonably possible that these rules or other future security requirements could impose material costs on us or slow our service to our customers. Moreover, a terrorist attack directed at FedEx or other aspects of the
transportation infrastructure could disrupt our operations and adversely impact demand for our services. 

The regulatory environment for
global aviation or other transportation rights may impact our operations.
 Our extensive air network is critical to our success. Our right to serve foreign points is subject to the approval of the Department of Transportation and
generally requires a bilateral agreement between the United States and foreign governments. In addition, we must obtain the permission of foreign governments to provide specific flights and services. Our operations outside of the United States, such
as FedEx Express’s growing international domestic operations, are also subject to current and potential regulations, including certain postal regulations and licensing requirements, that restrict, make difficult and sometimes prohibit, the
ability of foreign-owned companies such as FedEx Express to compete effectively in parts of the international domestic transportation and logistics market. Regulatory actions affecting global aviation or transportation rights or a failure to obtain
or maintain aviation or other transportation rights in important international markets could impair our ability to operate our networks. 

We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such change.
 Concern over climate change,
including the impact of global warming, has led to significant U.S. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, including our aircraft and diesel engine emissions. For example, in 2015,
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”) issued a proposed finding on GHG emissions from aircraft and its relationships to air pollution. The final finding is a regulatory prerequisite to the EPA’s adoption of a new
certification standard for aircraft emissions. Additionally, in 2009, the European Commission approved the extension of the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme (“ETS”) for GHG emissions, to the airline industry. Under this decision,
all FedEx Express flights that are wholly within the European Union are now covered by the ETS requirements, and each year we are required to submit emission allowances in an amount equal to the carbon dioxide emissions from such flights.

In addition, the U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered bills that would regulate GHG emissions, and some form of federal climate change
legislation is possible in the future. Increased regulation regarding GHG emissions, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, could impose substantial costs on us, especially at FedEx Express. These costs include an increase in the cost of
the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. Until the timing, scope and extent of such regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost
structure or our operating results. It is reasonably possible, however, that it could impose material costs on us. 

Moreover, even without
such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services,
especially our air express services. Finally, given the broad and global scope of our operations and our susceptibility to global macro-economic trends, we are particularly vulnerable to the physical risks of climate change that could affect all of
humankind, such as shifts in weather patterns and world ecosystems. 

A localized disaster in a key geography could adversely impact our
business.
 While we operate several integrated networks with assets distributed throughout the world, there are concentrations of key assets within our networks that are exposed to adverse

- 86 -

Table of Contents

weather conditions or localized risks from natural or manmade disasters such as tornados, floods, earthquakes or terrorist attacks. The loss of a key location such as our Memphis super hub or one
of our information technology centers could cause a significant disruption to our operations and cause us to incur significant costs to reestablish or relocate these functions. Moreover, resulting economic dislocations, including supply chain and
fuel disruptions, could adversely impact demand for our services. 

We are also subject to other risks and uncertainties that affect many
other businesses, including: 

•

 increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare
benefits; 

•

 the increasing costs of compliance with federal, state and foreign governmental agency mandates (including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the
U.K. Bribery Act) and defending against inappropriate or unjustified enforcement or other actions by such agencies; 

•

 the impact of any international conflicts on the United States and global economies in general, the transportation industry or us in particular, and
what effects these events will have on our costs or the demand for our services; 

•

 any impacts on our businesses resulting from new domestic or international government laws and regulation; 

•

 changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the euro, Chinese yuan, British pound, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso,
which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency sales prices; 

•

 market acceptance of our new service and growth initiatives; 

•

 any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action litigation, such as wage-and-hour, joint employment, and discrimination
and retaliation claims, and any other legal or governmental proceedings; 

•

 our ability to achieve the benefits of any ongoing or future profit improvement initiatives; 

•

 the outcome of future negotiations to reach new collective bargaining agreements — including with the union that represents the pilots of FedEx
Express (the current pilot agreement is scheduled to become amendable in November 2021) and with the union that was elected in 2015 to represent drivers at four FedEx Freight facilities; 

•

 the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services, and our ability to continue to identify and eliminate
unnecessary information technology redundancy and complexity throughout the organization; 

•

 governmental underinvestment in transportation infrastructure, which could increase our costs and adversely impact our service levels due to traffic
congestion or sub-optimal routing of our vehicles and aircraft; 

•

 widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis; and 

•

 availability of financing on terms acceptable to us and our ability to maintain our current credit ratings, especially given the capital intensity of
our operations.