Our financial and operating results are subject to many risks and uncertainties, as described below. 

We are directly affected by the state of the economy.
 While macro-economic risks apply to most companies, we are particularly vulnerable.
The transportation industry is highly cyclical and especially susceptible to trends in economic activity. Our primary business is to transport goods, so our business levels are directly tied to the purchase and production of goods — key
macro-economic measurements. When individuals and companies purchase and produce fewer goods, we transport fewer goods, and as companies 

- 81 -

Table of Contents

expand the number of distribution centers and move manufacturing closer to consumer markets, we transport goods shorter distances. In addition, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure,
which is difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels. Moreover, as we continue to grow our international business, we are increasingly affected by the health of the global economy, the rate of growth of global trade and the typically
more volatile economies of emerging markets. In 2015, we saw a continued customer preference for slower, less costly shipping services. 

Our businesses depend on our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand.
 The FedEx brand name symbolizes high-quality service,
reliability and speed. FedEx is one of the most widely recognized, trusted and respected brands in the world, and the FedEx brand is one of our most important and valuable assets. In addition, we have a strong reputation among customers and the
general public for high standards of social and environmental responsibility and corporate governance and ethics. The FedEx brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful sales and marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to
promoting and protecting them. Adverse publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our employees, contractors or agents, such as customer service mishaps or noncompliance with laws, could tarnish our reputation and reduce the
value of our brand. With the increase in the use of social media outlets such as YouTube and Twitter, adverse publicity can be disseminated quickly and broadly, making it increasingly difficult for us to defend against. Damage to our reputation and
loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our
brand. 

We rely heavily on information and technology to operate our transportation and business networks, and any cybersecurity
incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could result in the loss of critical confidential information or adversely impact our reputation, business or results of operations. 
Our ability to attract and retain customers
and to compete effectively depends in part upon the sophistication and reliability of our technology network, including our ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers and to protect our confidential business
information and the information provided by our customers. We are subject to risks imposed by cybersecurity incidents, which can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems, to
sophisticated and targeted measures directed at us and our systems, customers or service providers. Additionally, risks such as code anomalies, “Acts of God,” transitional challenges in migrating operating company functionality to our
FedEx enterprise automation platform, data leakage and human error pose a direct threat to our products, services and data. 

Any disruption to
our complex, global technology infrastructure, including those impacting our computer systems and fedex.com, could result in the loss of confidential business or customer information, adversely impact our customer service, volumes and
revenues or could lead to litigation or investigations, resulting in significant costs. These types of adverse impacts could also occur in the event the confidentiality, integrity or availability of company and customer information was compromised
due to a data loss by FedEx or a trusted third party. While we have invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management and disaster recovery plans, these measures cannot fully insulate us from
cybersecurity incidents, technology disruptions or data loss, which could adversely impact our competitiveness and results of operations. Additionally, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data or system protection measures
could be significant. 

Our transportation businesses are impacted by the price and availability of fuel.
 We must purchase large
quantities of fuel to operate our aircraft and vehicles, and the price and availability of fuel can be unpredictable and beyond our control. To date, we have been mostly successful in mitigating over time the expense impact of higher fuel costs
through our indexed fuel surcharges, as the amount of the surcharges is closely linked to the market prices for fuel. If we are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges because of competitive pricing pressures or some other reason, fuel
costs could adversely impact our operating results. Additionally, if fuel prices rise sharply, even if we increase our fuel surcharge, we could experience a lag time in implementing the surcharge, which could adversely affect our short-term
operating results. Even if we are able to offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges could move our customers away from our higher-yielding express services to our lower-yielding deferred or ground

- 82 -

Table of Contents

services or even reduce customer demand for our services altogether. In addition, disruptions in the supply of fuel could have a negative impact on our ability to operate our transportation
networks. 

Our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital decisions based upon projected volume levels.
 We make
significant investments in aircraft, vehicles, technology, package handling facilities, sort equipment, copy equipment and other assets to support our transportation and business networks. We also make significant investments to rebrand, integrate
and grow the companies that we acquire. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors, including our anticipated volume growth. We must make commitments to purchase or modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually
needed. We must predict volume levels and fleet requirements and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. Missing our projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes. Overcapacity could
lead to asset dispositions or write-downs and undercapacity could negatively impact service levels. 

We face intense
competition.
 The transportation and business services markets are both highly competitive and sensitive to price and service, especially in periods of little or no macro-economic growth. Some of our competitors have more financial resources
than we do, or they are controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, which enables them to raise capital more easily. We also compete with regional transportation providers that operate smaller and less capital-intensive transportation networks.
In addition, some high volume package shippers are developing in-house ground delivery capabilities, which would in turn reduce our revenues and market share. We believe we compete effectively with these companies — for example, by providing
more reliable service at compensatory prices. However, an irrational pricing environment can limit our ability not only to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs), but also to maintain or grow
our market share. While we believe we compete effectively through our current service offerings, if our current competitors or potential future competitors offer a broader range of services or more effectively bundle their services or our current
customers become competitors, it could impede our ability to maintain or grow our market share. 

If we do not successfully execute or
effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses, our financial results and reputation may suffer.
 Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent
strategic acquisitions and to realize the benefits we expect when we make those acquisitions. In furtherance of this strategy, over the past several years, we have acquired businesses in Europe, Latin America, Africa and the United States.
Additionally, in April 2015, we entered into a conditional agreement to acquire TNT Express. 

While we expect to successfully execute the TNT
Express acquisition, we may not be able to complete the transaction on favorable terms, on a timely basis or at all. Additionally, while we anticipate that our past and future acquisitions will enhance our value proposition to customers and improve
our long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can continue to support the value we allocate to these acquired businesses, including their
goodwill or other intangible assets. 

Labor organizations attempt to organize groups of our employees from time to time, and potential
changes in labor laws could make it easier for them to do so.
 If we are unable to continue to maintain good relationships with our employees and prevent labor organizations from organizing groups of our employees, our operating costs could
significantly increase and our operational flexibility could be significantly reduced. Despite continual organizing attempts by labor unions, other than the pilots of FedEx Express and drivers at four FedEx Freight facilities, our U.S. employees
have thus far chosen not to unionize (we acquired GENCO in January 2015, which already had a small number of employees that are members of unions). 

The U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered adopting changes in labor laws, however, that would make it easier for unions to organize units of our employees. For example, there is always a possibility
that Congress could remove most FedEx Express employees from the purview of the Railway Labor Act of 1926, as amended (“RLA”). For additional discussion of the RLA, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption “Regulation.” Such legislation could expose our customers to the type of service disruptions that the RLA was designed to prevent — local work stoppages in key areas
that interrupt the timely flow of shipments of time-sensitive, 

- 83 -

Table of Contents

high-value goods throughout our global network. Such disruptions could threaten our ability to provide competitively priced shipping options and ready access to global markets. 

There is also the possibility that Congress could pass other labor legislation that could adversely affect our companies, such as FedEx Ground and FedEx
Freight, whose employees are governed by the National Labor Relations Act of 1935, as amended (“NLRA”). In addition, federal and state governmental agencies, such as the National Labor Relations Board, have and may continue to take actions
that could make it easier for our employees to organize under the RLA or NLRA. Finally, changes to federal or state laws governing employee classification could impact the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as independent contractors. If
FedEx Ground is compelled to convert its independent contractors to employees, labor organizations could more easily organize these individuals, our operating costs could increase materially and we could incur significant capital outlays.

FedEx Ground relies on owner-operators to conduct its linehaul and pickup-and-delivery operations, and the status of these
owner-operators as independent contractors, rather than employees, is being challenged.
 FedEx Ground’s use of independent contractors is well suited to the needs of the ground delivery business and its customers, as evidenced by the
strong growth of this business segment. We are involved in numerous lawsuits and state tax and other administrative proceedings that claim that the company’s owner-operators or their drivers should be treated as our employees, rather than
independent contractors. We incur certain costs, including legal fees, in defending the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as independent contractors. 

We believe that FedEx Ground’s owner-operators are properly classified as independent contractors and that FedEx Ground is not an employer of the drivers of the company’s independent
contractors. However, adverse determinations in these matters could, among other things, entitle certain of our owner-operators and their drivers to the reimbursement of certain expenses and to the benefit of wage-and-hour laws and result in
employment and withholding tax and benefit liability for FedEx Ground, and could result in changes to the independent contractor status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators. Changes to state laws governing the definition of independent contractors
could also impact the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators. 

We may not be able to achieve our profit improvement goal by the
end of 2016.
 In 2013, we announced profit improvement programs primarily through initiatives at FedEx Express and FedEx Services that include cost reductions, modernization of our aircraft fleet, transformation of the U.S. domestic
operations and international profit improvements at FedEx Express, and improved efficiencies and lower costs of information technology at FedEx Services. To this end, since 2013, we have retired from service 25 aircraft and 42 related engines, and
we have adjusted the retirement schedule of numerous aircraft and engines, in an effort to rationalize capacity and modernize our aircraft fleet. Additionally, during 2014, we completed a voluntary buyout program offering cash buyouts to eligible
U.S.-based employees. We will continue to work towards our goal of annual profitability improvement at FedEx Express of $1.6 billion by the end of 2016. Our ability to achieve this objective is dependent on a number of factors, including the health
of the global economy and future customer demand, particularly for our priority services. In light of these factors, we may not be able to achieve our goal. 

The transportation infrastructure continues to be a target of terrorist activities.
 Because transportation assets continue to be a target of terrorist activities, governments around the
world are adopting or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase operating costs and potentially slow service for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. For example, the U.S. Transportation
Security Administration requires FedEx Express to comply with a Full All-Cargo Aircraft Operator Standard Security Plan, which contains evolving and strict security requirements. These requirements are not static, but change periodically as the
result of regulatory and legislative requirements, imposing additional security costs and creating a level of uncertainty for our operations. Thus, it is reasonably possible that these rules or other future security requirements could impose
material costs on us or slow our service to our customers. Moreover, a terrorist attack directed at FedEx or other aspects of the transportation infrastructure could disrupt our operations and adversely impact demand for our services. 

- 84 -

Table of Contents

The regulatory environment for global aviation or other transportation rights may impact our
operations.
 Our extensive air network is critical to our success. Our right to serve foreign points is subject to the approval of the Department of Transportation and generally requires a bilateral agreement between the United States and
foreign governments. In addition, we must obtain the permission of foreign governments to provide specific flights and services. Our operations outside of the United States, such as FedEx Express’s growing international domestic operations, are
also subject to current and potential regulations, including certain postal regulations and licensing requirements, that restrict, make difficult and sometimes prohibit, the ability of foreign-owned companies such as FedEx Express to compete
effectively in parts of the international domestic transportation and logistics market. Regulatory actions affecting global aviation or transportation rights or a failure to obtain or maintain aviation or other transportation rights in important
international markets could impair our ability to operate our networks. 

We may be affected by global climate change or by legal,
regulatory or market responses to such change.
 Concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to significant U.S. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (“GHG”)
emissions, including our aircraft and diesel engine emissions. For example, in 2015, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”) issued a proposed finding on GHG emissions from aircraft and its relationships to air pollution. The
final finding is a regulatory prerequisite to the EPA’s adoption of a new certification standard for aircraft emissions. Additionally, in 2009, the European Commission approved the extension of the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme
(“ETS”) for GHG emissions, to the airline industry. Under this decision, all FedEx Express flights that are wholly within the European Union are now covered by the ETS requirements, and each year we are required to submit emission
allowances in an amount equal to the carbon dioxide emissions from such flights. 

In addition, the U.S. Congress has, in the past, considered
bills that would regulate GHG emissions, and some form of federal climate change legislation is possible in the future. Increased regulation regarding GHG emissions, especially aircraft or diesel engine emissions, could impose substantial costs on
us, especially at FedEx Express. These costs include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or vehicles prematurely. Until the timing, scope and extent of
such regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating results. It is reasonably possible, however, that it could impose material costs on us. 

Moreover, even without such regulation, increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm
our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services, especially our air express services. Finally, given the broad and global scope of our operations and our susceptibility to global macro-economic trends, we are particularly vulnerable to
the physical risks of climate change that could affect all of humankind, such as shifts in weather patterns and world ecosystems. 

A
localized disaster in a key geography could adversely impact our business.
 While we operate several integrated networks with assets distributed throughout the world, there are concentrations of key assets within our networks that are exposed
to adverse weather conditions or localized risks from natural or manmade disasters such as tornados, floods, earthquakes or terrorist attacks. The loss of a key location such as our Memphis super hub or one of our information technology centers
could cause a significant disruption to our operations and cause us to incur significant costs to reestablish or relocate these functions. Moreover, resulting economic dislocations, including supply chain and fuel disruptions, could adversely impact
demand for our services. 

Our business may be adversely impacted by disruptions or modifications in service by the USPS.
 The
USPS is a significant customer and vendor of FedEx, and thus, disruptions or modifications in services by the USPS or any resulting structural changes to its operations, network, service offerings or pricing could have an adverse effect on our
operations and financial results. 

We are also subject to other risks and uncertainties that affect many other businesses, including:

•

 increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare
benefits; 

- 85 -

Table of Contents

•

 the increasing costs of compliance with federal, state and foreign governmental agency mandates (including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the
U.K. Bribery Act) and defending against inappropriate or unjustified enforcement or other actions by such agencies; 

•

 the impact of any international conflicts on the United States and global economies in general, the transportation industry or us in particular, and
what effects these events will have on our costs or the demand for our services; 

•

 any impacts on our businesses resulting from new domestic or international government laws and regulation; 

•

 changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the Chinese yuan, euro, British pound, Brazilian real, Mexican peso and the Canadian dollar,
which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency sales prices; 

•

 market acceptance of our new service and growth initiatives; 

•

 any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action litigation, such as wage-and-hour and discrimination and retaliation
claims, and any other legal or governmental proceedings; 

•

 the outcome of future negotiations to reach new collective bargaining agreements — including with the union that represents the pilots of FedEx
Express (the current pilot contract became amendable in March 2013, and the parties are currently in negotiations) and with the union that was elected in 2015 to represent drivers at four FedEx Freight facilities; 

•

 the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services, and our ability to continue to identify and eliminate
unnecessary information technology redundancy and complexity throughout the organization; 

•

 governmental underinvestment in transportation infrastructure, which could increase our costs and adversely impact our service levels due to traffic
congestion or sub-optimal routing of our vehicles and aircraft; 

•

 widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis; and 

•

 availability of financing on terms acceptable to us and our ability to maintain our current credit ratings, especially given the capital intensity of
our operations.