Our financial and operating results are subject to many risks and uncertainties, as described
below.

Our businesses depend on our strong reputation and the value of the FedEx brand. 
The FedEx brand
name symbolizes high-quality service, reliability and speed. FedEx is one of the most widely
recognized, trusted and respected brands in the world, and the FedEx brand is one of our most
important and valuable assets. In addition, we have a strong reputation among customers and the
general public for high standards of social and environmental responsibility and corporate
governance and ethics. The FedEx brand name and our corporate reputation are powerful sales and
marketing tools, and we devote significant resources to promoting and protecting them. Adverse
publicity (whether or not justified) relating to activities by our employees, contractors or agents
could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. Damage to our reputation and loss
of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and thus have an adverse effect on our
financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as require additional resources
to rebuild our reputation and restore the value of our brand.

We rely heavily on technology to operate our transportation and business networks, and any
disruption to our technology infrastructure or the Internet could harm our operations and our
reputation among customers. 
Our ability to attract and retain customers and to compete effectively
depends in part upon the sophistication and reliability of our technology network, including our
ability to provide features of service that are important to our customers. Any disruption to the
Internet or our technology infrastructure, including those impacting our computer systems and Web site, could adversely impact
our customer service and our volumes and revenues and result in increased costs. While we have
invested and continue to invest in technology security initiatives and disaster recovery plans,
these measures cannot fully insulate us from technology disruptions and the resulting adverse
effect on our operations and financial results.

Our transportation businesses may be impacted by the price and availability of fuel. 
We must
purchase large quantities of fuel to operate our aircraft and vehicles, and the price and
availability of fuel can be unpredictable and beyond our control. To date, we have been mostly
successful in mitigating the expense impact of higher fuel costs through our indexed fuel
surcharges, as the amount of the surcharges is closely linked to the market prices for fuel. If we
are unable to maintain or increase our fuel surcharges because of competitive pricing pressures or
some other reason, fuel costs could adversely impact our operating results. Even if we are able to
offset the cost of fuel with our surcharges, high fuel surcharges could move our customers,
especially in the U.S. domestic market, away from our higher-yielding express services to our
lower-yielding ground services or even reduce customer demand for our services altogether. These
effects were evident in the second half of 2008, as fuel prices reached all-time highs. In
addition, disruptions in the supply of fuel could have a negative impact on our ability to operate
our transportation networks.

77

Table of Contents

Our businesses are capital intensive, and we must make capital expenditures based upon projected
volume levels. 
We make significant investments in aircraft, vehicles, technology, package handling
facilities, sort equipment, copy equipment and other capital to support our transportation and
business networks. We also make significant investments to rebrand, integrate and grow the
companies that we acquire. The amount and timing of capital investments depend on various factors,
including our anticipated volume growth. For example, we must make commitments to purchase or
modify aircraft years before the aircraft are actually needed. We must predict volume levels and
fleet requirements and make commitments for aircraft based on those projections. Missing our
projections could result in too much or too little capacity relative to our shipping volumes.
Overcapacity could lead to asset dispositions or write-downs and undercapacity could negatively
impact service levels.

We face intense competition. 
The transportation and business services markets are both highly
competitive and sensitive to price and service. Some of our competitors have more financial
resources than we do, or they are controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, which enables
them to raise capital more easily. We believe we compete effectively with these companies — for
example, by providing more reliable service at compensatory prices. However, our competitors
determine the charges for their services. If the pricing environment becomes irrational, it could
limit our ability to maintain or increase our prices (including our fuel surcharges in response to
rising fuel costs) or to maintain or grow our market share. In addition, maintaining a broad
portfolio of services is important to keeping and attracting customers. While we believe we
compete effectively through our current service offerings, if our competitors offer a broader range
of services or more effectively bundle their services, it could impede our ability to maintain or
grow our market share.

If we do not effectively operate, integrate, leverage and grow acquired businesses, our financial
results and reputation may suffer. 
Our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and
profitability depends in part on our ability to make prudent strategic acquisitions and to realize
the benefits we expect when we make those acquisitions. In furtherance of this strategy, during
2007 we acquired the LTL freight operations of Watkins Motor Lines (renamed FedEx National LTL) and
made strategic acquisitions in China, the United Kingdom and India. During 2004, we acquired
Kinko’s, Inc. (now known as FedEx Office). While we expect these acquisitions to enhance our value
proposition to customers and improve our long-term profitability, there can be no assurance that we
will realize our expectations within the time frame we have established, if at all, or that we can
continue to support the value we allocate to these acquired businesses, including their goodwill or other intangible assets. During the fourth
quarter of 2008, we recorded a charge of approximately $891 million, predominantly for impairment
of the value of the Kinko’s trade name and a portion of the goodwill recorded as a result of the
Kinko’s acquisition. The charge was necessary, among other reasons, because we revised our
long-term growth plans for that company and its financial performance did not meet our original
expectations.

78

Table of Contents

FedEx Ground relies on owner-operators to conduct its operations, and the status of these
owner-operators as independent contractors, rather than employees, is being challenged. 
FedEx
Ground’s use of independent contractors is well suited to the needs of the ground delivery business
and its customers, as evidenced by the strong growth of this business segment. We are involved in
numerous class-action lawsuits (including many that have been certified as class actions), several
individual lawsuits and numerous tax and other administrative proceedings (including a tentative
assessment in an IRS audit) that claim that the company’s owner-operators or their drivers should
be treated as our employees, rather than independent contractors. We expect to incur certain
costs, including legal fees, in defending the status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators as
independent contractors. We believe that FedEx Ground’s owner-operators are properly classified as
independent contractors and that FedEx Ground is not an employer of the drivers of the company’s
independent contractors. However, adverse determinations in these matters could, among other
things, entitle certain of our contractors and their drivers to the reimbursement of certain
expenses and to the benefit of wage-and-hour laws and result in employment and withholding tax and
benefit liability for FedEx Ground, and could result in changes to the independent contractor
status of FedEx Ground’s owner-operators. If FedEx Ground is compelled to convert its independent
contractors to employees, our operating costs could increase materially and we could incur
significant capital outlays.

Increased security requirements could impose substantial costs on us, especially at FedEx Express.

As a result of concerns about global terrorism and homeland security, governments around the world
are adopting or are considering adopting stricter security requirements that will increase
operating costs for businesses, including those in the transportation industry. For example, in
May 2006, the U.S. Transportation Security Administration (“TSA”) adopted new rules enhancing many
of the security requirements for air cargo on both passenger and all-cargo aircraft, and in May
2007, the TSA issued a revised model all-cargo aircraft security program for implementing the new
rules. Together with other all-cargo aircraft operators, we filed comments with the TSA requesting
clarification regarding several provisions in the revised model program. Until the requirements
for our security program under the new rules are finalized, we cannot determine the effect that
these new rules will have on our cost structure or our operating results. It is reasonably
possible, however, that these rules or other future security requirements for air cargo carriers
could impose material costs on us.

The regulatory environment for global aviation rights may impact our air operations. 
Our extensive
air network is critical to our success. Our right to serve foreign points is subject to the
approval of the Department of Transportation and generally requires a bilateral agreement between
the United States and foreign governments. In addition, we must obtain the permission of foreign
governments to provide specific flights and services. Regulatory actions affecting global aviation
rights or a failure to obtain or maintain aviation rights in important international markets could
impair our ability to operate our air network.

We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory or market responses to such
change. 
Concern over climate change, including the impact of global warming, has led to
significant U.S. and international legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas (GHG)
emissions. For example, in the past several years, the U.S. Congress has considered various bills
that would regulate GHG emissions. While these bills have not yet received sufficient
Congressional support, some form of federal climate change legislation is possible in the
relatively near future. Increased regulation regarding GHG emissions, especially aircraft or
diesel engine emissions, could impose substantial costs on us, especially at FedEx Express. These costs include an increase in the cost of the fuel and other
energy we purchase and capital costs associated with updating or replacing our aircraft or trucks
prematurely. Until the timing, scope and extent of any future regulation becomes known, we cannot
predict its effect on our cost structure or our operating results. It is reasonably possible,
however, that it could impose material costs on us. Moreover, even without such regulation,
increased awareness and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about the GHGs emitted by
companies in the airline and transportation industries could harm our reputation and reduce
customer demand for our services, especially our air express services.

79

Table of Contents

We are also subject to risks and uncertainties that affect many other businesses, including:

 •

the impact of any international conflicts or terrorist activities on the United States and
global economies in general, the transportation industry or us in particular, and what effects
these events will have on our costs or the demand for our services;

 •

any impacts on our businesses resulting from new domestic or international government laws
and regulation, including tax, accounting, trade, labor, environmental or postal rules;

 •

our ability to manage our cost structure for capital expenditures and operating expenses,
and match it to shifting and future customer volume levels;

 •

changes in foreign currency exchange rates, especially in the euro, Chinese yuan, Canadian
dollar, British pound and Japanese yen, which can affect our sales levels and foreign currency
sales prices;

 •

our ability to maintain good relationships with our employees and prevent attempts by labor
organizations to organize groups of our employees, which could significantly increase our
operating costs and reduce our operational flexibility;

 •

a shortage of qualified labor and our ability to mitigate this shortage through recruiting
and retention efforts and productivity gains;

 •

increasing costs, the volatility of costs and legal mandates for employee benefits,
especially pension and healthcare benefits;

 •

significant changes in the volumes of shipments transported through our networks, customer
demand for our various services or the prices we obtain for our services;

 •

market acceptance of our new service and growth initiatives;

 •

any liability resulting from and the costs of defending against class-action litigation,
such as wage-and-hour and discrimination and retaliation claims, patent litigation, and any
other legal proceedings;

 •

the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services;

 •

adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, such as earthquakes and hurricanes, which
can damage our property, disrupt our operations, increase fuel costs and adversely affect
shipment levels;

 •

widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public
health crisis; and

 •

availability of financing on terms acceptable to us and our ability to maintain our current
credit ratings, especially given the capital intensity of our operations, and the current
volatility of credit markets.

80

Table of Contents

We are directly affected by the state of the economy. 
While the global, or macro-economic, risks
listed above apply to most companies, we are particularly vulnerable. The transportation industry
is highly cyclical and especially susceptible to trends in economic activity. Our primary business
is to transport goods, so our business levels are directly tied to the purchase and production of
goods — key macroeconomic measurements. When individuals and companies purchase and produce fewer
goods, we transport fewer goods. In addition, we have a relatively high fixed-cost structure,
which is difficult to adjust to match shifting volume levels. Moreover, as we grow our
international business, we are increasingly affected by the health of the global economy.