We operate in a business environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. Management regularly evaluates the most significant risks of its businesses and reviews those risks with the FE Board and appropriate Committees of the FE Board. The following risk factors and all other information contained in this report should be considered carefully when evaluating FirstEnergy. These risk factors could affect our financial results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. Below, we have identified risks we consider material. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Additional information on risk factors is included in Item 1, "Business,” Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in other sections of this Form 10-K that include forward-looking and other statements involving risks and uncertainties that could impact our business and financial results.

Risks Associated with Damage to Our Reputation and HB 6 Related Litigation and Investigations

Damage to our reputation may arise from numerous sources making us vulnerable to negative customer perception, adverse regulatory outcomes, or other consequences, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Our reputation is important. Damage to our reputation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition and may arise from numerous sources further discussed below, including a breach of the DPA, negative outcomes associated with the SEC investigation or other HB 6 litigation or investigations, a significant cyber-attack or data security breach, failure to provide safe and reliable service, and operating coal-fired generation. Any damage to our reputation may lead to negative customer perception, which may make it difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, or could adversely impact our ability to launch new sophisticated technology-driven solutions to meet our customer expectations. Further, a damaged reputation could further result in FERC and the state utility commissions that regulate our rates, and other regulatory and legislative authorities being less likely to view us in a favorable light, and could negatively impact the rates we charge customers or otherwise cause us to be susceptible to unfavorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements.

If We Violate our DPA That We Entered Into on July 20, 2021, It Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on our Reputation and Consolidated Financial Statements

On July 21, 2021, we entered into a three-year DPA with the U.S. Attorney’s Office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves the previously disclosed U.S. Attorney’s Office investigation into us relating to our lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning HB 6. Under the DPA, the U.S. Attorney’s Office filed a single charge alleging that we conspired to commit honest services wire fraud. The DPA provides that the U.S. Attorney’s Office will defer any prosecution of such conspiracy charge and any other criminal or civil case against us in connection with the matters identified therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of ours, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) continued cooperation with the U.S. Attorney’s Office in all matters relating to the conduct described in the DPA and other conduct under investigation by the U.S. government; (ii) payment of a criminal monetary penalty totaling $230 million, which was paid in 2021; (iii) publish a list of all payments made in 2021 to either 501(c)(4) entities or to entities known by FirstEnergy to be operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or indirectly, and update the same on a quarterly basis during the term of the DPA; (iv) publication of a public acknowledgement of our conduct, including a statement, as dictated in the DPA, regarding our use of 501(c)(4) entities; and (v) continued implementation and review of our compliance and ethics program, internal controls, policies and procedures designed, implemented and enforced to prevent and detect violations of the U.S. laws throughout its operations, and to take certain related remedial measures. If we are found to have breached the terms of the DPA, the U.S. Attorney’s Office may elect to prosecute, or bring a civil action against, us for conduct alleged in the DPA or known to the government, which could result in fines or penalties and could have a material adverse impact on our reputation or relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as our consolidated financial statements. Failure to comply with the DPA, including alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, may also result in a breach of certain covenants contained in our credit agreements and could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit during the existence of any such default.

The SEC Investigation and HB 6 Related Litigation Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on our Reputation, Business, Financial Condition, Results of Operations, Liquidity or Cash Flows

Following the announcement by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio of the investigation surrounding HB 6 in July 2020, certain of our stockholders and customers filed several lawsuits against us and certain current and former directors, officers and other employees, including the federal securities class action litigation 
In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation
 (Federal District Court, S.D. Ohio). The investigations and litigation related to HB 6 could divert management’s focus and have resulted in, and could continue to result in substantial investigation expenses, and the commitment of substantial corporate resources. The outcome, duration, scope, result or related costs of the investigations and related litigation of the government investigations, particularly the SEC investigation and the securities class action lawsuit discussed below, are inherently uncertain. Therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. Moreover, we are unable to predict the potential for any 

9

additional investigations or litigation, any of which could exacerbate these risks or expose us to potential criminal or civil liabilities, sanctions or other remedial measures, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

On August 10, 2020, the SEC, through its Division of Enforcement, issued an order directing an investigation of possible securities laws violations by FirstEnergy, and on September 1, 2020, issued subpoenas to FirstEnergy and certain of its officers. We are cooperating with the SEC in their ongoing investigation. We believe that it is probable that FE will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of the SEC’s investigation. Given the ongoing nature and complexity of such investigation, we cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from the resolution of the SEC investigation, but such resolution could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 

We also believe that it is probable that FE will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of 
In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation
. Given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, we cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from its resolution. However, if it is resolved against us substantial monetary damages could result and our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 

These matters are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on the trading prices of our securities. See Note 13, “Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for additional details on the government investigations and subsequent litigation surrounding HB 6.

The HB 6 Related State Regulatory Investigations Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on our Reputation, Business, Financial Condition, Results of Operations, Liquidity or Cash Flows

There are several state regulatory matters associated with the ongoing governmental investigations including, but not limited to, the following:

•
On August 16, 2022, the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio requested that the PUCO stay the following pending HB 6 related matters for a period of six months, which request was granted by the PUCO on August 24, 2022:

◦
On September 15, 2020, the PUCO opened a new proceeding to review the political and charitable spending by the Ohio Companies in support of HB 6 and the subsequent referendum effort. 

◦
On November 4, 2020, the PUCO initiated an additional corporate separation audit as a result of the FirstEnergy leadership transition announcement made on October 29, 2020

◦
On December 30, 2020, the PUCO directed PUCO staff to solicit a third-party auditor and conduct a full review of the DMR to ensure funds collected from customers through the DMR were only used for the purposes established in ESP IV. The auditor’s report was filed on January 14, 2022 and the parties submitted final comments and responses in the second quarter 2022. See ”Outlook – Ohio” below for additional information regarding the auditor’s findings.

◦
On March 10, 2021, the PUCO expanded the scope of an ongoing annual audit of the Ohio Companies’ Rider DCR for 2020 to include a review of certain transactions that were either improperly classified, misallocated, or lacked supporting documentation, and to determine whether funds collected from customers were used to pay the vendors, and if so, whether or not the funds associated with those payments should be returned to customers through Rider DCR or through an alternative proceeding.

•
On May 11, 2021, the Maryland Office of People’s Counsel filed a petition asking the MDPSC to open an investigation regarding several matters including possible impacts to PE as a result of the HB 6 investigations in Ohio. On July 26, 2021, the MDPSC opened a proceeding to allow discovery into: (i) whether the HB 6 investigations in Ohio have impacted or could impact the cost to PE of borrowing funds from the regulated companies money pool; (ii) whether money from PE was used to pay for bribes or other misconduct associated with the HB 6 investigations in Ohio or the legal costs related to those matters; and (iii) whether the Icahn Capital appointed directors would have the ability to assert substantial influence over PE in their roles as FE directors. 

While FirstEnergy is committed to pursuing an open dialogue with stakeholders in an appropriate manner with respect to the numerous regulatory proceedings currently underway, the rates our Utilities and Transmission Companies are allowed to charge may be decreased as a result of actions taken by a regulator to which our Utilities and Transmission Companies are subject to jurisdiction, whether as a result of the DPA, any failure to have complied with anti-corruption laws, or otherwise. 

We are unable to predict the adverse impacts on such regulatory matters, including with respect to rates, and, therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. Moreover, we are unable to predict the potential for any additional regulatory actions, any of which could exacerbate these risks or expose us to adverse outcomes in pending or future rate cases, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

10

Risks Associated with the Execution of Recently Announced Strategic Initiatives

The Inability to Close the FET Minority Equity Interest Sale to Brookfield Announced in February 2023 May Have Material Adverse Effects on Our Cash Flows, Liquidity and Financial Condition 

As previously disclosed, on November 6, 2021, FirstEnergy, along with FET, entered into the FET P&SA I, with Brookfield and Brookfield Guarantors pursuant to which FET agreed to issue and sell to Brookfield at the closing, and Brookfield agreed to purchase from FET, certain newly issued membership interests of FET, such that Brookfield would own 19.9% of the issued and outstanding membership interests of FET, for a purchase price of $2.375 billion. The transaction closed on May 31, 2022. On February 2, 2023, FE, along with FET, entered into the FET P&SA II with Brookfield and the Brookfield Guarantors, pursuant to which FE agreed to sell to Brookfield at the closing, and Brookfield agreed to purchase from FE, an incremental 30% equity interest in FET for a purchase price of $3.5 billion. The purchase price will be payable in part by the issuance of a promissory note expected to be in the principal amount of $1.75 billion. The remaining $1.75 billion of the purchase price will be payable in cash at the closing. As a result of the consummation of the transaction, Brookfield’s interest in FET will increase from 19.9% to 49.9%, while FE will retain the remaining 50.1% ownership interests of FET. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval from the FERC and certain state utility commissions, and completion of review by the CFIUS. In addition, pursuant to the FET P&SA II, FirstEnergy has agreed to make the necessary filings with the applicable regulatory authorities for the PA Consolidation. The FET Minority Equity Interest Sale is expected to close by early 2024. Upon closing, FET will continue to be consolidated in FirstEnergy’s GAAP financial statements.

This transaction involves various inherent risks, such as our ability to obtain the necessary regulatory and third-party approvals; the timing of and conditions imposed upon us by regulators in connection with such approvals; and our ability to realize the benefits expected from the transaction. In addition, various factors, including prevailing market conditions, could negatively impact the benefits we receive from this transaction. Our failure to consummate this transaction in a timely manner, including satisfying all closing conditions, could have material adverse effects on our cash flows, liquidity and financial condition. 

The Consolidation of our Pennsylvania Companies May Not be Completed in a Timely Manner or at All, We May Not Be Able to Obtain the Approvals Required to Complete the PA Consolidation or Such Approvals May Contain Material Restrictions or Conditions Which May Make It Undesirable to Complete the PA Consolidation, and We Could Face Litigation Concerning the PA Consolidation, Whether or Not the PA Consolidation is Consummated

The PA Consolidation, including applicable asset sales is subject to numerous conditions, including the approval of NYPSC, PPUC and FERC, which may not approve one or more of the contemplated steps in the PA Consolidation, or such approvals may impose conditions on the completion, or require changes to the terms of the PA Consolidation, including restrictions on the business, operations or financial performance of the resulting operating company, which could be adverse to FirstEnergy’s interests. These conditions or changes could also delay or increase the cost of the PA Consolidation or limit the net income or financial prospects of the resulting operating company. Our inability to complete the PA Consolidation in a timely manner, or at all, including applicable asset sales, could hinder our ability to close the FET Minority Equity Interest Sale to Brookfield and could negatively affect our share price, as well as our future business and financial results. In addition, the work required to complete the PA Consolidation may place a significant burden on management and internal resources. Management's attention and other company resources may be focused on the PA Consolidation instead of on day-to-day management activities, including pursuing other opportunities beneficial to FirstEnergy.

Risks Associated with Regulation of Our Distribution and Transmission Segments

We are Focusing on Growing Our Regulated Distribution and Regulated Transmission Segments. Whether This Investment Strategy Will Deliver the Desired Result Is Subject to Certain Risks Which Could Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition

We focus on capitalizing on investment opportunities available to our Regulated Transmission and Regulated Distribution segments as we focus on delivering enhanced customer service and reliability. The success of these efforts will depend, in part, on successful recovery of our transmission investments. Factors that may affect rate recovery of our transmission investments include: (1) FERC’s timely approval of rates to recover such investments; (2) whether the investments are included in PJM's Regional Transmission Expansion Plan; (3) FERC's evolving policies with respect to incentive rates for transmission assets; (4) FERC's evolving policies with respect to the calculation of the base ROE component of transmission rates; (5) consideration and potential impact of the objections of those who oppose such investments and their recovery; and (6) timely development, construction, and operation of the new facilities.

The success of these efforts will also depend, in part, on any future distribution rate cases or other filings seeking cost recovery for distribution system enhancements in the states where our Utilities operate and transmission rate filings at FERC. Any denial of, or delay in, the approval of any future distribution or transmission rate requests could restrict us from fully recovering our cost of service, may impose risks on the Regulated Distribution and Regulated Transmission operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our regulatory strategy, results of operations and financial condition.

11

Our efforts also could be impacted by our ability to finance the proposed expansion projects while maintaining adequate liquidity. There can be no assurance that our investment strategy in our Regulated Distribution and Regulated Transmission segments will deliver the desired result which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Complex and Changing Government Regulations and Actions, Including Those Associated with Rates, Could Have a Negative Impact on Our Business, Financial Condition, Results of Operations and Cash Flows

We are subject to comprehensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence our operating environment. Changes in, or reinterpretations of, existing laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, could require us to incur additional costs or change the way we conduct our business, and therefore could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our Utilities and Transmission Companies provide service at rates approved by one or more regulatory commissions. Thus, the rates the Utilities and Transmission Companies are allowed to charge may be decreased as a result of actions taken by FERC or by a state regulatory commission in the states in which our Utilities operate. Also, these rates may not be set to recover such applicable utility's expenses at any given time. Additionally, there may also be a delay between the timing of when costs are incurred and when costs are recovered, if at all. For example, we may be unable to timely recover the costs for our energy efficiency investments or expenses and additional capital or lost revenues resulting from the implementation of aggressive energy efficiency programs. While rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable return on investments and recovery of operating expenses, there can be no assurance that the applicable regulatory commission will determine that all of our costs have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will produce full recovery of our costs in a timely manner. Further, there can be no assurance that we will retain the expected recovery in future rate cases.

State Rate Regulation May Delay or Deny Full Recovery of Costs and Impose Risks on Our Operations. Any Denial of or Delay in Cost Recovery Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business, Results of Operations, Liquidity, Cash Flows and Financial Condition

Each of the Utilities' retail rates are set by its respective regulatory agency for utilities in the state in which it operates - in Maryland by the MDPSC, in New Jersey by the NJBPU, in Ohio by the PUCO, in Pennsylvania by the PPUC, in West Virginia by the WVPSC and in New York by the NYPSC - through traditional, cost-based regulated utility ratemaking. As a result, any of the Utilities may not be permitted to recover its costs and, even if it is able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time it incurs such costs and the time it is allowed to recover them. Factors that may affect outcomes in the distribution rate cases include: (i) the value of plant in service; (ii) authorized rate of return; (iii) capital structure (including hypothetical capital structures); (iv) depreciation rates; (v) the allocation of shared costs, including consolidated deferred income taxes and income taxes payable across the Utilities; (vi) regulatory approval of rate recovery mechanisms for capital investment spending programs; and (vii) the accuracy of forecasts used for ratemaking purposes in "future test year" cases.

FirstEnergy can provide no assurance that any base rate request filed by any of the Utilities will be granted in whole or in part. Any denial of, or delay in, any base rate request could restrict the applicable utility from fully recovering its costs of service, may impose risks on its operations, and may negatively impact its results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, to the extent that any of the Utilities seeks rate increases after an extended period of frozen or capped rates, pressure may be exerted on the applicable legislators and regulators to take steps to control rate increases, including through some form of rate increase moderation, reduction or freeze. Any related public discourse and debate can increase uncertainty associated with the regulatory process, the level of rates and revenues that are ultimately obtained, and the ability of the Utility to recover costs. Such uncertainty may restrict operational flexibility and resources, reduce liquidity and increase financing costs.

Federal Rate Regulation May Delay or Deny Full Recovery of Costs and Impose Risks on Our Operations. Any Denial or Reduction of, or Delay in Cost Recovery Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business, Results of Operations, Cash Flows and Financial Condition

FERC policy currently permits recovery of prudently incurred costs associated with cost-of-service-based wholesale power rates and the expansion and updating of transmission infrastructure within its jurisdiction. FERC’s policies on recovery of transmission costs continue to evolve, evidenced by ongoing proceedings to determine an appropriate ROE methodology to determine transmission ROEs, and to determine whether FERC’s existing policies on transmission rate incentives should be revised. If FERC were to adopt a different policy regarding recovery of transmission costs or if there is any resulting delay in cost recovery, our strategy of investing in transmission could be affected. If FERC were to lower the rate of return it has authorized for FirstEnergy's cost-based wholesale power rates or transmission investments and facilities, it could reduce future earnings and cash flows, and adversely impact our financial condition.

We Could be Subject to Higher Costs and/or Penalties Related to Mandatory Reliability Standards Set by NERC/FERC or Changes in the Rules of Organized Markets, Which Could Have an Adverse Effect on our Financial Condition

Owners, operators, and users of the bulk electric system are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and approved by FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure that the bulk electric 

12

system operates reliably. NERC, RFC and FERC can be expected to continue to refine existing reliability standards as well as develop and adopt new reliability standards. Compliance with modified or new reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased investments. If we were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. FERC has authority to impose penalties up to and including $1.5 million per day for failure to comply with these mandatory electric reliability standards.

In addition to direct regulation by FERC, we are also subject to rules and terms of participation imposed and administered by various RTOs and ISOs that can have a material adverse impact on our business. For example, the independent market monitors of ISOs and RTOs may impose bidding and scheduling rules to curb the perceived potential for exercise of market power and to ensure the markets function appropriately. Such actions may materially affect our ability to sell, and the price we receive for, our energy and capacity. In addition, PJM may direct our transmission-owning affiliates to build new transmission facilities to meet PJM's reliability requirements or to provide new or expanded transmission service under the PJM Tariff.

We may be allocated a portion of the cost of transmission facilities built by others due to changes in RTO transmission rate design. We may be required to expand our transmission system according to decisions made by an RTO rather than our own internal planning processes. Various proposals and proceedings before FERC may cause transmission rates to change from time to time. In addition, RTOs have been developing rules associated with the allocation and methodology of assigning costs associated with improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion and firm transmission rights that may have a financial impact on us.

As a member of PJM, which is an RTO, we are subject to certain additional risks, including those associated with the allocation among members of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in PJM’s market and those associated with complaint cases filed against PJM that may seek refunds of revenues previously earned by its members.

Risks Related to Business Operations Generally

Temperature Variations as Well as Severe Weather Conditions or Other Natural Disasters Could Have an Adverse Impact on Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition

Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electric power. Demand for power generally peaks during the summer and winter months, with market prices also typically peaking at that time. Overall operating results may fluctuate based on weather conditions. In addition, we have historically sold less power, and consequently received less revenue, when seasonal weather conditions are milder. In addition, severe weather, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, ice or snowstorms, droughts, high winds or other natural disasters, may cause outages and property damage that may require us to incur additional costs that are generally not insured and that may not be recoverable from customers. The effect of the failure of our facilities to operate as planned under these conditions would be particularly burdensome during a peak demand period and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, which adverse effects could be further exacerbated by an increased frequency of such severe weather events. 

Cyber-Attacks, Data Security Breaches and Other Disruptions to Our Information Technology Systems, or Those of Third Parties We Do Business With, Could Compromise Our Business Operations, Critical and Proprietary Information and Employee and Customer Data, Which Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business, Results of Operations, Financial Condition and Reputation

In the ordinary course of our business, we depend on information technology systems that utilize sophisticated operational systems and network infrastructure to run all facets of our regulated generation, transmission and distribution services. Additionally, we store sensitive data, intellectual property and proprietary or personally identifiable information regarding our business, employees, shareholders, customers, suppliers, business partners and other individuals in our data centers and on our networks. We may also need to provide sensitive data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information. The secure maintenance of information and information technology systems is critical to our operations.

Over the last several years, there has been an increase in the frequency of cyber-attacks by terrorists, hackers, international activist organizations, countries and individuals. These and other unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our network systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business in many ways, including directly through our network infrastructure or through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceiving our employees, contractors and temporary staff. Additionally, our information and information technology systems and those of our vendors and service providers may be increasingly vulnerable to data security breaches, damage and/or interruption due to viruses, human error, malfeasance, faulty password management or other malfunctions and disruptions. Further, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information and/or security.

Despite security measures and safeguards we have employed, including certain measures implemented pursuant to mandatory NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection standards, our infrastructure may be increasingly vulnerable to such attacks as a result of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which attempts to defeat our security measures and gain access to 

13

our information technology systems may be made. Also, we may be at an increased risk of a cyber-attack and/or data security breach due to the nature of our business.

Any such cyber-attack, data security breach, damage, interruption and/or defect could: (i) disable our generation, transmission (including our interconnected regional transmission grid) and/or distribution services for a significant period of time; (ii) delay development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects; (iii) adversely affect our customer operations; (iv) corrupt data; and/or (v) result in unauthorized access to the information stored in our data centers and on our networks and those of our vendors and service providers, including, company proprietary information, supplier information, employee data, and personal customer data, causing the information to be publicly disclosed, lost or stolen or result in incidents that could result in economic loss and liability and harmful effects on the environment and human health, including loss of life. Additionally, because our regulated generation, transmission and distribution services are part of an interconnected system, disruption caused by a cybersecurity incident at another utility, electric generator, RTO, or commodity supplier could also adversely affect our operations.

Although we maintain cyber insurance and property and casualty insurance, there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur, including as a result of cybersecurity-related litigation, will be covered under such policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate. Further, as cyber threats become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, there can be no assurance that we can implement adequate preventive measures, accurately assess the likelihood of a cyber-incident or quantify potential liabilities or losses. Also, we may not discover any data security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the data security breach occurs particularly those of our vendors and service providers.

For all of these reasons, any such cyber incident could result in significant lost revenue, the inability to conduct critical business functions and serve customers for a significant period of time, the use of significant management resources, legal claims or proceedings, regulatory penalties, significant remediation costs, increased regulation, increased capital costs, increased protection costs for enhanced cybersecurity systems or personnel, damage to our reputation and/or the rendering of our internal controls ineffective, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

If Our "FE Forward" Initiative and Other Cost Saving Initiatives Do Not Achieve the Expected Benefits, There Could Be Negative Impacts to FirstEnergy's Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition

In February 2021, we announced a new initiative, FE Forward, to build upon our strong operations and business fundamentals and deliver immediate value and resilience, with targeted working capital improvements by 2022 and capital efficiencies ramping up through 2024 that would be redeployed in a more diverse capital investment program. In the two years that FE Forward has been active, we have realized working capital improvements and annualized capital expenditure efficiencies in line with our previously disclosed expectations. After assessing our accomplishments and shortfalls, FE Forward has been integrated into our ongoing efforts for continuous improvement, including the strategic reduction of operating expenditures and continued reinvestment in a more diverse capital program in support of our long-term strategy.

As such, FirstEnergy has transitioned away from measuring these cash flow metrics and will no longer publish a forecast of these metrics.

In addition to FE Forward, FirstEnergy will leverage other opportunities to reduce costs – such as filling only critical positions, implementing our facility optimization plans, as well as exploring other additional, sustainable opportunities, such as reducing contractor spend. There can be no assurance that FE Forward and our other cost saving initiatives will provide the anticipated benefits to our business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner, if at all.

Our ability to achieve the benefits from FE Forward and our other cost saving initiatives is subject to many estimates and assumptions. FirstEnergy could experience unexpected delays and business disruptions resulting from supporting these initiatives, decreased productivity, and higher than anticipated costs, any of which may impair our ability to reduce operating expenditures and to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm FirstEnergy's business, results of operations and financial condition.

Inflation may negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.

Prices for equipment, materials, supplies, employee labor contractor services, together with the cost of variable-rate debt have increased during 2022, and could continue to increase in 2023 and beyond. Long-term inflationary pressures may result in such prices continuing to increase more quickly than expected. Inflation increases costs for labor, materials and services, and we may be unable to secure these resources on economically acceptable terms or offset such costs with increased revenues, operating efficiencies, or cost savings, which may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.

Continued Supply Chain Disruptions Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations, Cash Flow and Financial Condition. 

We have continued to experience supply chain challenges due to economic conditions that have developed since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, with order lead times increasing across numerous material categories and with some as much as doubling from pre-pandemic lead times. Some key suppliers have struggled with labor shortages and raw material availability, which along 

14

with increasing inflationary pressure, have increased the costs and decreased the availability of certain materials, equipment and contractors. FirstEnergy has taken steps to mitigate these risks and does not currently expect service disruptions or any material impact on its capital spending plan. However, the situation remains fluid and a prolonged continuation or further increase in supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on FirstEnergy’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.

We Are Subject to Financial Performance Risks from Regional and General Economic Cycles as Well as Heavy Industries such as Shale Gas, Automotive and Steel

Our business follows economic cycles. Economic conditions, including inflationary pressures, impact the demand for electricity and declines in the demand for electricity will reduce our revenues. The regional economy in which our Utilities operate is influenced by conditions in industries in our business territories, e.g., shale gas, automotive, chemical, steel and other heavy industries, and as these conditions change, our revenues will be impacted.

We Are Subject to Risks Arising from the Operation of Our Power Plants and Transmission and Distribution Equipment Which Could Reduce Revenues, Increase Expenses and Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Business, Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Operation of generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, human error in operations or maintenance, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental requirements and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. In addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems. Because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.

Capital Investments and Construction Projects May Not be Completed Within Forecasted Budget, Schedule or Scope Parameters or Could be Canceled Which Could Adversely Affect Our Business and Results of Operations

Our business plan calls for extensive capital investments totaling approximately $18 billion from 2021 through 2025, including but not limited to our 
Energizing the Future
 transmission expansion program and our distribution grid modernization, resiliency and reliability programs. We may be exposed to the risk of substantial price increases in, or the adequacy or availability of, the costs of labor and materials used in construction, nonperformance of equipment and increased costs due to inflation, delays, including delays relating to the procurement of permits or approvals, adverse weather or environmental matters. We engage numerous contractors and enter into a large number of construction agreements to acquire the necessary materials and/or obtain the required construction-related services. As a result, we are also exposed to the risk that these contractors and other counterparties could breach their obligations to us. Such risk could include our contractors’ inabilities to procure sufficient skilled labor as well as potential work stoppages by that labor force. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices, with resulting delays in those and other projects. Although our agreements are designed to mitigate the consequences of a potential default by the counterparty, our actual exposure may be greater than these mitigation provisions. Also, because we enter into construction agreements for the necessary materials and to obtain the required construction related services, any cancellation by FirstEnergy of a construction agreement could result in significant termination payments or penalties. Any delays, increased costs or losses, or cancellation of a construction project could adversely affect our business and results of operations, particularly if we are not permitted to recover any such costs in rates.

Physical Acts of War, Terrorism. Sabotage or Other Attacks on any of Our Facilities or Other Infrastructure Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Business, Results of Operations, Cash Flows and Financial Condition

As a result of the continued threat of physical acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attacks in the United States, our electric generation, fuel storage, transmission and distribution facilities and other infrastructure, including power plants, transformer and high voltage lines and substations, or the facilities or other infrastructure of an interconnected company, could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attack, which could result in disruption of our ability to generate, purchase, transmit or distribute electricity for a significant period of time, otherwise disrupt our customer operations and/or result in incidents that could result in harmful effects on the environment and human health, including loss of life. Any such disruption or incident could result in a significant decrease in revenue, significant additional capital and operating costs, including costs to implement additional security systems or personnel to purchase electricity and to replace or repair our assets over and above any available insurance reimbursement, higher insurance deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive insurance policies, legal claims or proceedings, greater regulation with higher attendant costs, generally, and significant damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

15

Failure to Provide Safe and Reliable Service and Equipment Could Result in Serious Injury or Loss of Life That May Harm Our Business Reputation and Adversely Affect Our Operating Results

We are committed to providing safe and reliable service and equipment in our franchised service territories. Meeting this commitment requires the expenditure of significant capital resources. However, our employees, contractors and the general public may be exposed to dangerous environments due to the nature of our operations. Failure to provide safe and reliable service and equipment due to various factors, including equipment failure, accidents and weather, could result in serious injury or loss of life that may harm our business reputation and adversely affect our operating results through reduced revenues, increased capital and operating costs, litigation or the imposition of penalties/fines or other adverse regulatory outcomes.

The Outcome of Litigation, Arbitration, Mediation, and Similar Proceedings Involving Our Business, or That of One or More of Our Operating Subsidiaries, Is Unpredictable and an Adverse Decision in Any Material Proceeding Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations

We are involved in a number of litigation, arbitration, mediation, and similar proceedings. These and other matters may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. Further, no assurances can be given that the resolution of these matters will be favorable to us. If certain matters were ultimately resolved unfavorably to us, the results of operations and financial condition of FirstEnergy could be materially adversely impacted.

In addition, we are sometimes subject to investigations and inquiries by various state and federal regulators due to the heavily regulated nature of our industry. Any material inquiry or investigation could potentially result in an adverse ruling against us, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results.

We Face Certain Human Resource Risks Associated with Potential Labor Disruptions and/or with the Availability of Trained and Qualified Labor to Meet Our Future Staffing Requirements

We are continually challenged to find ways to balance the retention of our aging skilled workforce while recruiting new talent to mitigate losses in critical knowledge and skills due to retirements. Workforce demographic issues challenge employers nationwide and are of particular concern to the electric utility industry. Over the next three years, 34% percent of our current employees will meet the eligibility requirements to retire. Our costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees and productivity costs, may rise. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. If we are unable to successfully recruit and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be negatively affected.

Additionally, a significant number of our physical workforce are represented by unions. While we believe that our relations with our employees are generally fair, we cannot provide assurances that the company will be completely free of labor disruptions such as work stoppages, work slowdowns, union organizing campaigns, strikes, lockouts or that any labor disruption will be favorably resolved. Mitigating these risks could require additional financial commitments and the failure to prevent labor disruptions and retain and/or attract trained and qualified labor could have an adverse effect on our business.

Significant Increases in Our Operation and Maintenance Expenses, Including Our Health Care and Pension Costs, Could Adversely Affect Our Future Earnings and Liquidity

We continually focus on limiting and reducing where possible, our operation and maintenance expenses. However, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures related to operation and maintenance expenses, including in the areas of health care and pension costs. We have experienced health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our cash outlay for health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken requiring employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits. The measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations and costs is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, many of which relate to factors beyond our control. These assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, discount rates, health care cost trends, benefit design changes, salary increases, the demographics of plan participants and regulatory requirements. While we anticipate that our operation and maintenance expenses will continue to increase, if actual results differ materially from our assumptions, our costs could be significantly higher than expected which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Changes in Technology and Regulatory Policies May Make Our Facilities Significantly Less Competitive and Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations

Traditionally, electricity is generated at large, central station generation facilities. This method results in economies of scale and lower unit costs than newer generation technologies such as fuel cells, microturbines, windmills and photovoltaic solar cells. It is possible that advances in newer generation technologies will make newer generation technologies more cost-effective, or that legislation addressing climate change at the federal or state level together with changes in regulatory policy will create incentives or benefits that otherwise make these newer generation technologies even more competitive with central station electricity production. To the extent that newer generation technologies are connected directly to load, bypassing the transmission and distribution systems, potential impacts could include decreased transmission and distribution revenues, stranded assets and 

16

increased uncertainty in load forecasting and integrated resource planning and could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Energy Companies are Subject to Adverse Publicity Causing Less Favorable Regulatory and Legislative Outcomes Which Could Have an Adverse Impact on Our Business

Energy companies, including the Utilities and Transmission Companies, have been the subject of criticism on matters including the reliability of their distribution services and the speed with which they are able to respond to power outages, such as those caused by storm damage. Adverse publicity of this nature, as well as negative publicity associated with the operation of coal-fired generation or proceedings seeking regulatory recoveries may cause less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes and damage our reputation, which could have an adverse impact on our business.

Risks Associated with Environmental Matters

We Have Coal-Fired Generation Capacity, Which Exposes Us to Risk from Regulations Relating to Coal, GHGs and CCRs and Could Lead to Increased Costs or the Need to Spend Significant Resources to Defend Allegations of Violation

Historically, coal-fired generation has greater exposure to the costs of complying with federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air emissions, including GHGs and CCR disposal, than other types of electric generation facilities. These legal requirements and any future initiatives could impose substantial additional costs and, in the case of GHG requirements, could raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities and could require our coal-fired generation to curtail generation or cease to generate. Failure to comply with any such existing or future legal requirements may also result in the assessment of fines and penalties. Significant resources also may be expended to defend against allegations of violations of any such requirements.

We Have a Minority Ownership Stake in a Coal Mine That Requires Governmental Permits and Approvals to Operate and a Failure of the Coal Mine to Renew and Maintain Such Permits and Approvals May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations and Cash Flow

FEV currently holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales predominantly in international markets. The viability of our investment depends upon several factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: Signal Peak’s ability to renew and maintain governmental permits and approvals and remain in compliance with federal, state, and local safety and environmental statutes, rules, and regulations affecting the coal mining industry. Failure by Signal Peak to renew and maintain necessary permits and approvals, and to comply with any such statutes, rules and regulations, may impair its operations and the ability to generate cash flows necessary for Global Holding to pay future dividends and contribute to FirstEnergy’s earnings.

Signal Peak operates a single underground coal mine in south-central Montana and must obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals that impose strict conditions and obligations relating to, among other things, various environmental and safety matters in connection with its mining and coal transportation operations. The rules applicable to these permits and approvals are complex and can change over time. Regulatory authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance. In addition, the public has the right to comment on permit applications and otherwise participate in the permitting process, including through court intervention. Limitations on Signal Peak’s ability to conduct its mining operations due to its inability to obtain or renew necessary permits or similar approvals could materially reduce or even halt production at the mine resulting in an adverse effect on our balance sheet, results of operations and cash flow.

Signal Peak is currently a party to litigation that is challenging the validity of its permit to expand its mine into adjacent leased federal coal reserves. After receiving initial approval in 2015 from the OSMRE to expand the mine, environmental non-governmental organizations filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Montana the same year challenging OSMRE’s environmental assessment, which was a finding of no significant impact, and the expansion approval. The District Court affirmed OSMRE’s conclusions, and the environmental non-governmental organizations appealed to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. In April 2022, the Ninth Circuit Court reversed the District Court’s ruling affirming the expansion approval and remanded the case back to the District Court. On February 10, 2023, the District Court vacated the permit issued by OSMRE, which would restrict Signal Peak’s ability to mine federal coal until OSMRE completes an environmental impact statement and reissues the permit.

While the District Court’s ruling is not expected to materially impede Signal Peak’s ability to conduct its mining operations over the next 12-24 months, the inability to successfully obtain the permit from OSMRE would prohibit Signal Peak from mining those adjacent leased federal coal reserves and could further adversely impact Signal Peak from efficiently and economically conducting its mining operations thus reducing its production, cash flow and profitability.

Costs of Compliance with Environmental Laws are Significant, and the Cost of Compliance with New Environmental Laws, Including Limitations on GHG Emissions Related to Climate Change, Could Adversely Affect Our Cash Flows and Financial Condition

Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations. Compliance with these legal requirements requires us to incur costs for, among other things, installation and operation of pollution control 

17

equipment, emissions monitoring and fees, remediation and permitting at our facilities. These expenditures have been significant in the past and may increase in the future. We may be forced to shut down other facilities or change their operating status, either temporarily or permanently, if we are unable to comply with these or other existing or new environmental requirements, or if the expenditures required to comply with such requirements are unreasonable.

Moreover, new environmental laws or regulations including, but not limited to GHG Emissions, CWA effluent limitations imposing more stringent water discharge regulations, or other changes to existing environmental laws or regulations may materially increase our costs of compliance or accelerate the timing of capital expenditures or other capital-like investments. Our compliance strategy, including but not limited to, our assumptions regarding estimated compliance costs, although reasonably based on available information, may not successfully address future relevant standards and interpretations. If we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or new interpretations of longstanding requirements, even if caused by factors beyond our control, that failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal liability and fines. In addition, any alleged violation of environmental laws and regulations may require us to expend significant resources to defend against any such alleged violations. Due to the uncertainty of control technologies available to reduce GHG emissions, any legal obligation that requires substantial reductions of GHG emissions could result in substantial additional costs, adversely affecting cash flows and profitability, and raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities.

The EPA is Conducting NSR Investigations at Generating Plants that We Currently or Formerly Owned, Which Could Result in the Imposition of Fines

We may be subject to risks from changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws and regulations, including, for example, the applicability of the EPA's NSR programs. Under the CAA, modification of our existing and former generation facilities in a manner that results in increased emissions could subject our existing generation facilities to the far more stringent new source standards applicable to new generation facilities.

The EPA has taken the view that many companies, including many energy producers, have been modifying emissions sources in violation of NSR standards during work considered by the companies to be routine maintenance. The EPA has investigated alleged violations of the NSR standards at certain of our existing and former generating facilities. We intend to vigorously pursue and defend our position, but we are unable to predict their outcomes, which could include the possible imposition of fines.

We Are or May Be Subject to Environmental Liabilities, Including Costs of Remediation of Environmental Contamination at Current or Formerly Owned Facilities, Which Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition

We may be subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances that we may have generated regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. We are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and we may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. We also have current or previous ownership interests in sites associated with the production of gas and the production and delivery of electricity for which we may be liable for additional costs related to investigation, remediation and monitoring of these sites. Remediation activities associated with our former MGP operations are one source of such costs. Citizen groups or others may bring litigation over environmental issues including claims of various types, such as property damage, personal injury, and citizen challenges to compliance decisions on the enforcement of environmental requirements, such as opacity and other air quality standards, which could subject us to penalties, injunctive relief and the cost of litigation. We cannot predict the amount and timing of all future expenditures (including the potential or magnitude of fines or penalties) related to such environmental matters, although we expect that they could be material. In addition, there can be no assurance that any liabilities, losses or expenditures we may incur related to such environmental liabilities or contamination will be covered under any applicable insurance policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate.

In some cases, a third party who has acquired assets including operating and deactivated nuclear power stations from us has assumed the liability we may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. If the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability or disputes its responsibility, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold us responsible, and our remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee.

We Could be Exposed to Private Rights of Action Relating to Environmental Matters Seeking Damages Under Various State and Federal Law Theories Which Could Have an Adverse Impact on Our Results of Operations, Financial Condition, Cash Flows and Business Operations

Private individuals may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege personal injury, property damages or other relief. For example, claims have been made against certain energy companies alleging that CO
2
 emissions from power generating facilities constitute a public nuisance under federal and/or state common law. While FirstEnergy is not a party to this litigation, it, and/or one of its subsidiaries, could be named in other actions making similar allegations. An unfavorable ruling in any such case could result in the need to make modifications to our coal-fired generation or reduce emissions, suspend operations or pay money damages or penalties. Adverse rulings in these or other types of actions could 

18

have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and could significantly impact our business operations.

We Are and May Become Subject to Legal Claims Arising from the Presence of Asbestos or Other Regulated Substances at Some of Our Facilities that May Have an Adverse Impact on Our Business Operations, Financial Condition and Cash Flows

We have been named as a defendant in pending asbestos litigations involving multiple plaintiffs and multiple defendants, in several states. The majority of these claims arise out of alleged past exposures by contractors (and in Pennsylvania, former employees) at both currently and formerly owned electric generation plants. In addition, asbestos and other regulated substances are, and may continue to be, present at currently owned facilities where suitable alternative materials are not available. We believe that any remaining asbestos at our facilities is contained and properly identified in accordance with applicable governmental regulations, including OSHA. The continued presence of asbestos and other regulated substances at these facilities, however, could result in additional actions being brought against us. This is further complicated by the fact that many diseases, such as mesothelioma and cancer, have long latency periods in which the disease process develops, thus making it impossible to accurately predict the types and numbers of such claims in the near future. While insurance coverages exist for many of these pending asbestos litigations, others have no such coverages, resulting in FirstEnergy being responsible for all defense expenditures, as well as any settlements or verdict payouts.

Risks Associated with Climate Change Matters

Transition Risks Associated with Climate Change, Including Those Related to Regulatory Mandates Could Negatively Impact Our Financial Results

Where federal or state legislation mandates the use of renewable fuel sources, such as wind and solar and such legislation does not also provide for adequate cost recovery, it could result in significant changes in our business, including material increases in renewable energy credit purchase costs, purchased power costs and capital investments. Such mandatory renewable portfolio requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A number of regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced requirements and/or incentives to reduce peak demand and energy consumption. Such conservation programs could result in load reduction and adversely impact our financial results in different ways. We currently have energy efficiency riders in place in certain of our states to recover the cost of these programs either at or near a current recovery time frame in the states where we operate. 

In our regulated operations, energy conservation could negatively impact us depending on the regulatory treatment of the associated impacts. Should we be required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact. In the past, we have been adversely impacted by reduced electric usage due in part to energy conservation efforts such as the use of efficient lighting products such as compact fluorescent lights, halogens and light emitting diodes. We are unable to determine what impact, if any, conservation will have on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Additionally, failure to meet regulatory or legislative requirements to reduce energy consumption or otherwise increase energy efficiency could result in penalties that could adversely affect our financial results.

Financial and Reputational Risks Associated with Owning Coal-Fired Generation and a Minority-Interest in a Coal Mine May Have an Adverse Impact on Our Business Operations, Financial Condition and Cash Flows

MP's fleet consists of 3,093 MWs of coal-fired generation and FEV holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales in U.S. and international markets. Certain members of the investment community have adopted investment policies promoting the divestment of, or otherwise limiting new investments in, coal-fired generation and coal mining. The impact of such efforts may adversely affect the demand for and price of our common stock and impact our and MP's access to the capital and financial markets. Further, certain insurance companies have established policies limiting coal-related underwriting and investment. Consequently, these policies aimed at coal-fired generation could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

The Physical Risks Associated with Climate Change May Have an Adverse Impact on Our Business Operations, Financial Condition and Cash Flows

Physical risks of climate change, such as more frequent or more extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, and other related phenomena, could affect some, or all, of our operations. Severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme weather event within the Utilities' service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. Further, as extreme weather conditions increase system stress, we may incur costs relating to additional system backup or service interruptions, and in some instances, we may be unable to recover such costs. For all of these reasons, these physical risks could have an adverse financial impact on our 

19

business operations, financial condition and cash flows. Climate change poses other financial risks as well. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers’ energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of the changes. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in additional system assets and purchase additional power. Additionally, decreased energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition through decreased rates, revenues, margins or earnings.

Risks Associated with Markets and Financial Matters

Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition May be Adversely Affected by the Volatility in Pension and OPEB Investments and Obligations Due to Capital Market Performance and Other Changes

FirstEnergy recognizes in income the change in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses for its pension and OPEB plans. This adjustment is recognized in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement, resulting in greater volatility in pension and OPEB expenses and may materially impact our results of operations.

Our financial statements reflect the values of the assets held in trust to satisfy our obligations under pension and OPEB plans. Certain of the assets held in these trusts do not have readily determinable market values. Changes in the estimates and assumptions inherent in the value of these assets could affect the value of the trusts. If the value of the assets held by the trusts declines by a material amount, our funding obligation to the trusts could materially increase. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our projected return rates. Forecasting investment earnings and costs to pay future pension and other obligations requires significant judgment and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. Capital market conditions that generate investment losses or that negatively impact the discount rate and increase the present value of liabilities may increase our future pension and OPEB expenses and further may have significant impacts on the value of the pension and other trust funds, which could require significant additional funding and negatively impact our results of operations and financial position.

Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition May be Adversely Affected by Certain Risks Related to our Minority Interest in a Coal Mine

FEV currently holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales predominantly in international markets. In the second quarter of 2022, FEV received its first dividend of $20 million after more than ten years of equity ownership in the joint venture and received total dividends in 2022 of $170 million. Additionally, during 2022, FirstEnergy recognized approximately $168 million of pre-tax earnings (approximately $128 million after-tax) from its investment in Global Holding. Global Holding’s ability to positively affect our results of operations or pay future dividends depends upon several factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: the market price of coal, the availability and reliability of transportation facilities and other systems, and Global Holding’s ability to renew and maintain governmental permits and approvals and remain in compliance with safety and environmental regulations affecting the coal mining industry.

The price for Signal Peak’s coal depends upon factors beyond our control, including: overall global economic conditions, the effect of worldwide energy consumption, including the impact of technological advances on energy consumption; international developments impacting the supply of coal; international developments impacting the supply of oil & gas; and the impact of domestic and foreign governmental laws and regulations, including environmental and climate change regulations. Any adverse change in these factors could result in weaker demand and lower prices for Global Holding’s products, and, as a result, could impact Global Holding’s ability to pay future dividends or adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations.

Failure to Comply with Debt Covenants in Our Credit Agreements or Conditions Could Adversely Affect Our Ability to Execute Future Borrowings and/or Require Early Repayment, and Could Restrict our Ability to Obtain Additional or Replacement Financing on Acceptable Terms or at All

Our debt and credit agreements contain various financial and other covenants including a requirement for FE to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 times, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter for the last four fiscal quarters beginning with the quarter ending December 31, 2021, and that each other borrower maintain a consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio of no more than 65%, and 75% for FET, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter.

Our credit agreements contain certain negative and affirmative covenants. Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in 2021 Credit Facilities has been and may, in the future, be affected by events related to the ongoing government investigations or otherwise, including a failure to comply with the terms of the DPA.

A breach of any of the covenants contained in our credit agreements, including any breach related to alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit while any default exists. Upon the occurrence of such an event of default, any amounts outstanding under our credit facilities could be declared to be immediately due and payable and all applicable commitments to extend further credit could be terminated. If indebtedness under our credit facilities is accelerated, 

20

there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay the indebtedness. In addition, certain events, including but not limited to any covenant breach related to alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, an event of default under our credit agreements, and the acceleration of applicable commitments under such facilities could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all. The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our credit facilities and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities.

Interest Rates and/or a Credit Rating Downgrade Could Negatively Affect Our or Our Subsidiaries' Financing Costs, Ability to Access Capital and Requirement to Post Collateral

We have near-term exposure to interest rates from outstanding indebtedness indexed to variable interest rates, and we have exposure to future interest rates to the extent we seek to raise debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt obligations and fund construction or other investment opportunities. Past disruptions in capital and credit markets have resulted in higher interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities, increased costs for variable interest rate debt securities and failed remarketing of variable interest rate tax-exempt debt issued to finance certain of our former facilities. Disruptions in capital and credit markets could result in higher interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities and increase our financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations. Also, interest rates could change as a result of economic or other events that are beyond our risk management processes. As a result, we cannot always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have if actual events lead to greater losses or costs than our risk management positions were intended to hedge. Although we employ risk management techniques to hedge against interest rate volatility, significant and sustained increases in market interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and negatively impact our reported results of operations.

We rely on access to bank and capital markets as sources of liquidity for cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. Additional downgrades in FirstEnergy or FirstEnergy subsidiaries' credit ratings from the nationally recognized credit rating agencies, particularly to levels below investment grade, could negatively affect our ability to access the bank and capital markets, especially in a time of uncertainty in either of those markets, and may require us to post cash collateral to support outstanding commodity positions in the wholesale market, as well as available letters of credit and other guarantees. Furthermore, additional downgrades could increase the cost of such capital by causing us to incur higher interest rates and fees associated with such capital. Additional rating downgrades would further increase our interest expense on certain of FirstEnergy's long-term debt obligations and would also further increase the fees we pay on our various existing credit facilities, thus increasing the cost of our working capital. Such additional rating downgrades could also negatively impact our ability to grow our regulated businesses or execute our business strategies by substantially increasing the cost of, or limiting access to, capital.

In addition, events related to the ongoing government investigations may expose us to higher interest rates for additional indebtedness, whether as a result of ratings downgrades or otherwise, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all. See 
“Failure to Comply with Debt Covenants in our Credit Agreements or Conditions Could Adversely Affect our Ability to Execute Future Borrowings and/or Require Early Repayment, and Could Restrict our Ability to Obtain Additional or Replacement Financing on Acceptable Terms or at All.”

In the Event of Volatility or Unfavorable Conditions in the Capital and Credit Markets, Our Business, Including the Immediate Availability and Cost of Short-Term Funds for Liquidity Requirements, Our Ability to Meet Long-Term Commitments and the Competitiveness and Liquidity of Energy Markets May be Adversely Affected, Which Could Negatively Impact Our Results of Operations, Cash Flows and Financial Condition

We rely on the capital markets to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from our operations. We also use LOCs provided by various financial institutions to support our hedging operations. We also deposit cash in short-term investments. In the event of volatility in the capital and credit markets, our ability to draw on our credit facilities and cash may be adversely affected. Our access to funds under those credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the financial institutions that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. Those institutions may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. Any delay in our ability to access those funds, even for a short period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Should there be fluctuations in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant foreign or domestic financial institutions or foreign governments, our access to liquidity needed for our business could be adversely affected. Unfavorable conditions could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures or other capital-like investments, changing hedging strategies to reduce collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating future dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash.

Energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple counterparties, which could be adversely affected should there be disruptions in the capital and credit markets. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to our business. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those 

21

markets or attempts to replace those market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.

The IRA of 2022 Could Change the Rate of Taxes Imposed On Us and Could Negatively Affect Our Cash Flows and Financial Condition 

On August 16, 2022, the U.S. President signed into law the IRA of 2022 which, among other things, imposes a new 15% corporate AMT based on AFSI, applicable to corporations with a three-year average AFSI over $1 billion. The AMT is effective for the 2023 tax year and, if applicable, corporations must pay the greater of the regular corporate income tax or the AMT. Although NOL carryforwards created through the regular corporate income tax system cannot be used to reduce the AMT, financial statement net operating losses can be used to reduce AFSI and the amount of AMT owed. The IRA of 2022 as enacted requires the U.S. Treasury to provide regulations and other guidance necessary to administer the AMT, including further defining allowable adjustments to determine AFSI, which directly impacts the amount of AMT to be paid. Based on interim guidance issued by U.S. Treasury in late December 2022, FirstEnergy continues to believe that it is more likely than not it will be subject to the AMT beginning in 2023. Until final U.S. Treasury guidance is issued, the amount of AMT FirstEnergy would pay could be significantly different than current estimates or it may not be a payer at all. The regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation will also be subject to the discretion of the FERC and state public utility commissions. Any adverse development in this legislation, including guidance from U.S. Treasury and/or the IRS or unfavorable regulatory treatment, could reduce future cash flows and impact financial condition.

Changes in Local, State or Federal Tax Laws Applicable to Us or Adverse Audit Results or Tax Rulings, and Any Resulting Increases in Taxes and Fees, May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations, Financial Condition and Cash Flows

FirstEnergy is subject to various local, state and federal taxes, including income, franchise, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes. We exercise significant judgment in calculating such tax obligations, booking reserves as necessary to reflect potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions we have taken and utilizing tax benefits, such as carryforwards and credits. Additionally, various tax rate and fee increases may be proposed or considered in connection with such changes in local, state or federal tax law. We cannot predict whether legislation or regulation will be introduced, the form of any legislation or regulation, or whether any such legislation or regulation will be passed by legislatures or regulatory bodies. Any such changes, or any adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by FirstEnergy or its subsidiaries could have a negative impact on its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new U.S. tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be issued. A reform of U.S. tax laws may be enacted in a manner that negatively impacts our cash flow, results of operations, and financial condition.

The Transition from LIBOR to SOFR Could Adversely Affect our Financial Results

A portion of FirstEnergy’s indebtedness bears interest at fluctuating interest rates, primarily based on LIBOR. LIBOR tends to fluctuate based on general interest rates, rates set by the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks, the supply of and demand for credit in the London interbank market and general economic conditions. FirstEnergy has not hedged its interest rate exposure with respect to its floating rate debt. Accordingly, FirstEnergy’s interest expense for any particular period will fluctuate based on LIBOR and other variable interest rates. On July 27, 2017, the FCA (the authority that regulates LIBOR) announced that it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021, and according to the FCA, IBA will permanently cease to publish overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month LIBOR settings on June 30, 2023. FirstEnergy’s 2021 Credit Facilities provide a mechanism to automatically transition to a SOFR-based benchmark when all U.S. dollar LIBOR settings are no longer provided or are no longer representative. In addition, FirstEnergy’s 2021 Credit Facilities provide an option for the applicable borrower and lender to jointly elect to transition early to a SOFR-based benchmark, or in certain circumstances, an alternative benchmark replacement. It is not possible to predict the effect of these changes, other reforms or the establishment of alternative reference rates in the United Kingdom, the United States or elsewhere. To the extent these interest rates increase, interest expense will increase. If sources of capital for FirstEnergy are reduced, capital costs could increase materially. Restricted access to capital markets and/or increased borrowing costs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and liquidity.

We Must Rely on Cash from Our Subsidiaries and Any Restrictions on the Utilities and Transmission Companies’ Ability to Pay Dividends or Make Cash Payments to Us May Adversely Affect Our Cash Flows and Financial Condition

We are a holding company and our investments in our subsidiaries are our primary assets. Substantially all of our business is conducted by our subsidiaries. Consequently, our cash flow, including our ability to pay dividends and service debt, is dependent on the operating cash flows of our subsidiaries and their ability to upstream cash to the holding company. Any inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make cash payments to us may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.

Additionally, the Utilities and Transmission Companies are regulated by various state utility and federal commissions that generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of utility customers are being met. Those state and federal 

22

commissions could attempt to impose restrictions on the ability of the Utilities and Transmission Companies to pay dividends or otherwise restrict cash payments to us.

We Cannot Assure Common Shareholders that Future Dividend Payments Will be Made, or if Made, in What Amounts They May be Paid

The FE Board will continue to regularly evaluate our common stock dividend and determine whether to declare a dividend, and an appropriate amount thereof, each quarter taking into account such factors as, among other things, our earnings, financial condition and cash flows from subsidiaries, as well as general economic and competitive conditions. We cannot assure common shareholders that dividends will be paid in the future, or that, if paid, dividends will be at the same amount or with the same frequency as in the past.

The Tax Characterization of Our Distributions to Shareholders Will Fluctuate

When we make distributions to shareholders, we are required to subsequently determine and report the tax characterization of those distributions for purposes of shareholders’ income taxes. Whether a distribution is characterized as a dividend or a return of capital (and possible capital gain) depends upon an internal tax calculation to determine earnings and profits for income tax purposes (E&P). E&P should not be confused with earnings or net income under GAAP. Further, after we report the expected tax characterization of distributions we have paid, the actual characterization could vary from our expectation with the result that holders of our common stock could incur different income tax liabilities than expected.

In general, distributions are characterized as dividends to the extent the amount of such distributions do not exceed our calculation of current or accumulated E&P. Distributions in excess of current and accumulated E&P may be treated as a non-taxable return of capital. Generally, a non-taxable return of capital will reduce an investor’s basis in our stock for federal tax purposes, which will impact the calculation of gain or loss when the stock is sold.

Our internal calculation of E&P can be impacted by a variety of factors. FirstEnergy exhausted its accumulated E&P in the second half of the 2019 tax year. This elimination of accumulated E&P will make it more likely that at least a portion of our current or future distributions will be characterized for shareholders’ tax purposes as a return of capital. Upon such characterization, shareholders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the income tax treatment of our distributions to them.