We operate in a business environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. Management regularly evaluates the most significant risks of its businesses and reviews those risks with the FE Board and appropriate Committees of the FE Board. The following risk factors and all other information contained in this report should be considered carefully when evaluating FirstEnergy. These risk factors could affect our financial results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. Below, we have identified risks we consider material. The risks that we face are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with Item 1, "Business,” Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in other sections of this Form 10-K that include forward-looking and other statements involving risks and uncertainties that could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

Risks Associated with Damage to Our Reputation and HB 6 Related Litigation and Investigations

Damage to our reputation may arise from numerous sources making us vulnerable to negative customer perception, adverse regulatory outcomes, or other consequences, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Our reputation is important. Damage to our reputation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition and may arise from numerous sources further discussed below, including a breach of the DPA, negative outcomes associated with the SEC investigation or other HB 6 litigation or investigations, a significant cyber-attack, data security or physical security breach, failure to provide safe and reliable service, and negative perceptions regarding the operation of coal-fired generation, particularly GHG emissions. Any damage to our reputation may lead to negative customer perception, which may make it difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, or could adversely impact our ability to launch new sophisticated technology-driven solutions to meet our customer expectations. A damaged reputation could further result in FERC, the PUCO, and other regulatory and legislative authorities being less likely to view us in a favorable light, and could negatively impact the rates we charge customers or otherwise cause us to be susceptible to unfavorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements. See "Risks Associated with Climate Change, GHG Emission and Other Environmental Matters" below.

If we violate our DPA that we entered into on July 20, 2021, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, consolidated financial statements, and our ability to access capital and our liquidity.

On July 21, 2021, we entered into a three-year DPA with the U.S. Attorney’s Office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves the previously disclosed U.S. Attorney’s Office investigation into us relating to our lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning HB 6. Under the DPA, the U.S. Attorney’s Office filed a single charge alleging that we conspired to commit honest services wire fraud. The DPA provides that the U.S. Attorney’s Office will defer any prosecution of such conspiracy charge and any other criminal or civil case against us in connection with the matters identified therein for a three-year period subject to certain obligations of ours, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) continued cooperation with the U.S. Attorney’s Office in all matters relating to the conduct described in the DPA and other conduct under investigation by the U.S. government; (ii) payment of a criminal monetary penalty totaling $230 million; (iii) publication a list of all payments made in 2021 to either 501(c)(4) entities or to entities known by FirstEnergy to be operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or indirectly, and updating of the same on a quarterly basis during the term of the DPA; (iv) publication of a public acknowledgement of our conduct, including a statement, as dictated in the DPA, regarding our use of 501(c)(4) entities; and (v) continued implementation and review of our compliance and ethics program, internal controls, policies and procedures designed, implemented and enforced to prevent and detect violations of the U.S. laws throughout its operations, and to take certain related remedial measures. If we are found to have breached the terms of the DPA, the U.S. Attorney’s Office may elect to prosecute, or bring a civil action against, us for conduct alleged in the DPA or known to the government, which could result in fines or penalties and could have a material adverse impact on our reputation or relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as our consolidated financial statements. Failure to comply with the DPA, including alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, may also result in a breach of certain covenants contained in our credit agreements and could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit during the existence of any such default.

The SEC investigation and HB 6 related litigation could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

Following the announcement by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio of the investigation surrounding HB 6 in July 2020, certain of our stockholders and customers filed several lawsuits against us and certain current and former directors, officers and other employees, including the federal securities class action litigation 
In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation
 (Federal District Court, S.D. Ohio). The investigations and litigation related to HB 6 could divert management’s focus and have resulted in, and could continue to result in substantial investigation expenses, and the commitment of substantial corporate resources. The 

10

outcome, duration, scope, result or related costs of the investigations and related litigation of the government investigations, particularly the SEC investigation and the securities class action lawsuit discussed below, are inherently uncertain. Therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. See Note 14, "Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.” Moreover, we are unable to predict the potential for any additional investigations or litigation, any of which could exacerbate these risks or expose us to potential criminal or civil liabilities, sanctions or other remedial measures, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

On August 10, 2020, the SEC, through its Division of Enforcement, issued an order directing an investigation of possible securities laws violations by FirstEnergy, and on September 1, 2020, issued subpoenas to FirstEnergy and certain of its officers. We continue to cooperate with the SEC in their ongoing investigation. We believe that it is probable that FE will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of the SEC’s investigation. Given the ongoing nature and complexity of such investigation, we cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from the resolution of the SEC investigation, but such resolution could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 

We also believe that it is probable that FE will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of 
In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation
. Given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, we cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from its resolution. However, if it is resolved against us substantial monetary damages could result and our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 

These matters are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on the trading prices of our securities, which could be material. See Note 14, “Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for additional details on the government investigations and subsequent litigation surrounding HB 6.

The HB 6 related state regulatory investigations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

There are several state regulatory matters associated with the ongoing governmental investigations including, but not limited to, the following:

•
On August 10, 2023, the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio requested for the third time that the PUCO stay the below pending HB 6-related matters for a period of six additional months, which was approved by the PUCO on August 23, 2023. On September 22, 2023, OCC filed an application for rehearing challenging the PUCO’s August 23, 2023, order, which the PUCO denied on October 18, 2023. On November 17, 2023, OCC filed an application for rehearing, and on November 27, 2023, the Ohio Companies filed a memorandum contra OCC’s application for rehearing: 

▪
On September 15, 2020, the PUCO opened a new proceeding to review the political and charitable spending by the Ohio Companies in support of HB 6 and the subsequent referendum effort. 

▪
On November 4, 2020, the PUCO initiated an additional corporate separation audit as a result of the FirstEnergy leadership transition announcement made on October 29, 2020.

▪
On December 30, 2020, the PUCO directed PUCO staff to solicit a third-party auditor and conduct a full review of the DMR to ensure funds collected from customers through the DMR were only used for the purposes established in ESP IV. The auditor’s report was filed on January 14, 2022, and the parties submitted final comments and responses in the second quarter 2022. See ”Outlook – Ohio” below for additional information regarding the auditor’s findings.

•
On March 10, 2021, the PUCO expanded the scope of an ongoing annual audit of the Ohio Companies’ Rider DCR for 2020 to include a review of certain transactions that were either improperly classified, misallocated, or lacked supporting documentation, and to determine whether funds collected from customers were used to pay the vendors, and if so, whether or not the funds associated with those payments should be returned to customers through Rider DCR or through an alternative proceeding.

While FirstEnergy is committed to pursuing an open dialogue with stakeholders in an appropriate manner with respect to the numerous regulatory proceedings currently underway, FirstEnergy shareholders in particular are at risk of being adversely impacted because the rates our Utilities and Transmission Companies are allowed to charge may be decreased as a result of actions taken by a regulator to which our Utilities and Transmission Companies are subject to jurisdiction, whether as a result of the DPA, any failure to have complied with anti-corruption laws, or otherwise. 

We are unable to predict the adverse impacts of such regulatory matters, including with respect to rates, and, therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. Moreover, we are unable to predict the potential for any additional regulatory actions, any of which could exacerbate these risks or expose us to adverse outcomes in pending or future rate cases, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

11

Risks Associated with the Execution of Our Strategic Initiatives

The inability to close the FET minority equity interest sale to Brookfield announced in February 2023 may have material adverse effects on our cash flows, liquidity and financial condition. 

On February 2, 2023, FE, along with FET, entered into the FET P&SA II with Brookfield and the Brookfield Guarantors, pursuant to which FE agreed to sell to Brookfield at the closing, and Brookfield agreed to purchase from FE, an incremental 30% equity interest in FET for a purchase price of $3.5 billion. The majority of the purchase price is expected to be paid in cash upon closing, and the remainder will be payable by the issuance of secured promissory notes, which is expected to be repaid by the end of 2024. As a result of the consummation of the transaction, Brookfield’s interest in FET will increase from 19.9% to 49.9%, while FE will retain the remaining 50.1% ownership interests of FET. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval from the PPUC The FET Minority Equity Interest Sale is expected to close by the end of the first quarter of 2024. Upon closing, FET will continue to be consolidated in FirstEnergy’s financial statements.

This transaction involves various inherent risks, such as our ability to obtain the necessary regulatory and other approvals; the timing of and conditions imposed upon us by regulators in connection with such approvals; and our ability to realize the benefits expected from the transaction. In addition, various factors, including prevailing market conditions, could negatively impact the benefits we receive from this transaction. Our failure to consummate this transaction in a timely manner, including satisfying all closing conditions, could have material adverse effects on our cash flows, liquidity and financial condition. 

Risks Associated with Regulation of Our Distribution and Transmission Businesses

Our ability to grow our distribution and transmission businesses is subject to numerous risks and events, many of which are outside of our control. 

Our ability to capitalize on investment opportunities available to our transmission business depends, in part, on successful recovery of our transmission investments. Factors that may affect rate recovery of our transmission investments include: (1) FERC’s timely approval of rates to recover such investments; (2) whether the investments are included in PJM's Regional Transmission Expansion Plan; (3) FERC's evolving policies with respect to incentive rates for transmission assets; (4) FERC's evolving policies with respect to the calculation of the base ROE component of transmission rates; (5) consideration and potential impact of the objections of those who oppose such investments and their recovery; and (6) timely development, construction, and operation of the new facilities.

Our ability to capitalize on investment opportunities available to our distribution business depends, in part, on any future distribution rate cases or other filings seeking cost recovery for distribution system enhancements in the states where our Utilities operate and transmission rate filings at FERC, including maintaining the affordability of the rates charged to customers. Any denial of, or delay in, the approval of any future distribution or transmission rate requests could restrict us from fully recovering our cost of service, may impose risks on the distribution and transmission operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our regulatory strategy, results of operations and financial condition.

Our efforts also could be adversely impacted by any impediments to our ability to finance the proposed expansion projects while maintaining adequate liquidity. There can be no assurance that our investment strategy in our distribution and transmission businesses will deliver the desired result, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Complex and changing government regulations and actions, including those associated with rates, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We are subject to comprehensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence our operating environment. Changes in, or reinterpretations of, existing laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, have in the past and could in the future require us to incur additional costs, which could be substantial, or change the way we conduct our business, and therefore could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

Particularly, our Utilities and Transmission Companies provide service at rates approved by one or more regulatory commissions. Thus, the rates the Utilities and Transmission Companies are allowed to charge may be decreased as a result of actions taken by FERC or by a state regulatory commission in the states in which our Utilities operate. Also, these rates may not be set to recover such applicable utility's expenses at any given time. Additionally, there may also be a delay between the timing of when costs are incurred and when costs are recovered, if at all. While rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable return on investments and recovery of operating expenses, there can be no assurance that the applicable regulatory commission will determine that all of our costs have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will produce full recovery of our costs in a timely manner.

State rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. Any denial of or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and financial condition.

12

Each of the Utilities' retail rates are set by its respective regulatory agency for utilities in the state in which it operates - in Maryland by the MDPSC, in New Jersey by the NJBPU, in Ohio by the PUCO, in Pennsylvania by the PPUC, in West Virginia by the WVPSC and in New York by the NYPSC – through traditional, cost-based regulated utility ratemaking. As a result, any of the Utilities may not be permitted to recover its costs and, even if it is able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time it incurs such costs and the time it is allowed to recover them. Factors that may affect outcomes in the distribution rate cases include, but are not limited to: (i) the value of plant in service; (ii) authorized rate of return; (iii) capital structure (including hypothetical capital structures); (iv) depreciation rates; (v) the allocation of shared costs, including consolidated deferred income taxes and income taxes payable across the Utilities; (vi) regulatory approval of rate recovery mechanisms for capital investment spending programs; and (vii) the accuracy of forecasts used for ratemaking purposes in "future test year" cases.

FirstEnergy can provide no assurance that any base rate request filed by any of the Utilities will be granted in whole or in part. Any denial of, or delay in, any base rate request could restrict the applicable utility from fully recovering its costs of service, may impose risks on its operations, and may negatively impact such Utility’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, to the extent that any of the Utilities seeks an increase in rates, pressure may be exerted on the applicable legislators and regulators to take steps to control rate increases, including through some form of rate increase moderation, reduction or freeze. Any related public discourse and debate, including with respect to the HB 6 investigation or litigation, can increase uncertainty associated with the regulatory process, the level of rates and revenues that are ultimately obtained, and the ability of the Utility to recover costs. Such uncertainty may restrict operational flexibility and resources, reduce liquidity and increase financing costs.

Federal rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. Any denial or reduction of, or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

FERC policy currently permits recovery of prudently incurred costs associated with cost-of-service-based wholesale power rates and the expansion and updating of transmission infrastructure within its jurisdiction. FERC’s policies on recovery of transmission costs continue to evolve, evidenced by ongoing proceedings to determine an appropriate ROE methodology to determine transmission ROEs, and to determine whether FERC’s existing policies on transmission rate incentives should be revised. If FERC were to adopt a different policy regarding recovery of transmission costs or if there is any resulting delay in cost recovery, our strategy of investing in transmission could be adversely affected. If FERC were to lower the rate of return it has authorized for FirstEnergy's cost-based wholesale power rates or transmission investments and facilities, it could reduce future earnings and cash flows, and adversely impact our financial condition.

We could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards set by NERC/FERC or changes in the rules of organized markets, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

Owners, operators, and users of the bulk electric system are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and approved by FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure that the bulk electric system operates reliably. NERC, RFC and FERC can be expected to continue to refine existing reliability standards as well as develop and adopt new reliability standards. Compliance with modified or new reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased investments. If we were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. FERC has authority to impose penalties up to and including $1.5 million per day for failure to comply with these mandatory electric reliability standards.

In addition, PJM may direct our transmission-owning affiliates to build new transmission facilities to meet PJM's reliability requirements or to provide new or expanded transmission service under the PJM Tariff.

We may be allocated a portion of the cost of transmission facilities built by others due to changes in RTO transmission rate design. We may be required to expand our transmission system according to decisions made by an RTO rather than our own internal planning processes. Various proposals and proceedings before FERC may cause transmission rates to change from time to time. In addition, RTOs have been developing rules associated with the allocation and methodology of assigning costs associated with improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion and firm transmission rights that may have a financial impact on us.

As a member of PJM, which is an RTO, we are subject to certain additional risks, including those associated with the allocation among members of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in PJM’s market and those associated with complaint cases filed against PJM that may seek refunds of revenues previously earned by its members.

Risks Related to our Business Operations 

The hazardous activities associated with generation and distribution of electricity could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

Power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. In addition to natural risks, such as earthquakes, floods, lightning, hurricanes and wind, hazards, such as fire, explosion, collapse and machinery failure, are inherent risks in our operations which may occur as a result of inadequate internal processes, technological flaws, human error or actions 

13

of third parties or other external events. The control and management of these risks depend upon adequate development and training of personnel and on operational procedures, preventative maintenance plans, and specific programs supported by quality control systems, which may not prevent the occurrence and impact of these risks.

The hazards described above, along with other safety hazards associated with our operations, can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and fines and/or penalties.

Our business is affected by variations in weather and severe weather conditions.

Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electric power. Demand for power generally peaks during the summer and winter months, with market prices also typically peaking at that time. Overall operating results may fluctuate based on weather conditions. In addition, we have historically sold less power, and consequently received less revenue, when seasonal weather conditions are milder. For example, in 2023, residential and commercial distribution deliveries were impacted by lower customer usage as a result of the weather. Heating degree days in 2023 were 14% below 2022 and 15% below normal. Cooling degree days in 2023 were 23% below 2022 and 15% below normal.

In addition, severe weather, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, ice or snowstorms, droughts, high winds or other natural disasters, may cause outages and property damage that may require us to incur additional costs that are generally not insured and that may not be recoverable from customers. The effect of the failure of our facilities to operate as planned under these conditions would be particularly burdensome during a peak demand period and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, which adverse effects could be further exacerbated by an increased frequency of such severe weather events.

Cyber-attacks, electronic or physical data security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems, or those of third parties we are connected to or do business with, could compromise our business operations, critical and proprietary information and employee and customer data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

In the ordinary course of our business, we depend on information technology systems that utilize sophisticated operational systems and network infrastructure to run all facets of our regulated generation, transmission and distribution services. Additionally, we store sensitive data, intellectual property and proprietary or personally identifiable information regarding our business, employees, shareholders, customers, suppliers, business partners and other individuals in our data centers and on our networks. We may also need to provide sensitive data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information. The secure maintenance of information and information technology systems is critical to our operations.

Over the last several years, there has been an increase in the frequency of cyber-attacks by terrorists, hackers, international activist organizations, foreign governments and individuals. These and other unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our network systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business in many ways, including directly through our network infrastructure or through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception against our employees, contractors and temporary staff. Additionally, our information and information technology systems and those of our vendors and service providers may be increasingly vulnerable to data security breaches, damage and/or interruption due to viruses, ransomware, unauthorized physical access, theft of access devices, human error, malfeasance, faulty password management or other malfunctions and disruptions. Further, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information and/or security.

As a source of critical infrastructure, the energy industry is at heightened threat of cyber-attacks, which are becoming increasingly more difficult to anticipate and prevent due to their rapidly evolving nature. We cannot anticipate, detect, or implement fully preventive measures against all cyber security threats because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving. For example, as artificial intelligence continues to evolve, cyber-attackers could use artificial intelligence to develop malicious code, denial-of-service attacks, sophisticated phishing attempts and other attacks leading to data loss, loss of operational control, or exploitation of inherent vulnerabilities. 

In addition, the increased use of smartphones, tablets, and other wireless devices, as well as ongoing remote work-from-home arrangements for a substantial portion of our corporate employees, may also heighten these and other operational risks. Furthermore, economic sanctions issued by one country against another, such as those issued by the U.S. and other countries against Russia in response to its war with Ukraine, or other increasing global geopolitical tensions, such as the war between Israel and Hamas, could increase the risk of state-sponsored cyber-attacks.

Despite security measures and safeguards we have employed, including certain measures implemented pursuant to mandatory NERC Critical Infrastructure Protection standards, our infrastructure, as well as the transmission facilities of third parties with whom we are interconnected, may be increasingly vulnerable to such attacks as a result of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which attempts to defeat security measures and gain access to our information technology systems may be made. Because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be 

14

adversely affected by cyber-attacks or other unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties. Given the rapidly evolving nature, sophistication, and complexity of cyber-attacks, despite our reasonable efforts to mitigate and prevent such attacks, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate, prevent, detect, or implement effective preventive measures to protect against all cyber-attack incidents. 

Any actual or perceived cyber-attack, data security breach, damage, interruption and/or defect could: (i) disable our generation, transmission (including our interconnected regional transmission grid) and/or distribution services for a significant period of time; (ii) delay development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects; (iii) adversely affect our customer operations; (iv) expose us to increased risk of lawsuits; (v) expose us to increased risk of regulatory penalties; (vi) expose us to increased risk of loss of potential or existing customers; (vii) expose us to increased risk of damage relating to loss of proprietary information; (viii) corrupt data; and/or (ix) result in unauthorized access to the information stored in our data centers and on our networks and those of our vendors and service providers, including, company proprietary information, supplier information, employee data, and personal customer data, causing the information to be publicly disclosed, lost or stolen or result in incidents that could result in economic loss and liability and harmful effects on the environment and human health, including loss of life. Additionally, because our regulated generation, transmission and distribution services are part of an interconnected system, disruption caused by a cyber security incident at another utility, electric generator, RTO, or commodity supplier could also adversely affect our operations.

Although we maintain cyber insurance and property and casualty insurance, there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur, including as a result of cyber security-related litigation, will be covered under such policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate. Further, as cyber threats continually evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, there can be no assurance that we can implement or maintain adequate preventive measures, accurately assess the likelihood of a cyber-incident or quantify potential liabilities or losses. Also, we may not discover any data security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the data security breach occurs particularly those of our vendors and service providers.

For all of these reasons, any such cyber incident could result in significant lost revenue, the inability to conduct critical business functions and serve customers for a significant period of time, the loss of confidential, sensitive, and proprietary information, including but not limited to personal information of our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and other third parties, the use of significant management resources, legal claims or proceedings, regulatory penalties, significant remediation costs, increased regulation, increased capital costs, increased insurance costs, increased protection costs for enhanced cyber security systems or personnel, damage to our reputation and/or the rendering of our internal controls ineffective, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

If our cost saving initiatives do not achieve the expected benefits, there could be negative impacts to FirstEnergy's business, results of operations and financial condition.

FirstEnergy is engaged in an ongoing effort to create a culture of continuous improvement to strategically reduce our operating expenditures and continually reinvest in a more diverse capital program in support of our long-term strategy. FirstEnergy leverages opportunities to reduce costs – such as filling only critical positions, implementing our facility optimization plans, as well as exploring other additional, sustainable opportunities, such as reducing contractor spend. There can be no assurance that implementation of our continuous improvement culture will allow us to realize the anticipated benefits to our business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner, if at all.

Our ability to achieve the continued benefits from our cost saving initiatives is subject to many estimates and assumptions as well as our ability to hire recruit and retain an appropriately qualified workforce and implement a culture of continuous improvement. FirstEnergy could experience unexpected delays and business disruptions resulting from supporting these initiatives, decreased productivity, and higher than anticipated costs, any of which may impair our ability to reduce operating expenditures and to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm FirstEnergy's business, results of operations and financial condition.

Inflation and interest rate pressures may negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.

Prices for equipment, materials, supplies, employee labor contractor services, together with the cost of variable-rate debt have increased during 2023, and could continue to increase in 2024 and beyond. Long-term inflationary pressures may result in such prices continuing to increase more quickly than expected. Inflation increases costs for labor, materials and services, and we may be unable to secure these resources on economically acceptable terms or offset such costs with increased revenues, operating efficiencies, or cost savings, which may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.

Continued supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

We have continued to experience supply chain challenges due to economic conditions that developed during the COVID-19 pandemic, with order lead times increasing across numerous material categories and with some as much as tripling from pre-pandemic lead times. Several key suppliers have struggled with labor shortages and raw material availability, which along with increasing inflationary pressure, have increased the costs and decreased the availability of certain materials, equipment and contractors. FirstEnergy has taken steps to mitigate these risks and does not currently expect service disruptions or any material 

15

impact on its capital spending plan. However, the situation is subject to change and a prolonged continuation or further increase in supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on FirstEnergy’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition.

We are subject to financial performance risks from regional and general economic cycles as well as data centers and heavy industries such as shale gas, automotive, chemical and steel.

Our business follows economic cycles. Economic conditions, including inflationary and interest rate pressures, impact the demand for electricity and therefore declines in the demand for electricity will reduce our revenues. The regional economy in which our Utilities operate is influenced by conditions in industries in our business territories, e.g., data centers, shale gas, automotive, chemical, steel and other heavy industries, and as these conditions and resultant demand of those industries for electricity generation changes, our revenues will be impacted.

We are subject to risks arising from the operation of our power plants and transmission and distribution equipment which could reduce revenues, increase expenses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Operation of generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, human error in operations or maintenance, acts of terrorism or sabotage, cyber-attacks, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental requirements and governmental interventions, and operational performance below expected levels. In addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems. Because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.

Capital investments and construction projects may not be completed within forecasted budget, schedule or scope parameters or could be canceled which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our Energize365 business plan calls for extensive capital investments totaling approximately $26 billion from 2024 through 2028, including but not limited to our transmission expansion program and our distribution grid modernization, resiliency and reliability programs. We may be exposed to the risk of substantial price increases in, or the adequacy or availability of, the costs of labor and materials used in construction, nonperformance of equipment and increased costs due to inflation, delays, including delays relating to the procurement of permits or approvals, adverse weather or environmental matters. We engage numerous contractors and enter into a large number of construction agreements to acquire the necessary materials and/or obtain the required construction-related services. As a result, we are also exposed to the risk that these contractors and other counterparties could breach their obligations to us. Such risk could include our contractors’ inabilities to procure sufficient skilled labor as well as potential work stoppages by that labor force. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices, with resulting delays in those and other projects. Although our agreements are designed to mitigate the consequences of a potential default by the counterparty, our actual exposure may be greater than these mitigation provisions. Also, because we enter into construction agreements for the necessary materials and to obtain the required construction related services, any cancellation by FirstEnergy of a construction agreement could result in significant termination payments or penalties. Any delays, increased costs or losses, or cancellation of a construction project could adversely affect our business and results of operations, particularly if we are not permitted to recover any such costs in rates.

Physical acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attacks on any of our facilities or other infrastructure could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

As a result of the continued threat of physical acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attacks in the United States, our electric generation, fuel storage, transmission and distribution facilities and other infrastructure, including power plants, transformer and high voltage lines and substations, or the facilities or other infrastructure of an interconnected company, could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attack, which could result in disruption of our ability to generate, purchase, transmit or distribute electricity for a significant period of time, otherwise disrupt our customer operations and/or result in incidents that could result in harmful effects on the environment and human health, including loss of life. Any such disruption or incident could result in a significant decrease in revenue, significant additional capital and operating costs, including costs to implement additional security systems or personnel to purchase electricity and to replace or repair our assets over and above any available insurance reimbursement, higher insurance deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive insurance policies, legal claims or proceedings, greater regulation with higher attendant costs, generally, and significant damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Failure to provide safe and reliable service and equipment could result in serious injury or loss of life that may harm our business reputation and adversely affect our operating results.

We are committed to providing safe and reliable service and equipment in our franchised service territories. Meeting this commitment requires the expenditure of significant capital resources. However, our employees, contractors and the general public may be exposed to dangerous environments due to the nature of our operations. Failure to provide safe and reliable 

16

service and equipment due to various factors, including cyber or physical attacks, equipment failure, accidents weather or natural disasters, could result in serious injury or loss of life that may harm our business reputation and adversely affect our operating results through reduced revenues, increased capital and operating costs, litigation or the imposition of penalties/fines or other adverse regulatory outcomes.

The outcome of litigation, arbitration, mediation, and similar proceedings involving our business, or that of one or more of our operating subsidiaries, is unpredictable. An adverse decision in any material proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We are involved in a number of litigation, arbitration, mediation, and similar proceedings, including with respect to asbestos claims. These and other matters may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. Further, no assurances can be given that the resolution of these matters will be favorable to us. If certain matters were ultimately resolved unfavorably to us, the results of operations and financial condition of FirstEnergy could be materially adversely impacted.

In addition, we are sometimes subject to investigations and inquiries by various state and federal regulators due to the heavily regulated nature of our industry. Any material inquiry or investigation could potentially result in an adverse ruling against us, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results.

We face certain human resource risks associated with potential labor disruptions and/or with the availability of trained and qualified labor to meet our future staffing requirements.

We are continually challenged to find ways to balance the retention of our aging skilled workforce while recruiting new talent to mitigate losses in critical knowledge and skills due to retirements. Workforce demographic issues challenge employers nationwide and are of particular concern to the electric utility industry. On May 9, 2023, FirstEnergy announced a voluntary retirement program for eligible non-bargaining employees, known as the PEER. More than 65% of eligible employees, totaling approximately 450 employees, accepted the PEER, which included lump sum compensation equivalent to severance benefits, healthcare continuation costs and a temporary pension enhancement. Most PEER participating employees departed in 2023. Our costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees and productivity costs, may rise. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. If we are unable to successfully recruit and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be negatively affected.

Additionally, a significant number of our physical workforce are represented by unions. While we believe that our relations with our employees are generally fair, we cannot provide assurances that the company will be completely free of labor disruptions such as work stoppages, work slowdowns, union organizing campaigns, strikes, lockouts or that any labor disruption will be favorably resolved. Mitigating these risks could require additional financial commitments and the failure to prevent labor disruptions and retain and/or attract trained and qualified labor could have an adverse effect on our business.

Significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including our health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.

We continually focus on limiting and reducing where possible, our operation and maintenance expenses. However, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures related to operation and maintenance expenses, including in the areas of health care and pension costs. We have experienced health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our cash outlay for health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken requiring employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits. The measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations and costs is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, many of which relate to factors beyond our control. These assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, discount rates, health care cost trends, benefit design changes, salary increases, the demographics of plan participants and regulatory requirements. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates—Pension and OPEB Accounting.” While we anticipate that our operation and maintenance expenses will continue to increase, if actual results differ materially from our assumptions, our costs could be significantly higher than expected which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Advances and widespread adoption in distributed generation and regulatory policies may make our facilities significantly less competitive and adversely affect our results of operations.

Traditionally, electricity is generated at large, central station generation facilities distributed by our systems. This method results in economies of scale and lower unit costs than newer generation technologies such as fuel cells, microturbines, windmills and photovoltaic solar cells. It is possible that advances in newer generation technologies will make newer generation technologies more cost-effective, or that legislation addressing climate change at the federal or state level together with changes in regulatory policy will create incentives or benefits that otherwise make these newer generation technologies even more competitive with central station electricity production. To the extent that newer generation technologies are connected directly to load, bypassing the transmission and distribution systems, potential impacts could include decreased transmission and distribution revenues, 

17

stranded assets and increased uncertainty in load forecasting and integrated resource planning and could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity causing less favorable regulatory and legislative outcomes which could have an adverse impact on our business.

Energy companies, including the Utilities and Transmission Companies, have been the subject of criticism on matters including the reliability of their distribution services and the speed with which they are able to respond to power outages, such as those caused by storm damage. Adverse publicity of this nature, as well as negative publicity associated with the operation of coal-fired generation or proceedings seeking regulatory recoveries may cause less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes and damage our reputation, which could have an adverse impact on our business.

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by events beyond our control, such as natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, negative global climate patterns, mine subsidence, or other catastrophic events. 

Our operations, or those of our vendors or suppliers, could be negatively impacted by various events beyond our control, including, but not limited to: natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, extreme cold weather events and other adverse weather conditions; public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics; political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war, labor unrest, and other political instability (including, without limitation, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the war between Israel and Hamas); negative global climate patterns, especially in water stressed regions; surface subsidence from underground mining impacting our facilities; or other catastrophic events, such as fires or other disasters occurring at our distribution facilities or our service providers’ facilities, whether occurring in the United States or internationally. These events could disrupt the operations of our corporate offices and our supply chain and those of our vendors and service providers, as well as disrupting our infrastructure and that of third parties with whom we are connected. To the extent any of these events occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected.

Risks Associated with Climate Change, GHG Emissions and Other Environmental Matters

Our aspirations and disclosures related to EESG matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance.

We have published statements concerning our EESG goals and aspirations and, in February 2024, we published a Climate Position and Strategy that included an update on our previously-announced GHG emission goals. We are targeting Scope 1 carbon neutrality by 2050, which for us includes emission from coal generation, SF6 leaks from transmission and distribution equipment, and our mobile fleet (i.e., vehicles). These statements reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our failure to adequately update, accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance and growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, special interest groups and enforcement authorities. Conversely, certain “anti-environmental, social and governance” sentiment among some individuals and government institutions pose the risk that we may face increasing scrutiny, reputational risk, or lawsuits from these parties regarding our EESG initiatives.

Our ability to achieve any EESG objective is subject to our ability to make operational changes and is conditioned upon numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include the evolving regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate, the prevalence of certain EESG standards or disclosures, the evolving laws applicable to environmental, social and governance matters, and the availability of funds to invest in EESG initiatives in times where we are seeking to reduce costs.

Standards for tracking and reporting EESG matters continue to evolve. Our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Methodologies for reporting EESG data may be updated and previously reported EESG data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting EESG matters across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting EESG metrics, including EESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. If our EESG practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation or our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror, service provider or employer could be negatively impacted.

We have coal-fired generation capacity, which exposes us to risk from regulations relating to coal, GHGs and CCRs, which could lead to increased costs or the need to spend significant resources to defend allegations of violation.

We own and maintain coal-fired generating plants located in West Virginia. Historically, coal-fired generation has greater exposure to the costs of complying with federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air emissions, including GHGs and CCR disposal, than other types of electric generation facilities. To the extent that changes in government policies limit or restrict the usage of coal as a source of fuel in generating electricity or alternate fuels, such as 

18

natural gas, or displace coal on a competitive basis, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. These legal requirements and any future initiatives could impose substantial additional costs and, in the case of GHG requirements, could raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities and could require our coal-fired generation to curtail generation or cease to generate. Failure to comply with any such existing or future legal requirements may also result in the assessment of fines and penalties. Significant resources also may be expended to defend against allegations of violations of any such requirements.

Concerns about GHG emissions and the potential risks associated with climate change have led to increased regulation and other actions that could impact our businesses.

Federal and various regional and state authorities regulate GHG emissions, including CO
2
 emissions and have created financial incentives to reduce them. In 2022, FirstEnergy operated businesses that had total CO
2
 emissions of approximately 16.5 million metric tons. For existing power generation plants, CO
2
 emissions data are either obtained directly from plant continuous emission monitoring systems or calculated from actual fuel heat inputs and fuel type CO
2
 emission factors. This estimate is based on a number of projections and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, such as the forecasted dispatch, anticipated plant efficiency, fuel type, CO
2
 emissions rates and our subsidiaries’ achieving completion of such construction and development projects. While actual emissions may vary substantially, the projects under construction or development when completed will increase emissions of our portfolio and therefore could increase the risks associated with regulation of GHG emissions.

In 2010, the EPA adopted regulations pertaining to GHG emissions that require new and existing sources of GHG emissions to potentially obtain new source review permits from the EPA prior to construction or modification. In 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that such permitting would only be required if such sources also must obtain a new source review permit for increases in other regulated pollutants. For further discussion of the regulation of GHG emissions, see Item 1.—Business—Environmental Matters – Climate Change, above. The Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change’s Paris Agreement established a long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels. We anticipate that the Paris Agreement will continue the trend toward efforts to decarbonize the global economy and to further limit GHG emissions. 

Furthermore, the SEC has proposed climate-related disclosure rules that have not yet been enacted as of the date of this report, and certain states have begun to pass their own laws related to GHG emissions. The impact of GHG regulation on our operations will depend on a number of factors, including the degree and timing of GHG emissions reductions required under any such legislation or regulation, the cost of emissions reduction equipment and the price and availability of offsets, the extent to which market based compliance options are available, the extent to which our subsidiaries would be entitled to receive GHG emissions allowances without having to purchase them in an auction or on the open market and the impact of such legislation or regulation on the ability of our subsidiaries to recover costs incurred through rate increases or otherwise. The costs of compliance could be substantial.

We have a minority ownership stake in a coal mine that requires governmental permits and approvals to operate, and a failure of the coal mine to renew and maintain such permits and approvals may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow.

FEV currently holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales predominantly in international markets. The viability of our investment depends upon several factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: Signal Peak’s ability to renew and maintain governmental permits and approvals and remain in compliance with federal, state, and local safety and environmental statutes, rules, and regulations affecting the coal mining industry. Failure by Signal Peak to renew and maintain necessary permits and approvals, and to comply with any such statutes, rules and regulations, may impair its operations and the ability to generate cash flows necessary for Global Holding to pay future dividends and contribute to FirstEnergy’s earnings.

Signal Peak operates a single underground coal mine in south-central Montana and must obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals that impose strict conditions and obligations relating to, among other things, various environmental and safety matters in connection with its mining and coal transportation operations. The rules applicable to these permits and approvals are complex and can change over time. Regulatory authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance. In addition, the public has the right to comment on permit applications and otherwise participate in the permitting process, including through court intervention. Limitations on Signal Peak’s ability to conduct its mining operations due to its inability to obtain or renew necessary permits or similar approvals could materially reduce or even halt production at the mine resulting in an adverse effect on our balance sheet, results of operations and cash flow.

Signal Peak is currently a party to litigation that is challenging the validity of its permit to expand its mine into adjacent leased federal coal reserves. After receiving initial approval in 2015 from the OSMRE to expand the mine, environmental non-governmental organizations filed suit in the United States District Court for the District of Montana the same year challenging OSMRE’s environmental assessment, which was a finding of no significant impact, and the expansion approval. The District Court affirmed OSMRE’s conclusions. In April 2022, the Ninth Circuit Court reversed the District Court’s ruling affirming the expansion approval and remanded the case back to the District Court. On February 10, 2023, the District Court vacated the permit issued by OSMRE, which restricts Signal Peak’s ability to mine federal coal until OSMRE completes an environmental impact statement and reissues the permit.

While the District Court’s ruling is not expected to materially impede Signal Peak’s 

19

ability to conduct its mining operations over the next 12-24 months, the inability to successfully obtain the permit from OSMRE would prohibit Signal Peak from mining those adjacent leased federal coal reserves and could further adversely impact Signal Peak from efficiently and economically conducting its mining operations thus reducing its production, cash flow and profitability. 

Costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant, and the cost of compliance with new environmental laws, including limitations on GHG emissions related to climate change, could adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.

Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations. Compliance with these legal requirements requires us to incur costs for, among other things, installation and operation of pollution control equipment, emissions monitoring and fees, remediation and permitting at our facilities. These expenditures have been significant in the past and may increase in the future. We may be forced to shut down other facilities or change their operating status, either temporarily or permanently, if we are unable to comply with these or other existing or new environmental requirements, or if the expenditures required to comply with such requirements are unreasonable.

Moreover, new environmental laws or regulations including, but not limited to GHG emissions, Clean Water Act effluent limitations imposing more stringent water discharge regulations, or other changes to existing environmental laws or regulations may materially increase our costs of compliance or accelerate the timing of capital expenditures or other capital-like investments. Our compliance strategy, including but not limited to, our assumptions regarding estimated compliance costs, although reasonably based on available information, may not successfully address future relevant standards and interpretations. If we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or new interpretations of longstanding requirements, even if caused by factors beyond our control, that failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal liability and fines. In addition, any alleged violation of environmental laws and regulations may require us to expend significant resources to defend against any such alleged violations. Due to the uncertainty of control technologies available to reduce GHG emissions, any legal obligation that requires substantial reductions of GHG emissions could result in substantial additional costs, adversely affecting cash flows and profitability, and raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities.

The EPA may conduct NSR investigations at our generating plants, which could result in the imposition of fines.

We may be subject to risks from changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws and regulations, including, for example, the applicability of the EPA's NSR programs. Under the CAA, modification of our generation facilities in a manner that results in increased emissions could subject our existing generation facilities to the far more stringent new source standards applicable to new generation facilities.

The EPA has taken the view that many companies, including many energy producers, have been modifying emissions sources in violation of NSR standards during work considered by the companies to be routine maintenance. The EPA has previously investigated alleged violations of the NSR standards at certain of our existing and former generating facilities. Should the EPA investigate our generating plants in the future, it could, if violations were discovered, result in the imposition of fines.

We are or may be subject to environmental liabilities, including costs of remediation of environmental contamination at current or formerly owned facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We may be subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances that we may have generated regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. We are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and we may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. We also have current or previous ownership interests in sites associated with the production of gas and the production and delivery of electricity for which we may be liable for additional costs related to investigation, remediation and monitoring of these sites. Remediation activities associated with our former MGP operations are one source of such costs. Citizen groups or others may bring litigation over environmental issues including claims of various types, such as property damage, personal injury, and citizen challenges to compliance decisions on the enforcement of environmental requirements, such as opacity and other air quality standards, which could subject us to penalties, injunctive relief and the cost of litigation. We cannot predict the amount and timing of all future expenditures (including the potential or magnitude of fines or penalties) related to such environmental matters, although we expect that they could be material. In addition, there can be no assurance that any liabilities, losses or expenditures we may incur related to such environmental liabilities or contamination will be covered under any applicable insurance policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate.

In some cases, a third party who has acquired assets including operating and deactivated nuclear power stations from us has assumed the liability we may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. If the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability or disputes its responsibility, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold us responsible, and our remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee.

We could be exposed to private rights of action relating to environmental matters seeking damages under various state and federal law theories which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and business operations.

20

Private individuals may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege personal injury, property damages or other relief. For example, claims have been made against certain energy companies alleging that CO
2
 emissions from power generating facilities constitute a public nuisance under federal and/or state common law. While FirstEnergy is not a party to this litigation, it, and/or one of its subsidiaries, could be named in other actions making similar allegations. An unfavorable ruling in any such case could result in the need to make modifications to our coal-fired generation or reduce emissions, suspend operations or pay money damages or penalties. Adverse rulings in these or other types of actions could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and could significantly impact our business operations.

Transition risks associated with climate change, including those related to regulatory mandates could negatively impact our financial results.

Where federal or state legislation mandates the use of renewable fuel sources, such as wind and solar and such legislation does not also provide for adequate cost recovery of our revenue requirements, it could result in significant changes in our business, including material increases in renewable energy credit purchase costs, purchased power costs and capital investments, as such costs are spread over reduced sales volumes. Such mandatory renewable portfolio requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A number of regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced requirements and/or incentives to reduce peak demand and energy consumption. Such conservation programs have previously resulted in and could result in further load reduction and adversely impact our financial results in different ways. We currently have energy efficiency riders in place in certain of our states to recover the cost of these programs either at or near a current recovery time frame in the states where we operate. 

In our regulated operations, energy conservation could negatively impact us depending on the regulatory treatment of the associated impacts. Should we be required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact. In the past, we have been adversely impacted by reduced electric usage due in part to energy conservation efforts such as the use of efficient lighting products such as compact fluorescent lights, halogens and light emitting diodes. We are unable to determine what impact, if any, future conservation activities will have on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Additionally, failure to meet regulatory or legislative requirements to reduce energy consumption or otherwise increase energy efficiency could result in penalties that could adversely affect our financial results.

Financial and reputational risks associated with owning coal-fired generation and a minority-interest in a coal mine may have an adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and cash flows.

MP's fleet consists of 3,093 MWs of coal-fired generation and FEV holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with international coal sales. Certain members of the investment community have adopted investment policies promoting the divestment of, or otherwise limiting new investments in, coal-fired generation and coal mining. The impact of such efforts may adversely affect the demand for and price of our common stock and impact our and MP's access to the capital and financial markets. Further, certain insurance companies have established policies limiting coal-related underwriting and investment. Consequently, these policies aimed at coal-fired generation could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

The Physical Risks Associated with Climate Change May Have an Adverse Impact on Our Business Operations, Financial Condition and Cash Flows.

Physical risks of climate change, such as more frequent or more extreme weather events, changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, and other related phenomena, could affect some, or all, of our operations. Severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme weather event within the Utilities' service areas can also directly affect their capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires and poles or damage to other operating equipment. Further, as extreme weather conditions increase system stress, we may incur costs relating to additional system backup or service interruptions, and in some instances, we may be unable to recover such costs. For all of these reasons, these physical risks could have an adverse financial impact on our business operations, financial condition and cash flows. Climate change poses other financial risks as well. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers’ energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of the changes. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in additional system assets and purchase additional power. Additionally, decreased energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition through decreased revenues, margins or earnings.

Risks Associated with Markets and Financial Matters

Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by the volatility in pension and OPEB investments and obligations due to capital market performance and other changes.

21

FirstEnergy recognizes in income the change in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses for its pension and OPEB plans. This adjustment is recognized in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement, resulting in greater volatility in pension and OPEB expenses and therefore may materially impact our results of operations.

Our financial statements reflect the values of the assets held in trust to satisfy our obligations under pension and OPEB plans. Certain of the assets held in these trusts do not have readily determinable market values. Changes in the estimates and assumptions inherent in the value of these assets could affect the value of the trusts. If the value of the assets held by the trusts declines by a material amount, our funding obligation to the trusts could materially increase. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our projected return rates. Forecasting investment earnings and costs to pay future pension and other obligations requires significant judgment and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. Capital market conditions that generate investment losses or that negatively impact the discount rate and increase the present value of liabilities may increase our future pension and OPEB expenses and further may have significant impacts on the value of the pension and other trust funds, which could require significant additional funding and negatively impact our results of operations and financial position. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates——Pension and OPEB Accounting.”

Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by certain risks related to our minority interest in a coal mine.

FEV currently holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales predominantly in international markets. In the second quarter of 2022, FEV received its first dividend of $20 million after more than ten years of equity ownership in the joint venture and received total dividends in 2022 and 2023 of $170 million and $165 million, respectively. Additionally, during 2022 and 2023, FirstEnergy recognized approximately $168 million and $175 million of pre-tax earnings, respectively, from its investment in Global Holding. Global Holding’s ability to positively affect our results of operations or pay future dividends depends upon several factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: the market price of coal, the availability and reliability of transportation facilities and other systems, geopolitical stability in international markets, and Global Holding’s ability to renew and maintain governmental permits and approvals and remain in compliance with safety and environmental regulations affecting the coal mining industry.

The price for Signal Peak’s coal depends upon factors beyond our control, including: overall global economic and geopolitical conditions, the effect of worldwide energy consumption, including the impact of technological advances on energy consumption; international developments impacting the supply of coal; international developments impacting the supply of oil & gas; and the impact of domestic and foreign governmental laws and regulations, including environmental and climate change regulations. Any adverse change in these factors could result in weaker demand and lower prices for Global Holding’s products, and, as a result, could impact Global Holding’s ability to pay future dividends, which in turn could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations.

Failure to comply with debt covenants in our credit agreements or conditions could adversely affect our ability to execute future borrowings and/or require early repayment, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all.

Our debt and credit agreements contain various financial and other covenants including a requirement for FE to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 times, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter for the last four fiscal quarters, and that each other borrower maintain a consolidated debt to total capitalization ratio of no more than 65%, and 75% for FET, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter.

Our credit agreements contain certain negative and affirmative covenants. Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities has been and may, in the future, be affected by events related to the ongoing government investigations or otherwise, including a failure to comply with the terms of the DPA.

A breach of any of the covenants contained in our credit agreements, including any breach related to alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit while any default exists. Upon the occurrence of such an event of default, any amounts outstanding under our credit facilities could be declared to be immediately due and payable and all applicable commitments to extend further credit could be terminated. If indebtedness under our credit facilities is accelerated, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay the indebtedness. In addition, certain events, including but not limited to any covenant breach related to alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, an event of default under our credit agreements, and the acceleration of applicable commitments under such facilities could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all. The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our credit facilities and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flow, liquidity and results of operations.

Increasing interest rates and/or a credit rating downgrade could negatively affect our or our subsidiaries’ financing costs, ability to access capital and requirement to post collateral.

22

We have near-term exposure to interest rates from outstanding short-term indebtedness indexed to variable interest rates, and we have exposure to future interest rates to the extent we seek to raise long-term debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt obligations and fund construction or other investment opportunities. Past disruptions in capital and credit markets, as well as the U.S. Federal Reserve's interest rate policies, have resulted in volatile interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities and increased costs for variable interest rate debt securities. Disruptions in capital and credit markets, or the Federal Reserve Board's interest rate policies, could result in volatile interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities and increase our financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Also, interest rates could change as a result of economic or other events that are beyond our risk management processes. As a result, we cannot always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have if actual events lead to greater losses or costs than our risk management positions were intended to hedge. Although we employ risk management techniques to hedge against interest rate volatility, significant and sustained increases in market interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and negatively impact our reported results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

We rely on access to bank and capital markets as sources of liquidity for cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. Certain of FirstEnergy’s subsidiaries have in the past been subject to downgrade of credit ratings. Any future downgrades in FirstEnergy or FirstEnergy subsidiaries' credit ratings from the nationally recognized credit rating agencies, particularly to levels below investment grade, could negatively affect our ability to access the bank and capital markets, especially in a time of uncertainty in either of those markets, and may require us to post cash collateral to support outstanding commodity positions in the wholesale market, as well as available letters of credit and other guarantees. Furthermore, additional downgrades could increase the cost of such capital by causing us to incur higher interest rates and fees associated with such capital. Additional rating downgrades would further increase our interest expense on certain of FirstEnergy's long-term debt obligations and would also further increase the fees we pay on our various existing credit facilities, thus increasing the cost of our working capital. Such additional rating downgrades could also negatively impact our ability to grow our regulated businesses or execute our business strategies by substantially increasing the cost of, or limiting access to, capital.

In addition, events related to the ongoing government investigations may expose us to higher interest rates for additional indebtedness, whether as a result of ratings downgrades or otherwise, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all. See 
“Failure to comply with debt covenants in our credit agreements or conditions could adversely affect our ability to execute future borrowings and/or require early repayment, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all.”

In the event of volatility or unfavorable conditions in the capital and credit markets, our business, including the immediate availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements, our ability to meet long-term commitments and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets may be adversely affected, which could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

We rely on the capital markets to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from our operations. We also use LOCs provided by various financial institutions to support our hedging operations. We also deposit cash in short-term investments. In the event of volatility in the capital and credit markets, our ability to draw on our credit facilities and cash may be adversely affected. Our access to funds under those credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the financial institutions that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. Those institutions may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. Any delay in our ability to access those funds, even for a short period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Should there be fluctuations in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant foreign or domestic financial institutions or foreign governments, our access to liquidity needed for our business could be adversely affected. Unfavorable conditions could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures or other capital-like investments, changing hedging strategies to reduce collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating future dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash.

The IRA of 2022 could change the rate of taxes imposed on us and could negatively affect our cash flows and financial condition. 

On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the IRA of 2022, which, among other things, imposes a new 15% corporate AMT based on AFSI applicable to corporations with a three-year average AFSI over $1 billion. The AMT is effective for the 2023 tax year and, if applicable, corporations must pay the greater of the regular corporate income tax or the AMT. Although NOL carryforwards created through the regular corporate income tax system cannot be used to reduce the AMT, financial statement net operating losses can be used to reduce AFSI and the amount of AMT owed. The IRA of 2022 as enacted requires the U.S. Treasury to provide regulations and other guidance necessary to administer the AMT, including further defining allowable adjustments to determine AFSI, which directly impacts the amount of AMT to be paid. Based on interim guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury during 2022 and 2023, FirstEnergy continues to believe that it is more likely than not it will be subject to the AMT beginning in 2023. Accordingly, FirstEnergy made a first quarter estimated payment of AMT of approximately $49 million in April 

23

2023. In June 2023, the U.S. Treasury issued additional guidance that eliminated the requirement of corporations to include AMT in quarterly estimated tax payments, pending further guidance on the application and administration of AMT. Therefore, as a result of guidance issued to date, the current forecast of AMT obligation, and the amount of AMT already paid in April 2023, FirstEnergy did not make any additional AMT payments for the 2023 tax year. Until final U.S. Treasury regulations are issued, the amount of AMT FirstEnergy pays could be significantly different than current estimates or it may not be a payer at all. The regulatory treatment of the impacts of this legislation may also be subject to regulation by FERC and/or applicable state regulatory authorities. Any adverse development in this legislation, including guidance from the U.S. Treasury and/or the IRS or unfavorable regulatory treatment, could negatively impact FirstEnergy’s cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.

Changes in local, state or federal tax laws applicable to us or adverse audit results or tax rulings, and any resulting increases in taxes and fees, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

FirstEnergy is subject to various local, state and federal taxes, including income, franchise, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes. We exercise significant judgment in calculating such tax obligations, booking reserves as necessary to reflect potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions we have taken and utilizing tax benefits, such as carryforwards and credits. Additionally, various tax rate and fee increases may be proposed or considered in connection with such changes in local, state or federal tax law. We cannot predict whether legislation or regulation will be introduced, the form of any legislation or regulation, or whether any such legislation or regulation will be passed by legislatures or regulatory bodies. Any such changes, or any adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by FirstEnergy or its subsidiaries could have a negative impact on its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new U.S. tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be issued. A reform of U.S. tax laws may be enacted in a manner that negatively impacts our cash flow, results of operations, and financial condition.

We are a holding company and rely on cash from our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations and therefore any restrictions on the utilities and transmission companies’ ability to pay dividends or make cash payments to us may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.

Because FE is a holding company with no operations or cash flows of its own, our ability to meet our financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and to pay dividends on our common stock, is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of our subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds. Prior to funding FE, our subsidiaries have regulatory restrictions and financial obligations that must be satisfied.

For example, the Utilities and Transmission Companies are regulated by various state utility and federal commissions that generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of utility customers are being met. Those state and federal commissions could attempt to impose restrictions on the ability of the Utilities and Transmission Companies to pay dividends or otherwise restrict cash payments to us. Any inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make cash payments to us may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.

We may also provide capital contributions or debt financing to our subsidiaries under certain circumstances, which would reduce the funds available to meet financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and to pay dividends on our common stock.

We cannot assure common shareholders that future dividend payments will be made, or if made, in what amounts they may be paid.

The FE Board will continue to regularly evaluate our common stock dividend and determine whether to declare a dividend, and an appropriate amount thereof, each quarter taking into account such factors as, among other things, our earnings, financial condition and cash flows from subsidiaries, as well as general economic and competitive conditions. We cannot assure common shareholders that dividends will be paid in the future, or that, if paid, dividends will be at the same amount or with the same frequency as in the past.