Risks
 Arising
 from the Reliability of Our Power Plants and Transmission and Distribution
 Equipment 

Operation
 of
 generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves risk, including
 potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, accidents, labor
 disputes, stray voltage and performance below expected levels. In addition,
 weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation,
 transmission and distribution delivery systems. Because our transmission
 facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of
 those facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable
 events occurring on the systems of such third parties.

Operation
 of our
 power plants below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues or
 increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages may
 require us to incur significant replacement power costs. Moreover, if we were
 unable to perform under contractual obligations, penalties or liability for
 damages could result. OE, CEI, and TE are exposed to losses under their
 applicable sale-leaseback agreements for certain generating facilities upon
 the
 occurrence of certain contingent events that could render these facilities
 worthless. Although we believe these types of events are unlikely to occur,
 OE,
 CEI and TE each have a maximum exposure to loss under these provisions of
 approximately $1 billion. 

We
 remain obligated
 to provide safe and reliable service to customers within our franchised service
 territories. Meeting this commitment requires the expenditure of significant
 capital and other resources. Failure to provide safe and reliable service and
 failure to meet regulatory reliability standards due to a number of factors,
 including equipment failure and weather, could adversely affect our operating
 results through reduced revenues and increased capital and maintenance costs
 and
 the imposition of penalties/fines or other adverse regulatory
 outcomes.

 19

Changes
 in
 Commodity Prices Could Adversely Affect Our Profit Margins 

While
 much of our
 generation currently serves customers under retail rates set by regulatory
 bodies, we also purchase and sell electricity in the competitive wholesale
 and
 retail markets. Increases in the costs of fuel for our generation facilities
 (particularly coal and natural gas) can affect our profit margins in both
 competitive and non-competitive markets. Changes in the market prices of
 electricity, which are affected by changes in other commodity costs and other
 factors, may impact our results of operations and financial position by
 increasing the amount we pay to purchase power to supply PLR obligations in
 Ohio
 and Pennsylvania.

Electricity
 and fuel
 prices may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time for
 a
 variety of reasons, including:

 ·  

 changing
 weather conditions or seasonality;

 ·  

 changes
 in
 electricity usage by our customers;

 ·  

 illiquidity
 in
 wholesale power and other markets;

 ·  

 transmission
 congestion or transportation constraints, inoperability or
 inefficiencies;

 ·  

 availability
 of competitively priced alternative energy
 sources;

 ·  

 changes
 in
 supply and demand for energy
 commodities;

 ·  

 changes
 in
 power production capacity;

 ·  

 outages
 at our
 power production facilities or those of our
 competitors;

 ·  

 changes
 in
 production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal, crude
 oil and
 refined products; and

 ·  

 natural
 disasters, wars, acts of sabotage, terrorist acts, embargoes and
 other
 catastrophic events.

Nuclear
 Generation Involves Risks that Include Uncertainties Relating to Health and
 Safety, Additional Capital Costs, the Adequacy of Insurance Coverage and Nuclear
 Plant Decommissioning

 FirstEnergy is subject to the risks of nuclear generation, including but not
 limited to the following:

 ·  

 the
 potential
 harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from
 the
 operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal
 of
 radioactive materials;

 ·  

 limitations
 on
 the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover
 losses
 that might arise in connection with our nuclear operations or those
 of
 others in the United States;

 ·  

 uncertainties
 with respect to contingencies and assessments if insurance coverage
 is
 inadequate; and

 ·  

 uncertainties
 with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning
 nuclear plants at the end of their licensed
 operation.

The
 NRC has broad
 authority under federal law to impose licensing security and safety-related
 requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. In the event
 of
 non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down
 a
 unit, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until
 compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC
 could
 necessitate substantial capital expenditures at nuclear plants, including ours.

FirstEnergy’s
 nuclear facilities are insured under NEIL policies issued for each plant. Under
 these policies, up to $2.75 billion of insurance coverage is provided for
 property damage and decontamination and decommissioning costs. We have also
 obtained approximately $1.7 billion of insurance coverage for replacement power
 costs. Under these policies, we can be assessed a maximum of approximately
 $80
 million for incidents at any covered nuclear facility occurring during a policy
 year that are in excess of accumulated funds available to the insurer for paying
 losses.

 20

Regulatory
 Changes in the Electric Industry Could Affect Our Competitive Position and
 Result in Unrecoverable Costs Adversely Affecting Our Business and Results
 of
 Operations

As
 a result of the
 actions taken by state legislative bodies over the last few years, changes
 in
 the electric utility business have occurred and are continuing to take place
 in
 states throughout the United States, including Ohio, Pennsylvania and New
 Jersey. These changes have resulted, and are expected to continue to result,
 in
 fundamental alterations in the way integrated utilities conduct their
 business.

Increased
 competition resulting from restructuring efforts, including but not limited
 to,
 the implementation by regulators of periodic competitive bid processes for
 generation supply, could have an adverse financial impact on us and consequently
 on our results of operations. Increased competition could result in additional
 pressure to lower prices, including the price of electricity, potentially
 resulting in impairment of assets, loss of retail customers, lower profit
 margins and increased costs of capital. We cannot predict the extent or timing
 of entry by additional competitors into the electric markets.

The
 FERC and the
 U.S. Congress propose changes from time to time in the structure and conduct
 of
 the electric utility industry. If the restructuring and deregulation efforts
 result in increased competition or unrecoverable costs, our business and results
 of operations may be adversely affected. We cannot predict the extent or timing
 of further efforts to restructure, deregulate or re-regulate our business or
 the
 industry.

We
 Are Exposed
 to Operational, Price and Credit Risks Associated With Selling and Marketing
 Products in the Power Markets That We Do Not Always Completely Hedge
 Against

We
 purchase and sell
 power at the wholesale level under market-based tariffs authorized by the FERC,
 and also enter into short-term agreements to sell available energy and capacity
 from our generation assets. If we are unable to deliver firm capacity and energy
 under these agreements, we would be required to pay damages. These damages
 would
 generally be based on the difference between the market price to acquire
 replacement capacity or energy and the contract price of the undelivered
 capacity or energy. Depending on price volatility in the wholesale energy
 markets, such damages could be significant
.

Extreme
 weather
 conditions, unplanned power plant outages, transmission disruptions, and other
 factors could affect our ability to meet our obligations, or cause increases
 in
 the market price of replacement capacity and energy.

We
 attempt to
 mitigate risks associated with satisfying our contractual power sales
 arrangements by reserving generation capacity to deliver electricity to satisfy
 our net firm sales contracts and, when necessary, by purchasing firm
 transmission service. We also routinely enter into contracts, such as fuel
 and
 power purchase and sale commitments, to hedge our exposure to fuel requirements
 and other energy-related commodities. We may not, however, hedge the entire
 exposure of our operations from commodity price volatility. To the extent we
 do
 not hedge against commodity price volatility, our results of operations and
 financial position could be negatively affected.

Complex
 and
 Changing Government Regulations Could Have a Negative Impact on Our Results
 of
 Operations

We
 are subject to
 comprehensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies
 that significantly influence our operating environment. Changes in or
 reinterpretations of existing laws or regulations or the imposition of new
 laws
 or regulations could require us to incur additional costs or change the way
 we
 conduct our business, and therefore could have an adverse impact on our results
 of operations.

On
 August 8, 2005
 President Bush signed into law the EPACT. This federal legislation will affect
 various aspects of electric generation, transmission and distribution. One
 of
 the provisions of the new legislation gives the FERC the authority to certify
 an
 ERO that will establish and enforce mandatory bulk power reliability standards,
 subject to FERC review and approval. The EPACT repealed PUHCA effective February
 8, 2006. Some of PUHCA’s consumer protection authority have been transferred to
 the FERC and state utility commissions. The repeal of PUHCA and the impact
 of
 this legislation and its implementation on both a federal and state level could
 have a significant impact on our operations. 

Costs
 of
 Compliance with Environmental Laws are Significant, and the Cost of Compliance
 with Future Environmental Laws Could Adversely Affect Cash Flow and
 Profitability

Certain
 of our
 subsidiaries’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local
 environmental statutes, rules and regulations. Compliance with these legal
 requirements requires us to incur costs toward environmental monitoring,
 installation of pollution control equipment, emission fees, maintenance,
 upgrading, remediation and permitting at all of our facilities. These
 expenditures have been significant in the past and may increase in the future.
 If the cost of compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations
 does
 increase, it could adversely affect our business and results of operations,
 financial position and cash flows. Moreover, changes in environmental laws
 or
 regulations may materially increase our costs of compliance or accelerate the
 timing of capital expenditures. Because of the deregulation of generation,
 we
 may not directly recover through rates additional costs incurred for such
 compliance. Our compliance strategy, although reasonably based on available
 information, may not successfully address future relevant standards and
 interpretations. If FirstEnergy or its subsidiaries fail to comply with
 environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond our control
 or new interpretations of longstanding requirements, that failure could result
 in the assessment of civil or criminal liability and fines. 

 21

There
 have been
 recent changes in the EPA’s final CAIR, CAMR and CAVR. As a result of those
 changes the states have been given substantial discretion in developing their
 own rules to implement these programs. In addition, both the CAIR and the CAMR
 have been challenged in the United States Court of Appeals for the District
 of
 Columbia. As a result, the ultimate requirements of these rules may not be
 known
 for several years and may depart significantly from the current rules. If the
 final rules are remanded by the Court, if states elect not to participate in
 the
 various federal programs under the rules, or if the states elect to impose
 additional requirements on individual units that are already subject to the
 CAIR, the CAMR and/or the CAVR, our costs of compliance could increase
 significantly and could have an adverse effect on future results of operations,
 cash flows and financial condition. 

Alternatively,
 if
 the final rules are remanded by the Court and their implementation is postponed,
 we could be competitively disadvantaged because we are currently obligated
 to
 comply with essentially this same level of emission controls as a result of
 our
 settlement of the New Source Review Litigation related to our W. H. Sammis
 Plant.

There
 Are
 Uncertainties Relating to Our Participation in the PJM and MISO Regional
 Transmission Organizations

Market
 rules that
 govern the operation of RTOs could affect our ability to sell power produced
 by
 our generating facilities to users in certain markets due to transmission
 constraints and attendant congestion costs. The prices in day-ahead and
 real-time RTO markets have been subject to price volatility. Administrative
 costs imposed by RTOs, including the cost of administering energy markets,
 have
 also increased. The rules governing the various regional power markets may
 also
 change from time to time which could affect our costs or revenues. We are
 incurring significant additional fees and increased costs to participate in
 an
 RTO, and may be limited by state retail rate caps with respect to the price
 at
 which power can be sold to retail customers. While RTO rates for transmission
 service are designed to be revenue-neutral, our revenues from customers to
 whom
 we currently provide transmission services may not reflect all of the
 administrative and market-related costs imposed under the RTO tariff due to
 state retail rate caps. In addition, we may be required to expand our
 transmission system according to decisions made by an RTO rather than our
 internal planning process. Because it remains unclear which companies will
 be
 participating in the various regional power markets, or how RTOs will ultimately
 develop and operate or what region they will cover, and whether state regulatory
 commissions will permit full and timely recovery of RTO or market-imposed costs,
 we cannot fully assess the impact that these power markets or other ongoing
 RTO
 developments may have on us. 

Weather
 Conditions such as Tornadoes, Hurricanes, Ice Storms and Droughts, as Well
 as
 Seasonal Temperature Variations Could Have a Negative Impact on Our Results
 of
 Operations

Weather
 conditions
 directly influence the demand for electric power. In our service areas, demand
 for power peaks during the summer months, with market prices also typically
 peaking at that time. As a result, overall operating results may fluctuate
 on a
 seasonal and quarterly basis. In addition, we have historically sold less power,
 and consequently received less revenue, when weather conditions are milder.
 Severe weather, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, storms, ice, droughts or other
 natural disasters, may cause outages and property damage that may require us
 to
 incur additional costs that are generally not insured and that may not be
 recoverable from customers. The effect of the failure of our facilities to
 operate as planned under these conditions would be particularly burdensome
 during a peak demand period.

We
 Are Subject
 to Financial Performance Risks Related to the Economic Cycles of the Electric
 Utility Industry

Our
 business follows
 the economic cycles of our customers. Sustained downturns or sluggishness in
 the
 economy generally affects the markets in which we operate and negatively
 influences our energy operations. Declines in demand for electricity as a result
 of economic downturns will reduce overall electricity sales and lessen our
 cash
 flows, especially as industrial customers reduce production, resulting in less
 consumption of electricity. Economic conditions also impact the rate of
 delinquent customer accounts receivable. 

The
 Continuing
 Availability and Operation of Generating Units is Dependent on Retaining the
 Necessary Licenses, Permits, and Operating Authority from Governmental Entities,
 Including the NRC

We
 are required to
 have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the agencies that
 regulate our business. We believe the necessary permits, approvals and
 certificates have been obtained for our existing operations and that our
 business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws; however, we are unable
 to predict the impact on operating results from future regulatory activities
 of
 any of these agencies.

We
 Face Certain
 Human Resource Risks Associated with the Availability of Trained and Qualified
 Labor to Meet Our Future Staffing Requirements

Workforce
 demographic issues challenge employers nationwide and are of particular concern
 to the electric utility industry. The median age of utility workers is
 significantly higher than the national average. Today, nearly one-half of the
 industry’s workforce is age 45 or higher. Consequently, we face the difficult
 challenge of finding ways to retain our aging skilled workforce while recruiting
 new talent to mitigate losses in critical knowledge and skills due to
 retirements. Mitigating these risks could require additional financial
 commitments. 

 22

Our
 Risk
 Management Policies Relating to Energy and Fuel Prices, and Counterparty Credit
 are by Their Very Nature Risk Related, and We Could Suffer Economic Losses
 Despite Such Policies

We
 attempt to manage
 the market risk inherent in our energy and fuel and debt positions. We have
 implemented procedures to enhance and monitor compliance with our risk
 management policies, including validation of transaction and market prices,
 verification of risk and transaction limits, sensitivity analysis and daily
 portfolio reporting of various risk measurement metrics. Nonetheless, we cannot
 economically hedge against all of our exposures in these areas and our risk
 management program may not operate as planned. For instance, our power plants
 might not produce the expected amount of power during a given day or time period
 due to weather conditions, technical problems or other unanticipated events,
 which could require us to make energy purchases at higher prices than the prices
 under our energy supply contracts. In addition, the amount of fuel required
 for
 our power plants during a given day or time period could be more than expected,
 which could require us to buy additional fuel at prices less favorable than
 the
 prices under our fuel contracts. 

We
 also face credit
 risks that parties with whom we contract could default in their performance,
 in
 which cases we could be forced to sell our power into a lower-priced market
 or
 make purchases in a higher-priced market than existed at the time of contract.
 Although we have established risk management policies and programs, including
 credit policies to evaluate counterparty credit risk, there can be no assurance
 that we will be able to fully meet our obligations, that we will not be required
 to pay damages for failure to perform or that we will not experience
 counterparty non-performance or that we will collect for voided contracts.
 If
 counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter
 into alternative hedging arrangements or honor underlying commitments at
 then-current market prices. In that event, our financial results would likely
 be
 adversely affected.

Interest
 Rates
 and/or a Credit Ratings Downgrade Could Negatively Affect Our Financing Costs
 and Our Ability to Access Capital

We
 have near-term
 exposure to interest rates from outstanding indebtedness indexed to variable
 interest rates, and we have exposure to future interest rates as we plan to
 raise debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt obligations and fund
 construction or other investment opportunities. Interest rates could change
 in
 significant ways as a result of economic or other events that our risk
 management processes were not established to address. As a result, we cannot
 always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have on us
 if
 actual events lead to greater losses or costs than our risk management positions
 were intended to hedge. Although we employ risk management techniques to hedge
 against interest rate volatility, significant and sustained increases in market
 interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and negatively
 impact our reported results. 

We
 rely on access to
 bank and capital markets as sources of liquidity for cash requirements not
 satisfied by cash flows from operations. A downgrade in our credit ratings
 from
 the nationally-recognized credit rating agencies, particularly to a level below
 investment grade, could negatively affect our ability to access the bank and
 capital markets, especially in a time of uncertainty in either of those markets,
 and may require us to post cash collateral to support outstanding commodity
 positions in the wholesale market, as well as in place of letters of credit
 and
 other guarantees. A ratings downgrade would also increase the fees we pay on
 our
 various credit facilities, thus increasing the cost of our working capital.
 A
 ratings downgrade could also impact our ability to grow our businesses by
 substantially increasing the cost of, or limiting access to, capital. Our senior
 unsecured debt ratings from S&P, Moody’s, and Fitch are investment grade.
 The current ratings outlook from S&P is stable and the ratings outlook from
 Moody’s and Fitch is positive.

We
 Must Rely on
 Cash From Our Subsidiaries

We
 are a holding
 company and our investments in our subsidiaries are our primary assets.
 Substantially all of our business is conducted by our subsidiaries.
 Consequently, our cash needs are dependent on the operating cash flows of our
 subsidiaries and their ability to upstream cash to the holding company. Our
 utility subsidiaries are regulated by various state utility commissions that
 generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of utility customers
 are
 being met. Those state commissions could attempt to impose restrictions on
 the
 ability of our utility subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise restrict
 cash
 payments to us.

We
 May
 Ultimately Incur Liability in Connection with Federal
 Proceedings

On
 December 10,
 2004, FirstEnergy received a letter from the United States Attorney’s Office
 stating that FENOC is a target of the federal grand jury investigation into
 alleged false statements made to the NRC in the Fall of 2001 in response to
 NRC
 Bulletin 2001-01. On January 20, 2006, FENOC announced that it had entered
 into
 a deferred prosecution agreement with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the
 Northern District of Ohio and the Environmental Crimes Section of the
 Environment and Natural Resources Division of the Department of Justice
 (collectively, the “Department”) related to certain statements made by FENOC
 employees to the NRC during the period September 3, 2001 through
 November 28, 2001 with respect to the Davis-Besse Nuclear Power Station.
 Under the Agreement, FENOC paid a penalty of $28 million and agreed to cooperate
 with the United States and NRC during the term of the Agreement (which runs
 through December 31, 2006) in all criminal and administrative investigations
 and
 proceedings related to the conduct described in the Statement of Facts attached
 to the Agreement. 

 23

In
 consideration for
 FENOC’s (i) $28 million payment, (ii) cooperation as described above, (iii)
 acceptance and acknowledgement of responsibility for its conduct as described
 in
 the Statement of Facts attached to the Agreement, (iv) compliance with federal
 criminal laws, and (v) continued compliance with the terms of the Agreement,
 the
 Department has agreed to refrain from seeking an indictment or otherwise
 initiating criminal prosecution of FENOC for the conduct described in the
 Statement of Facts attached to the Agreement. If the Department determined
 that
 FENOC failed to comply with the terms of the Agreement, it could seek an
 indictment or begin criminal proceedings against FENOC, which could have an
 adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

On
 October 20,
 2004, FirstEnergy was notified by the SEC that the previously disclosed informal
 inquiry initiated by the SEC’s Division of Enforcement in September 2003
 relating to the restatements in August 2003 of previously reported results
 by
 FirstEnergy and the Ohio Companies, and the Davis-Besse extended outage, have
 become the subject of a formal order of investigation. The SEC’s formal order of
 investigation also encompasses issues raised during the SEC’s examination of
 FirstEnergy and the Companies under the PUHCA. Concurrent with this
 notification, FirstEnergy received a subpoena asking for background documents
 and documents related to the restatements and Davis-Besse issues. On December
 30, 2004, FirstEnergy received a subpoena asking for documents relating to
 issues raised during the SEC’s PUHCA examination. On August 24, 2005,
 additional information was requested regarding Davis-Besse. FirstEnergy has
 cooperated fully with the informal inquiry and will continue to do so with
 the
 formal investigation. 

Acts
 of War or
 Terrorism Could Negatively Impact Our Business

The
 possibility that
 our infrastructure, or that of an interconnected company, such as electric
 generation, transmission and distribution facilities could be direct targets
 of,
 or indirect casualties of, an act of war could affect our operations. Our
 generation plants, transmission and distribution facilities, or those of
 interconnected companies, may be targets of terrorist activities that could
 result in disruption of our ability to generate, purchase, transmit or
 distribute electricity. Any such disruption could result in a decrease in
 revenues and additional costs to purchase electricity and to replace or repair
 our assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of
 operations and financial condition.