We operate in a business environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our control. Management regularly evaluates the most significant risks of its businesses and reviews those risks with the FE Board and appropriate Committees of the FE Board. The following risk factors and all other information contained in this report should be considered carefully when evaluating FirstEnergy. These risk factors could affect our financial results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us. Below, we have identified risks we consider material. The risks that we face are not limited to those in this section. There may be additional risks and uncertainties (either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. These risk factors should be read in conjunction with Item 1, "Business,” Item 7, "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and in other sections of this Form 10-K that include forward-looking and other statements involving risks and uncertainties that could impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

Risks Associated with Damage to Our Reputation and HB 6 Related Litigation and Investigations

HB 6-related investigations and litigation could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to access capital, liquidity or cash flows.

On July 21, 2021, we entered into a three-year DPA with the U.S. Attorney’s Office that, subject to court proceedings, resolves the previously disclosed U.S. Attorney’s Office investigation into us relating to our lobbying and governmental affairs activities concerning HB 6. Under the DPA, we paid a $230 million monetary penalty in 2021 and agreed to the filing of a criminal information charging FirstEnergy with one count of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud.

As of July 22, 2024, we successfully completed the obligations required within the three-year term of the DPA. Under the DPA, and until the conclusion of any related investigation, criminal prosecution and civil proceeding brought by the U.S. Attorney’s Office, we have an obligation to continue (i) publishing quarterly a list of all payments to 501(c)(4) entities and all payments to entities known by us to be operating for the benefit of a public official, either directly or

indirectly; (ii) not making any statements that contradict the DPA; (iii) notifying the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio of any changes in FirstEnergy’s corporate form; and (iv) cooperating with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio. In accordance with the DPA, these obligations will continue until the completion of any related investigation, criminal prosecution, and civil proceeding brought by the U.S. Attorney’s Office related to the conduct set forth in the DPA’s statement of facts, including the January 17, 2025 indictment against two former FirstEnergy senior officers, described below in “Outlook—Other Legal Proceeding – 
United States v. Larry Householder, et al.
” Within 30 days of those matters concluding, and FirstEnergy’s successful completion of its remaining obligations, the U. S. Attorney’s Office will dismiss the criminal information.

If we are found to have breached the terms of the DPA, the U.S. Attorney’s Office may elect to prosecute, or bring a civil action against, us for conduct alleged in the DPA or known to the government, which could result in fines or penalties and could have a material adverse impact on our reputation or relationships with regulatory and legislative authorities, customers and other stakeholders, as well as our consolidated financial statements. Failure to comply with the DPA, including alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, may also result in a breach of certain covenants contained in our credit agreements and could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit during the existence of any such default.

Following the announcement by the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the S.D. Ohio of the investigation surrounding HB 6 in July 2020, certain of our stockholders and customers filed several lawsuits against us and certain current and former directors, officers and other employees, including the federal securities class action litigation 
In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation
 (Federal District Court, S.D. Ohio). We believe that it is probable that FE will incur a loss in connection with the resolution of 
In re FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation
. Given the ongoing nature and complexity of such litigation, we cannot yet reasonably estimate a loss or range of loss that may arise from its resolution. However, if it is resolved against us substantial monetary damages could result and our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows may be materially adversely affected.

The litigation related to HB 6 could divert management’s focus and have resulted in, and could continue to result in, substantial expenses, and the commitment of substantial corporate resources. The outcome, duration, scope, result or related costs of the in securities class action litigation 
In re: FirstEnergy Corp. Securities Litigation
 discussed above, are inherently uncertain. Therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. See Note 15, "Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.” 

These matters are likely to continue to have an adverse impact on the trading prices of our securities, which could be material. See Note 15, “Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for additional details on the government investigations and subsequent litigation surrounding HB 6.

10

The HB 6 related state regulatory investigations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

There are several ongoing HB 6 related state regulatory matters including, but not limited to, the below HB 6-related matters, each of which was stayed for a third time by the PUCO on August 23, 2023, at the request of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio, for a period of an additional six months. The stay on the following matters was lifted on February 26, 2024: 

•
On September 8, 2020, the OCC filed motions in the Ohio Companies’ corporate separation audit and DMR audit dockets, requesting the PUCO to open an investigation and management audit, hire an independent auditor, and require FirstEnergy to show it did not improperly use money collected from consumers or violate any utility regulatory laws, rules or orders in its activities regarding HB 6. On February 26, 2024, this proceeding was consolidated with the expanded DCR rider audit proceeding described below and on November 22, 2024, the administrative law judge ordered that the bifurcated portion of the corporate separation audit, discussed further below, be consolidated with the already-consolidated DMR audit and expanded DCR rider audit proceeding. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin May 13, 2025;

•
On September 15, 2020, the PUCO opened a new proceeding to review the political and charitable spending by the Ohio Companies in support of HB 6 and the subsequent referendum effort. On September 30, 2024, the third-party auditor’s report was filed. See ”Outlook - State Regulation - Ohio” below for additional information regarding the auditor’s findings. Comments have been filed on the audit report and remain pending with the PUCO;

•
On December 30, 2020, the PUCO directed PUCO staff to solicit a third-party auditor and conduct a full review of the DMR to ensure funds collected from customers through the DMR were only used for the purposes established in ESP IV. The auditor’s report was filed on January 14, 2022, and the parties submitted final comments and responses in the second quarter 2022. See ”Outlook - State Regulation - Ohio” below for additional information regarding the auditor’s findings. On February 26, 2024, this proceeding was consolidated with the expanded DCR rider audit proceeding described below and on November 22, 2024, the administrative law judge ordered that the bifurcated portion of the corporate separation audit, discussed further below, be consolidated with the already-consolidated DMR audit and expanded DCR rider audit proceeding. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin May 13, 2025; and

•
On March 10, 2021, the PUCO expanded the scope of an ongoing annual audit of the Ohio Companies’ Rider DCR for 2020 to include a review of certain transactions that were either improperly classified, misallocated, or lacked supporting documentation, and to determine whether funds collected from customers were used to pay the vendors, and if so, whether or not the funds associated with those payments should be returned to customers through Rider DCR or through an alternative proceeding. On February 26, 2024, this proceeding was consolidated with the Rider DMR audit proceeding described above, and further lifted the stay of the portion of the investigation relating to an apparent nondisclosure of a side agreement. On November 22, 2024, the administrative law judge ordered that the bifurcated portion of the corporate separation audit be consolidated with the already-consolidated DMR audit and the expanded DCR rider audit proceeding. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin May 13, 2025.

See Note 14, "Regulatory Matters" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” for additional details on the state regulatory investigations surrounding HB 6.

While FirstEnergy is committed to pursuing an open dialogue with stakeholders in an appropriate manner with respect to the numerous regulatory proceedings currently underway, FirstEnergy shareholders in particular are at risk of being adversely impacted because the rates our Electric Companies and Transmission Companies are allowed to charge may be decreased as a result of actions taken by a regulator to which our Electric Companies and Transmission Companies are subject to jurisdiction, whether as a result of the DPA, any failure to have complied with anti-corruption laws, or otherwise. 

We are unable to predict the adverse impacts of such regulatory matters, including with respect to rates, and, therefore, any of these risks could impact us significantly beyond expectations. Moreover, we are unable to predict the potential for any additional regulatory actions, any of which could exacerbate these risks or expose us to adverse outcomes in pending or future rate cases, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows.

Damage to our reputation may arise from numerous sources making us vulnerable to negative customer perception, adverse regulatory outcomes, or other consequences, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our reputation is important. Damage to our reputation could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Such damage may arise from numerous sources further discussed generally within these risk factors. Any damage to our reputation, either generally or as a result of the foregoing, may lead to negative customer perception, which may make it difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, or could adversely impact our ability to launch new sophisticated technology-driven solutions to meet our customer expectations. A damaged reputation could further result in FERC, the state public utility commissions, and other regulatory and legislative authorities being less likely to view us in a favorable light and could negatively impact the rates we charge customers or otherwise cause us to be susceptible to unfavorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements.

11

Risks Associated with the Execution of Our Strategic Initiatives

If our cost saving initiatives do not achieve the expected benefits, there could be negative impacts to FirstEnergy's business, results of operations and financial condition.

FirstEnergy is engaged in an ongoing effort to create a culture of continuous improvement to strategically reduce our operating expenditures and continually reinvest in a more diverse capital program in support of our long-term strategy. FirstEnergy leverages opportunities to reduce costs – such as filling only critical positions, implementing our facility optimization plans, and exploring other additional, sustainable opportunities, such as reducing contractor spend. There can be no assurance that implementation of our continuous improvement culture will allow us to realize the anticipated benefits to our business, results of operations and financial condition in a timely manner, if at all.

Our ability to achieve the continued benefits from our cost saving initiatives is subject to many estimates and assumptions as well as our ability to hire, recruit and retain an appropriately qualified workforce and implement a culture of continuous improvement. FirstEnergy could experience unexpected delays and business disruptions resulting from supporting these initiatives, decreased productivity, and higher than anticipated costs, any of which may impair our ability to reduce operating expenditures and to achieve anticipated results or otherwise harm FirstEnergy's business, results of operations and financial condition.

Risks Associated with Regulation of Our Distribution and Transmission Businesses

Our ability to grow our distribution and transmission businesses is subject to numerous risks and events, many of which are outside of our control. 

Our ability to capitalize on investment opportunities available to our transmission business depends, in part, on successful recovery of our transmission investments. Factors that may affect rate recovery of our transmission investments include: (1) FERC’s timely approval of rates to recover such investments; (2) whether the investments are included in PJM's Regional Transmission Expansion Plan; (3) FERC's evolving policies with respect to incentive rates for transmission assets; (4) FERC's evolving policies with respect to the calculation of the base ROE component of transmission rates; (5) consideration and potential impact of the objections of those who oppose such investments and their recovery; and (6) timely development, construction, and operation of the new facilities.

Our ability to capitalize on investment opportunities available to our distribution business depends, in part, on any future distribution rate cases or other filings seeking cost recovery for distribution system enhancements in the states where our Electric Companies operate, including maintaining the affordability of the rates charged to customers. Any denial of, or delay in, the approval of any future distribution or transmission rate requests could restrict us from fully recovering our cost of service, may impose risks on the distribution and transmission operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our regulatory strategy, results of operations and financial condition.

State rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. Any denial of or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and financial condition.

The retail rates for each of the Electric Companies are set by each of its respective regulatory agency for utilities in the state in which it operates - in Maryland by the MDPSC, in New Jersey by the NJBPU, in Ohio by the PUCO, in Pennsylvania by the PPUC, in West Virginia by the WVPSC and in New York by the NYPSC – through traditional, cost-based regulated utility ratemaking. As a result, any of the Electric Companies may not be permitted to recover its costs and, even if it is able to do so, there may be a significant delay between the time it incurs such costs and the time it is allowed to recover them. Factors that may affect outcomes in the distribution rate cases include, but are not limited to: (i) the value of plant in service; (ii) authorized rate of return; (iii) capital structure (including hypothetical capital structures); (iv) depreciation rates; (v) the allocation of shared costs, including consolidated deferred income taxes and income taxes payable across the Electric Companies; (vi) regulatory approval of rate recovery mechanisms for capital investment spending programs; and (vii) the accuracy of forecasts used for ratemaking purposes in "future test year" cases.

FirstEnergy can provide no assurance that any base rate request filed by any of the Electric Companies will be granted in whole or in part. Any denial of, or delay in, any base rate request could restrict the applicable utility from fully recovering its costs of service, may impose risks on its operations, and may negatively impact such Electric Company’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, to the extent that any of the Electric Companies seek an increase in rates, third-party pressure may be exerted on the applicable legislators and regulators to take steps to control rate increases, including through some form of rate increase moderation, reduction or freeze. Any related public discourse and debate, including with respect to the HB 6 litigation, can increase uncertainty associated with the regulatory process, the level of rates and revenues that are ultimately obtained, and the ability of the Electric Company to recover costs. Such uncertainty may restrict operational flexibility and resources, reduce liquidity and increase financing costs.

Federal rate regulation may delay or deny full recovery of costs and impose risks on our operations. Any denial or reduction of, or delay in cost recovery could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

12

FERC policy currently permits recovery of prudently incurred costs associated with cost-of-service-based wholesale power rates and the expansion and updating of transmission infrastructure within its jurisdiction. FERC’s policies on recovery of transmission costs continue to evolve, evidenced by ongoing proceedings to determine an appropriate ROE methodology to determine transmission ROEs, and to determine whether FERC’s existing policies on transmission rate incentives should be revised. If FERC were to adopt a different policy regarding recovery of transmission costs or if there is any resulting delay in cost recovery, our strategy of investing in transmission could be adversely affected. If FERC were to lower the rate of return it has authorized for FirstEnergy's cost-based wholesale power rates or transmission investments and facilities, it could reduce future earnings and cash flows, and adversely impact our financial condition.

Complex and changing federal, state and local government regulations and actions, including those associated with rates, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We are subject to comprehensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence our operating environment. Changes in, or reinterpretations of, existing laws or regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, by federal executive orders or otherwise, have in the past and could in the future require us to incur additional costs, which could be substantial, or change the way we conduct our business, and therefore could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

We could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards set by NERC/FERC or changes in the rules of organized markets, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.

Owners, operators, and users of the bulk electric system are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and approved by FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure that the bulk electric system operates reliably. NERC, RFC and FERC can be expected to continue to refine existing reliability standards as well as develop and adopt new reliability standards. Compliance with modified or new reliability standards may subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased investments. If we were found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. FERC has authority to impose penalties up to and including $1.5 million per day for failure to comply with these mandatory electric reliability standards.

In addition, PJM may direct our transmission-owning affiliates to build new transmission facilities to meet PJM's reliability requirements or to provide new or expanded transmission service under the PJM Tariff.

We may be allocated a portion of the cost of transmission facilities built by others due to changes in RTO transmission rate design. We may be required to expand our transmission system according to decisions made by an RTO rather than our own internal planning processes. Various proposals and proceedings before FERC may cause transmission rates to change from time to time. In addition, RTOs have been developing rules associated with the allocation and methodology of assigning costs associated with improved transmission reliability, reduced transmission congestion and firm transmission rights that may have a financial impact on us.

As a member of PJM, which is an RTO, we are subject to certain additional risks, including those associated with the allocation among members of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in PJM’s market, as well as those associated with complaint cases filed against PJM that may seek refunds of revenues previously earned by its members.

Risks Related to our Business Operations 

Demand for electricity within our service territory could exceed supply capacity, resulting in negative impacts to FirstEnergy’s reputation, results and financial condition, particularly if our systems are not performing as anticipated. 

Recent industry projections reflect the potential for significant growth in energy demand over the next decade. This could be exacerbated if additional generation resources are not available to meet increased demand in the future. For example, data centers have substantially larger load requirements than typical residential or commercial users. New data centers or increase in demand for existing data centers located in our service territories could increase load requirements substantially over the next several years, thereby increasing the aggregate load obligations of the Electric Companies. A need to serve the load obligations of these data centers, which could be up to 5,575 MWs through 2029, has the potential to adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.

We continue to evaluate the potential impacts of the development, construction, and operation of new data centers in our service territories and will continue to evaluate potential mitigants to these risks. FirstEnergy cannot predict whether the data centers under consideration will ever commence operations or the size of the load obligations of those that do become operational.

Competitive market forces or adverse regulatory actions may require FirstEnergy to purchase capacity and energy from the market or build additional resources to meet customers’ energy needs in an expedited manner. If that occurs, we may see opposition to recovery of these additional costs and could experience a lag between when costs are incurred and when regulators permit recovery in rates. These situations could have negative impacts on results of operations and cash flows.

13

Furthermore, in the event of electricity shortages, our ability to maintain service reliability may be compromised, which could adversely affect our financial performance, customer satisfaction, and compliance with regulatory requirements.

The hazardous activities associated with generation and distribution of electricity could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

Power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. In addition to naturally occurring risks, such as earthquakes, floods, lightning, wildfire, hurricanes and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, electrocution, collapse and machinery failure, are inherent risks in our operations which may occur as a result of inadequate internal processes, technological flaws, human error or actions of third parties or other external events. The identification, control and management of these risks depend upon adequate development and training of personnel and on operational procedures, preventative maintenance plans, and specific programs supported by quality control systems, which may not prevent the occurrence and impact of these risks.

The hazards described above, along with other safety hazards associated with our operations, can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and fines and/or penalties.

Our business is affected by variations in weather and severe weather conditions.

Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electric power. Demand for power generally peaks during the summer and winter months, with market prices also typically peaking at that time. Overall operating results may fluctuate based on weather conditions. In addition, we have historically sold less power, and consequently received less revenue, when seasonal weather conditions are milder. For example, in 2024, heating degree days in 2024 were 1% below 2023 and 15% below normal.

In addition, severe weather, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, ice or snowstorms, droughts, high winds or other natural disasters, may cause outages and property damage that may require us to incur additional costs that are generally not insured and that may not be recoverable from customers. The effect of the failure of our facilities to operate as planned under these conditions would be particularly burdensome during a peak demand period and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, which adverse effects could be further exacerbated by an increased frequency of such severe weather events.

Cyber-attacks, electronic or physical data security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems, or those of third parties we are connected to or do business with, could compromise our business operations, critical and proprietary information and employee and customer data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

In the ordinary course of our business, we depend on information technology systems that utilize sophisticated operational systems and network infrastructure to run all facets of our generation, transmission and distribution services. Additionally, we store sensitive data, intellectual property and proprietary or personally identifiable information regarding our business, employees, shareholders, customers, suppliers, business partners and other individuals in our data centers and on our networks. We may also need to provide sensitive data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information. The secure maintenance of information and information technology systems is critical to our operations.

Over the last several years, there has been an increase in the frequency of cyber-attacks by terrorists, hackers, international activist organizations, foreign governments and individuals. These and other unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to our network systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, including directly through our network infrastructure or through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception against our employees, contractors and temporary staff. Additionally, our information and information technology systems and those of our vendors and service providers may be increasingly vulnerable to data security breaches, damage and/or interruption due to viruses, ransomware, unauthorized physical access, theft of access devices, human error, malfeasance, faulty password management or other malfunctions and disruptions. Further, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information and/or security.

As a source of critical infrastructure, the energy industry is at heightened threat of cyber-attacks, which are becoming increasingly more difficult to anticipate and prevent due to their rapidly evolving nature. We cannot anticipate, detect, or implement fully preventive measures against all cybersecurity threats because the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving and in some cases, assisted by artificial intelligence. 

In addition, the increased use of smartphones, tablets, and other wireless devices, as well as ongoing remote work-from-home arrangements, may also heighten these and other operational risks. 

14

Our generation, transmission and distribution infrastructure, as well as the transmission facilities of third parties with whom we are interconnected, may be increasingly vulnerable to such attacks as a result of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which attempts to defeat security measures and gain access to our information technology systems may be made. As our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by cyber-attacks or other unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties. 

Any actual or perceived cyber-attack, data security breach, damage, interruption and/or defect could: (i) disable our generation, transmission and/or distribution services for a significant period of time; (ii) delay development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects; (iii) adversely affect our customer operations; (iv) expose us to increased risk of lawsuits; (v) expose us to increased risk of regulatory penalties; (vi) expose us to increased risk of loss of potential or existing customers; (vii) expose us to increased risk of damage relating to loss of proprietary information; (viii) corrupt data; and/or (ix) result in unauthorized access to the information stored in our data centers and on our networks and those of our vendors and service providers, including company proprietary information, supplier information, employee data and personal customer data, causing the information to be publicly disclosed, lost or stolen or result in incidents that could result in economic loss and liability and harmful effects on the environment and human health, including loss of life. 

As cyber threats continually evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, there can be no assurance that we can implement or maintain adequate preventive measures, accurately assess the likelihood of a cyber-incident or quantify potential liabilities or losses. Also, we may not discover any data security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the data security breach occurs, particularly when the breach has occurred on the systems of our vendors and service providers.

For all of these reasons, any such cyber incident could result in significant lost revenue, the inability to conduct critical business functions and serve customers for a significant period of time, the loss of confidential, sensitive and proprietary information, including but not limited to personal information of our customers, employees, suppliers, vendors and other third parties, the use of significant management resources, legal claims or proceedings, regulatory penalties, significant remediation costs, increased regulation, increased capital costs, increased insurance costs, increased protection costs for enhanced cyber security systems or personnel, and/or damage to our reputation, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation.

Our insurance coverage may not provide protection against all significant losses and our ability to obtain insurance coverage, as well as the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by international, national, state or local events and company-specific events, as well as the financial condition of insurers. 

If we cannot or do not obtain adequate insurance coverage, we may be required to pay costs associated with adverse future events. Through a combination of third-party and self-insurance, we have a comprehensive insurance program in place to provide coverage for various types of risks, including severe weather or other natural disasters, war, terrorism, cyber incidents, liability claims against us, or a combination of other significant unforeseen events that could impact our operations. However, insurance coverage may not continue to be available or may not be available at rates or on terms similar to those presently available to us. Our ability to obtain insurance and the terms of any available insurance coverage could be materially adversely affected by the financial condition of insurers, the impacts of actual or perceived climate-related events, as well as international, national, state, local or company-specific events. 

There may be some instances in which we are not fully insured against all significant losses. A loss for which we are not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Macroeconomic conditions that are beyond our control, such as government fiscal policy, tariffs, recessions, inflation and interest rate pressures, may negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.

Economic conditions, including those that may arise from government fiscal policy, tariffs, recessions, inflationary and interest rate pressures, may impact the demand for electricity and, therefore, any decline in economic conditions could lead to declines in the demand for electricity, which would reduce our revenues. Prices for equipment, materials, supplies, employee labor contractor services, together with the cost of variable-rate debt, have increased in recent years and could continue to increase in 2025 and beyond. Long-term inflationary pressures may result in such prices continuing to increase more quickly than expected. Inflation increases costs for labor, materials and services, and we may be unable to secure these resources on economically acceptable terms or offset such costs with increased revenues, operating efficiencies, or cost savings, which may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows.

We have near-term exposure to interest rates from outstanding short-term indebtedness indexed to variable interest rates, and we have exposure to future interest rates to the extent we seek to raise long-term debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt obligations and fund construction or other investment opportunities. Past disruptions in capital and credit markets, as well as the U.S. Federal Reserve's interest rate policies, have resulted in volatile interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities and increased costs for variable interest rate debt securities. Disruptions in capital and credit markets, or the Federal Reserve Board's interest rate policies, could result in volatile interest rates on new publicly issued debt securities and increase our financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Also, interest rates could change as a 

15

result of economic or other events that are beyond the control of our risk management processes. As a result, we cannot always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have if actual events lead to greater losses or costs than our risk management positions were intended to hedge. Significant and sustained increases in market interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and negatively impact our reported results of operations, cash flows and liquidity.

Continued supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

We continue to experience supply chain challenges due to economic conditions that developed during the COVID-19 pandemic and have continued in the years since, with order lead times increasing across numerous material categories, some of which remained elevated through 2024 and into 2025. The situation is fluid and a prolonged continuation or further increase in supply chain disruptions could have an adverse effect on FirstEnergy’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Such disruptions could be exacerbated by unstable or uncertain macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures. Any significant disruption or increased costs arising from these pressures on our suppliers may inhibit our access to, or require us to spend more money to source, certain products or that we use in our operations.

Furthermore, change or uncertainty in U.S. policies or the policies of other countries and regions in which our suppliers do business, including any changes or uncertainty with respect to U.S. or international trade policies or tariffs, could also disrupt our key suppliers’ operations. The presidential administration has taken action in 2025 to impose substantial new or increased tariffs. Any widespread imposition of new or increased tariffs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. New or increased tariffs could also negatively affect U.S. national or regional economies, which also could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

We are subject to financial performance risks from regional and general economic cycles as well as data centers and heavy industries such as shale gas, automotive, chemical and steel.

Our business follows economic cycles. The regional economy in which our Electric Companies operate is influenced by conditions in industries in our business territories, e.g., data centers, shale gas, automotive, chemical, steel and other heavy industries, and as these conditions and resultant demand of those industries for electricity generation changes, our revenues will be impacted.

We are subject to risks arising from the operation of our power plants and transmission and distribution equipment which could reduce revenues, increase expenses and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Operation of generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, human error in operations or maintenance, acts of terrorism or sabotage, cyber-attacks, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental requirements and governmental interventions, and operational performance below expected levels. In addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation, transmission and distribution delivery systems. Because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.

Capital investments and construction projects may not be completed within forecasted budget, schedule or scope parameters or could be canceled which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our Energize365 business plan calls for extensive capital investments totaling approximately $28 billion from 2025 through 2029, including but not limited to our transmission expansion program and our distribution grid modernization, resiliency and reliability programs. We may be exposed to the risk of substantial price increases in, or the adequacy or availability of, the costs of labor and materials used in construction, nonperformance of equipment and increased costs due to inflation, interest rates or other macroeconomic forces, delays, including delays relating to the procurement of permits or approvals, adverse weather or environmental matters. We engage numerous contractors and enter into a large number of construction agreements to acquire the necessary materials and/or obtain the required construction-related services. As a result, we are also exposed to the risk that these contractors and other counterparties could breach their obligations to us. Such risk could include our contractors’ inabilities to procure sufficient skilled labor as well as potential work stoppages by that labor force. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices, with resulting delays in those and other projects. Although our agreements are designed to mitigate the consequences of a potential default by the counterparty, our actual exposure may be greater than these mitigation provisions. Also, because we enter into construction agreements for the necessary materials and to obtain the required construction related services, any cancellation by FirstEnergy of a construction agreement could result in significant termination payments or penalties. Any delays, increased costs or losses, or cancellation of a construction project could adversely affect our business and results of operations, particularly if we are not permitted to recover any such costs in rates.

Physical acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attacks on any of our facilities or other infrastructure could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

16

As a result of the continued threat of physical acts of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attacks in the United States, our electric generation, fuel storage, transmission and distribution facilities and other infrastructure, including power plants, transformer and high voltage lines and substations, or the facilities or other infrastructure of an interconnected company, could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of war, terrorism, sabotage or other attack, which could result in disruption of our ability to generate, purchase, transmit or distribute electricity for a significant period of time, otherwise disrupt our customer operations and/or result in incidents that could result in harmful effects on the environment and human health, including loss of life. Any such disruption or incident could result in a significant decrease in revenue, significant additional capital and operating costs, including costs to implement additional security systems or personnel to purchase electricity and to replace or repair our assets over and above any available insurance reimbursement, higher insurance deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive insurance policies, legal claims or proceedings, greater regulation with higher attendant costs, generally, and significant damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Failure to provide safe and reliable service and equipment could result in serious injury or loss of life that may harm our business reputation and adversely affect our operating results.

We are committed to providing safe and reliable service and equipment in our franchised service territories. Meeting this commitment requires the expenditure of significant capital resources. However, our employees, contractors and the general public may be exposed to dangerous environments due to the nature of our operations. Failure to provide safe and reliable service and equipment due to various factors, including cyber or physical attacks, equipment failure, accidents, human error, weather or natural disasters, could result in serious injury or loss of life that may harm our business reputation and adversely affect our operating results through reduced revenues, increased capital and operating costs, litigation or the imposition of penalties/fines or other adverse regulatory outcomes.

The outcome of litigation, arbitration, mediation, and similar proceedings involving our business, or that of one or more of our operating subsidiaries, is unpredictable. An adverse decision in any material proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We are involved in a number of litigation, arbitration, mediation, and similar proceedings, including with respect to asbestos claims. These and other matters may divert financial and management resources that would otherwise be used to benefit our operations. Further, no assurances can be given that the resolution of these matters will be favorable to us. If certain matters were ultimately resolved unfavorably to us, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. See Note 15. “Commitments, Guaranties and Contingencies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary of such matters.

In addition, we are sometimes subject to investigations and inquiries by various state and federal regulators due to the heavily regulated nature of our industry. Any material inquiry or investigation could potentially result in an adverse ruling against us, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results.

We face certain human resource risks associated with potential labor disruptions and/or with the availability of trained and qualified labor to meet our future staffing requirements.

We are continually challenged to find ways to balance the retention of our aging skilled workforce while recruiting new talent to mitigate losses in critical knowledge and skills due to retirements. Workforce demographic issues challenge employers nationwide and are of particular concern to the electric utility industry. Our costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees and productivity costs, may rise. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. If we are unable to successfully recruit and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be negatively affected.

Additionally, a significant number of our physical workforce are represented by unions. While we believe that our relations with our employees are generally fair, we cannot provide assurances that the company will be completely free of labor disruptions such as work stoppages, work slowdowns, union organizing campaigns, strikes, lockouts or that any labor disruption will be favorably resolved. Mitigating these risks could require additional financial commitments and the failure to prevent labor disruptions and retain and/or attract trained and qualified labor could have an adverse effect on our business.

Significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including our health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.

We continually focus on limiting and reducing where possible, our operation and maintenance expenses. However, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures related to operation and maintenance expenses, including in the areas of health care and pension costs. We have experienced health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our cash outlay for health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken requiring employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits. The measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations and costs is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, many of which relate to factors beyond our control. These assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, discount rates, health care cost trends, benefit design 

17

changes, salary increases, the demographics of plan participants and regulatory requirements. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates—Pension and OPEB Accounting.” While we anticipate that our operation and maintenance expenses will continue to increase, if actual results differ materially from our assumptions, our costs could be significantly higher than expected which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Advances in and widespread adoption of distributed generation and regulatory policies may make our facilities significantly less competitive and adversely affect our results of operations.

Traditionally, electricity is generated at large, central station generation facilities distributed by our systems. This method results in economies of scale and lower unit costs than newer generation technologies such as fuel cells, microturbines, windmills and photovoltaic solar cells. It is possible that advances in newer generation technologies will make newer generation technologies more cost-effective, or that legislation addressing climate change at the federal or state level together with changes in regulatory policy will create incentives or benefits that otherwise make these newer generation technologies even more competitive with central station electricity production. To the extent that newer generation technologies are connected directly to load, bypassing the transmission and distribution systems, potential impacts could include decreased transmission and distribution revenues, stranded assets and increased uncertainty in load forecasting and integrated resource planning and could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity that makes them vulnerable to negative regulatory and legislative outcomes, which could have an adverse impact on our business.

Energy companies, including the Electric Companies and Transmission Companies, have been the subject of criticism on matters including the reliability of their distribution or transmission services and systems and the speed with which they are able to respond to power outages, such as those caused by storm damage. Adverse publicity of this nature, as well as negative publicity associated with the operation of coal-fired generation or proceedings seeking regulatory recoveries may cause less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes and damage our reputation, which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition.

Our results of operations could be adversely affected by events beyond our control, such as natural disasters, public health crises, government shutdowns, trade wars, recessions, political crises, negative global climate patterns, mine subsidence, or other catastrophic events. 

Our operations, or those of our vendors or suppliers, could be negatively impacted by various events beyond our control, including, but not limited to: natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, wildfires, extreme cold weather events and other adverse weather conditions; public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics; prolonged government or regulator furloughs or shutdowns; trade wars; recessions; political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war, labor unrest, and other political instability; negative global climate patterns, especially in water stressed regions; surface subsidence from underground mining impacting our facilities; or other catastrophic events, such as fires or other disasters occurring at our distribution facilities or our service providers’ facilities, whether occurring in the United States or internationally. These events could disrupt the operations of our corporate offices and our supply chain and those of our vendors and service providers, as well as disrupting our infrastructure and that of third parties with whom we are connected. To the extent any of these events occur, our operations and financial results could be adversely affected.

Risks Associated with Climate Change, GHG Emissions and Other Environmental Matters

Our aspirations and disclosures related to climate matters expose us to risks that could adversely affect our reputation and performance.

We have published statements concerning our climate-related goals and aspirations. We are targeting Scope 1 carbon neutrality by 2050, which for us includes emissions, sulfur hexafluoride leaks from transmission and distribution equipment, and our mobile fleet (i.e., vehicles). These statements reflect our aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our failure to adequately update, accomplish or accurately track and report on these goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our reputation, financial performance and growth, and expose us to increased scrutiny from the investment community, special interest groups and enforcement authorities, including at the state and local levels. Conversely, certain “anti-environmental, social and governance” sentiment among some individuals and government institutions pose the risk that we may face increasing scrutiny, reputational risk, or lawsuits from these parties.

Our ability to achieve our GHG reduction objective is subject to our ability to make operational changes and is conditioned upon numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Examples of such risks include the evolving regulatory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including the interpretation of such regulations, potential changes to such laws and regulations as a result of the new U.S. presidential administration, the prevalence of certain standards or disclosures, the evolving laws applicable to climate-related and other environmental matters, and the availability of funds to invest in initiatives in times where we are seeking to reduce costs.

18

Standards for tracking and reporting of climate and other environmental matters continue to evolve. Our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or differ from those of others. Methodologies for reporting this data may be updated and previously reported data may be adjusted to reflect improvement in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other changes in circumstances. Our processes and controls for reporting these matters across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting these metrics, including climate-related disclosures that are or may be required by the SEC, state legislatures, or other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. If our practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation or our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, acquiror, service provider or employer could be negatively impacted.

We have coal-fired generation capacity, which exposes us to risk from regulations relating to coal, GHGs and CCRs, which could lead to increased costs or the need to spend significant resources to defend allegations of violation.

We own and maintain coal-fired generating plants located in West Virginia. Historically, coal-fired generation has greater exposure to the costs of complying with federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air emissions, including GHGs and CCR disposal, than other types of electric generation facilities. To the extent that changes in government policies limit or restrict the usage of coal as a source of fuel in generating electricity or alternate fuels, such as natural gas, or displace coal on a competitive basis, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. These legal requirements and any future initiatives could impose substantial additional costs and, in the case of GHG requirements, could raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities and could require our coal-fired generation to curtail generation or cease to generate. Failure to comply with any such existing or future legal requirements may also result in the assessment of fines and penalties. Significant resources also may be expended to defend against allegations of violations of any such requirements.

We are or may be subject to environmental liabilities, including costs of remediation of environmental contamination at current or formerly owned facilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We may be subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. We are currently involved in a number of proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and we may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. We also have current or previous ownership interests in sites associated with the production of gas and the production and delivery of electricity for which we may be liable for additional costs related to investigation, remediation and monitoring of these sites. Remediation activities associated with our former MGP operations are one source of such costs, as are legacy CCR surface impoundments. See Note 15, "Commitments, Guarantees and Contingencies" of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Citizen groups or others may bring litigation over environmental issues including claims of various types, such as property damage, personal injury, and citizen challenges to compliance decisions on the enforcement of environmental requirements, such as opacity and other air quality standards, which could subject us to penalties, injunctive relief and the cost of litigation. We cannot predict the amount and timing of all future expenditures (including the potential or magnitude of fines or penalties) related to such environmental matters, although we expect that they could be material. In addition, there can be no assurance that any liabilities, losses or expenditures we may incur related to such environmental liabilities or contamination will be covered under any applicable insurance policies or that the amount of insurance will be adequate.

In some cases, a third party who has acquired assets including operating and deactivated nuclear power stations from us has assumed the liability we may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred property. If the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability or disputes its responsibility, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to hold us responsible, and our remedies against the transferee may be limited by the financial resources of the transferee.

Concerns about GHG emissions and the potential risks associated with climate change have led to increased regulation and other actions that could impact our businesses.

Federal and various regional and state authorities regulate GHG emissions, including CO
2
 emissions and have created financial incentives to reduce them. In 2023, FirstEnergy operated businesses that had total Scope 1 CO
2
 emissions of approximately 15.2 million metric tons. For existing power generation plants, CO
2
 emissions data are either obtained directly from plant continuous emission monitoring systems or calculated from actual fuel heat inputs and fuel type CO
2
 emission factors. This estimate is based on a number of projections and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, such as the forecasted dispatch, anticipated plant efficiency, fuel type, CO
2
 emissions rates and our subsidiaries’ achieving completion of such construction and development projects. While actual emissions may vary substantially, the projects under construction or development when completed will increase emissions of our portfolio and therefore could increase the risks associated with regulation of GHG emissions, and although the new U.S. presidential administration issued an executive order in January 2025 withdrawing the United States from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change’s Paris Agreement (“Paris Agreement”), future presidential administrations with differing energy and climate priorities could take actions that result in new or additional GHG emissions regulations in the future.

19

In 2010, the EPA adopted regulations pertaining to GHG emissions that require new and existing sources of GHG emissions to potentially obtain new source review permits from the EPA prior to construction or modification. In 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that such permitting would only be required if such sources also must obtain a new source review permit for increases in other regulated pollutants. In addition, the EPA previously announced plans to implement new climate change programs, including regulation of greenhouse gas emission from the utility industry. For further discussion of the regulation of GHG emissions, see Item 1.—Business—Environmental Matters – Climate Change, above. The Paris Agreement established a long-term goal of keeping the increase in global average temperature well below 2°C above pre-industrial levels. We anticipate that the Paris Agreement will continue the trend toward efforts to decarbonize the global economy and to further limit GHG emissions. 

Furthermore, the SEC has finalized climate-related disclosure rules, and although these SEC climate-related disclosure rules have been stayed, certain states have begun to pass their own laws related to GHG emissions. The impact of GHG regulation on our operations will depend on a number of factors, including the degree and timing of GHG emissions reductions required under any such legislation or regulation, the cost of emissions reduction equipment and the price and availability of offsets, the extent to which market based compliance options are available, the extent to which our subsidiaries would be entitled to receive GHG emissions allowances without having to purchase them in an auction or on the open market and the impact of such legislation or regulation on the ability of our subsidiaries to recover costs incurred through rate increases or otherwise. The costs of compliance could be substantial.

We have a minority ownership stake in a coal mine that requires governmental permits and approvals to operate, and a failure of the coal mine to renew and maintain such permits and approvals may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow.

FEV currently holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales predominantly in international markets. The viability of our investment depends upon several factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: Signal Peak’s ability to renew and maintain governmental permits and approvals and remain in compliance with federal, state, and local safety and environmental statutes, rules, and regulations affecting the coal mining industry. Failure by Signal Peak to renew and maintain necessary permits and approvals, and to comply with any such statutes, rules and regulations, may impair its operations and the ability to generate cash flows necessary for Global Holding to pay future dividends and contribute to FirstEnergy’s earnings.

Signal Peak operates a single underground coal mine in south-central Montana and must obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals that impose strict conditions and obligations relating to, among other things, various environmental and safety matters in connection with its mining and coal transportation operations. The rules applicable to these permits and approvals are complex and can change over time. Regulatory authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance. In addition, the public has the right to comment on permit applications and otherwise participate in the permitting process, including through court intervention. Limitations on Signal Peak’s ability to conduct its mining operations due to its inability to obtain or renew necessary permits or similar approvals could materially reduce or even halt production at the mine resulting in an adverse effect on our balance sheet, results of operations and cash flow.

Costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant, and the cost of compliance with new environmental laws, including limitations on GHG emissions related to climate change, could adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.

Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations, which are continuously evolving. Compliance with these legal requirements requires us to incur costs for, among other things, installation and operation of pollution control equipment, emissions monitoring and fees, remediation and permitting at our facilities. These expenditures have been significant in the past and may increase in the future. We may be forced to shut down other facilities or change their operating status, either temporarily or permanently, if we are unable to comply with these or other existing or new environmental requirements, or if the expenditures required to comply with such requirements are unreasonable.

Moreover, new federal, state or local environmental laws or regulations including, but not limited to GHG emissions, Clean Water Act effluent limitations imposing more stringent water discharge regulations, or other changes to existing environmental laws or regulations, or the interpretation of such regulations, may materially increase our costs of compliance or accelerate the timing of capital expenditures or other capital-like investments. Our compliance strategy, including but not limited to, our assumptions regarding estimated compliance costs, although reasonably based on available information, may not successfully address future relevant standards and interpretations, including with respect to evolving federal policies that may be adopted by the new U.S. presidential administration or new regulations adopted by the states in which we operate. If we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or new interpretations of longstanding requirements, even if caused by factors beyond our control, that failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal liability and fines. In addition, any alleged violation of environmental laws and regulations may require us to expend significant resources to defend against any such alleged violations. Due to the uncertainty of control technologies available to reduce GHG emissions, any legal obligation that requires substantial reductions of GHG emissions could result in substantial additional costs, adversely affecting cash flows and profitability, and raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation facilities.

The EPA may conduct NSR investigations at our generating plants, which could result in the imposition of fines.

20

We may be subject to risks from changing or conflicting interpretations of existing laws and regulations, including, for example, the applicability of the EPA's NSR programs. Under the CAA, modification of our generation facilities in a manner that results in increased emissions could subject our existing generation facilities to the far more stringent new source standards applicable to new generation facilities.

The EPA has taken the view that many companies, including many energy producers, have been modifying emissions sources in violation of NSR standards during work considered by the companies to be routine maintenance. The EPA has previously investigated alleged violations of the NSR standards at certain of our existing and former generating facilities. Should the EPA investigate our generating plants in the future, it could, if violations were discovered, result in the imposition of fines.

We could be exposed to private rights of action relating to environmental matters seeking damages under various state and federal law theories which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and business operations.

Private individuals may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege personal injury, property damages or other relief. For example, claims have been made against certain energy companies alleging that CO
2
 emissions from power generating facilities constitute a public nuisance under federal and/or state common law. While FirstEnergy is not a party to this litigation, it, and/or one of its subsidiaries, could be named in other actions making similar allegations. An unfavorable ruling in any such case could result in the need to make modifications to our coal-fired generation or reduce emissions, suspend operations or pay money damages or penalties. Adverse rulings in these or other types of actions could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and could significantly impact our business operations.

Transition risks associated with climate change, including those related to regulatory mandates could negatively impact our financial results.

A number of regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced requirements and/or incentives to reduce peak demand and energy consumption. Such conservation programs have previously resulted in and could result in further load reduction and adversely impact our financial results in different ways. We currently have energy efficiency riders in place in certain of our states to recover the cost of these programs either at or near a current recovery time frame in the states where we operate. 

In our regulated operations, energy conservation could negatively impact us depending on the regulatory treatment of the associated impacts. Should we be required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact. In the past, we have been adversely impacted by reduced electric usage due in part to energy conservation efforts such as the use of efficient lighting products such as compact fluorescent lights, halogens and light emitting diodes. We are unable to determine what impact, if any, future conservation activities will have on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Additionally, failure to meet regulatory or legislative requirements to reduce energy consumption or otherwise increase energy efficiency could result in penalties that could adversely affect our financial results.

Financial and reputational risks associated with owning coal-fired generation and a minority-interest in a coal mine may have an adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and cash flows.

MP's fleet consists of 3,093 MWs of coal-fired generation and FEV holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with international coal sales. Certain members of the investment community have adopted investment policies promoting the divestment of, or otherwise limiting new investments in, coal-fired generation and coal mining. The impact of such efforts may adversely affect the demand for and price of our common stock and impact our and MP's access to the capital and financial markets. Further, certain insurance companies have established policies limiting coal-related underwriting and investment. Consequently, these policies aimed at coal-fired generation could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

The Physical Risks Associated with Climate Change May Have an Adverse Impact on Our Business Operations, Financial Condition and Cash Flows.

Physical risks of climate change, such as flooding, wildfires, rising sea levels, and other related phenomena, resulting from more frequent or more extreme weather events and changes in temperature and precipitation patterns associated with climate change, could affect some, or all, of our operations. Frequent or extreme weather events could disrupt our operations and/or be destructive, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme weather event within the Electric Companies' and Transmission Companies’ service areas could also directly affect their capital assets, such as downed wires, poles, or damage to other operating equipment, resulting in service disruptions to customers and possibly creating hazardous conditions. Further, as extreme weather conditions increase system stress, we may incur costs relating to additional system backup or service interruptions and, in some instances, we may be unable to recover such costs. For all of these reasons, these physical risks could have an adverse financial impact on our business operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

21

Climate change poses other financial risks as well. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers’ energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of the changes. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in additional system assets and purchase additional power. Additionally, decreased energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition through decreased revenues, margins or earnings.

Risks Associated with Markets and Financial Matters

Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by the volatility in pension and OPEB investments and obligations due to capital market performance and other changes.

FirstEnergy recognizes in income the change in the fair value of plan assets and net actuarial gains and losses for its pension and OPEB plans. This adjustment to income associated with the change in fair value is recognized in the fourth quarter of each year and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement, which could result in greater volatility in pension and OPEB expenses and may materially impact our results of operations.

Our financial statements reflect the values of the assets held in trust to satisfy our obligations under pension and OPEB plans. Certain of the plan assets held in these trusts do not have readily determinable market values. Changes in the estimates and assumptions inherent in the value of these assets could affect the value of the trusts. If the value of the assets held by the trusts declines by a material amount, our funding obligation to the trusts could materially increase. These assets are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our projected return rates. Forecasting investment earnings and costs to pay future pension and other obligations requires significant judgment and actual results may differ significantly from current estimates. Capital market conditions that generate investment losses or that negatively impact the discount rate and increase the present value of liabilities may increase our future pension and OPEB expenses and further may have significant impacts on the value of the pension and other trust funds, which could require significant additional funding and negatively impact our results of operations and financial position. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Pension and OPEB Accounting.”

Our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by certain risks related to our minority interest in a coal mine.

FEV currently holds a 33-1/3% equity ownership in Global Holding, the holding company for a joint venture in the Signal Peak mining and coal transportation operations with coal sales predominantly in international markets. In the second quarter of 2022, FEV received its first dividend of $20 million after more than ten years of equity ownership in the joint venture and received total dividends in 2022, 2023, and 2024 of $170 million, $165 million, and $80 million, respectively. Additionally, during 2022, 2023, and 2024, FirstEnergy recognized approximately $168 million, $175 million, and $72 million of pre-tax equity earnings, excluding impairments, respectively, from its investment in Global Holding. Global Holding’s ability to positively affect our results of operations or pay future dividends depends upon several factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: the market price of coal, the availability and reliability of transportation facilities and other systems, geopolitical stability in international markets, and Global Holding’s ability to renew and maintain governmental permits and approvals and remain in compliance with safety and environmental regulations affecting the coal mining industry.

The price for Signal Peak’s coal depends upon factors beyond our control, including but not limited to: overall global economic and geopolitical conditions, the effect of worldwide energy consumption, including the impact of technological advances on energy consumption; international developments impacting the supply of coal; international developments impacting the supply of oil & gas; and the impact of domestic and foreign governmental laws and regulations, including environmental and climate change regulations. Any adverse change in these factors could result in weaker demand and lower prices for Global Holding’s products, and, as a result, could impact Global Holding’s ability to pay future dividends, which in turn could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations.

Failure to comply with debt covenants in our credit agreements or conditions could adversely affect our ability to execute future borrowings and/or require early repayment, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all.

Our debt and credit agreements contain various financial and other covenants including a requirement for FE to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 times, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter for the last four fiscal quarters, and that each other borrower maintain a consolidated debt-to-total-capitalization ratio of no more than 65%, and 75% for FET, measured at the end of each fiscal quarter. As of December 31, 2024, FE was in compliance with its applicable consolidated interest coverage ratio and the borrowers in each case as defined under the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities, were in compliance with their debt-to-total-capitalization ratio covenants.

Our credit agreements contain certain negative and affirmative covenants. Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in the 2021 Credit Facilities and 2023 Credit Facilities has been and may, in the future, be affected by events related to the ongoing government investigations or otherwise, including a failure to comply with the terms of the DPA.

A breach of any of the covenants contained in our credit agreements, including any breach related to alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, could result in an event of default under such agreements, and we would not be able to 

22

access our credit facilities for additional borrowings and letters of credit while any default exists. Upon the occurrence of such an event of default, any amounts outstanding under our credit facilities could be declared to be immediately due and payable and all applicable commitments to extend further credit could be terminated. If indebtedness under our credit facilities is accelerated, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay the indebtedness. In addition, certain events, including but not limited to any covenant breach related to alleged failures to comply with anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, an event of default under our credit agreements, and the acceleration of applicable commitments under such facilities could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all. The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our credit facilities and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flow, liquidity and results of operations.

A credit rating downgrade could negatively affect our or our subsidiaries’ financing costs, ability to access capital and requirement to post collateral.

We rely on access to bank and capital markets as sources of liquidity for cash requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. Certain of FirstEnergy’s subsidiaries have in the past been subject to downgrade of credit ratings. Any future downgrades in FirstEnergy or FirstEnergy subsidiaries' credit ratings from the nationally recognized credit rating agencies, particularly to levels below investment grade, could negatively affect our ability to access the bank and capital markets, especially in a time of uncertainty in either of those markets, and may require us to post cash collateral to support outstanding commodity positions in the wholesale market, as well as available letters of credit and other guarantees. Furthermore, additional downgrades could increase the cost of such capital by causing us to incur higher interest rates and fees associated with such capital. Additional rating downgrades would further increase our interest expense on certain of FirstEnergy's long-term debt obligations and would also further increase the fees we pay on our various existing credit facilities, thus increasing the cost of our working capital. Such additional rating downgrades could also negatively impact our ability to grow our regulated businesses or execute our business strategies by substantially increasing the cost of, or limiting access to, capital.

In addition, events related to the ongoing government investigations may expose us to higher interest rates for additional indebtedness, whether as a result of ratings downgrades or otherwise, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all. See 
“Failure to comply with debt covenants in our credit agreements or conditions could adversely affect our ability to execute future borrowings and/or require early repayment, and could restrict our ability to obtain additional or replacement financing on acceptable terms or at all.”

In the event of volatility or unfavorable conditions in the capital and credit markets, our business, including the immediate availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements, our ability to meet long-term commitments and the competitiveness and liquidity of energy markets may be adversely affected, which could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

We rely on the capital markets to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from our operations. We also use LOCs provided by various financial institutions to support our hedging operations. We also deposit cash in short-term investments. In the event of volatility in the capital and credit markets, our ability to access the capital markets or draw on our credit facilities and cash may be adversely affected. Our access to funds under those credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the financial institutions that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. Those institutions may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. Any delay in our ability to access those funds, even for a short period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Should there be fluctuations in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant foreign or domestic financial institutions or foreign governments, our access to liquidity needed for our business could be adversely affected. Unfavorable conditions could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures or other capital-like investments, changing hedging strategies to reduce collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating future dividend payments or other discretionary uses of cash. Energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple counterparties, which could be adversely affected should there be disruptions in the capital and credit markets. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to our business. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace those market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.

The IRA of 2022 could change the rate of taxes imposed on us and could negatively affect our cash flows and financial condition. 

The IRA of 2022, among other things, imposes a new 15% corporate AMT based on AFSI applicable to corporations with a three-year average AFSI over $1 billion. The AMT is effective for the 2023 tax year and, if applicable, corporations must pay the greater of the regular corporate income tax or the AMT. The IRA of 2022 requires the U.S. Treasury to provide regulations and other 

23

guidance necessary to administer the AMT, including further defining allowable adjustments to determine AFSI, which directly impacts the amount of AMT to be paid. On September 12, 2024, the U.S. Treasury issued proposed regulations for the AMT for comments. FirstEnergy is assessing the proposed regulations but continues to believe that it is more likely than not it will be subject to AMT, however, the completion of the U.S. Treasury’s rulemaking process and the future issuance of final regulations, as well as potential future federal tax legislation or presidential executive orders, could significantly change FirstEnergy’s AMT estimates or its conclusion as to whether it is an AMT payer at all. As further discussed below, FirstEnergy expects to pay regular federal corporate income tax for the 2024 tax year, due in large part to the gain realized from closing the FET Equity Interest Sale. The regulatory treatment of the IRA of 2022 may also be subject to regulation by FERC and/or applicable state regulatory authorities. Any adverse development in the IRA of 2022, including guidance from the U.S. Treasury and/or the IRS or unfavorable regulatory treatment, could negatively impact FirstEnergy’s cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

Changes in local, state or federal tax laws applicable to us or adverse audit results or tax rulings, and any resulting increases in taxes and fees, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

FirstEnergy is subject to various local, state and federal taxes, including income, franchise, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes. We exercise significant judgment in calculating such tax obligations, booking reserves as necessary to reflect potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions we have taken and utilizing tax benefits, such as carryforwards and credits. Additionally, various tax rate and fee increases may be proposed or considered in connection with such changes in local, state or federal tax law. We cannot predict whether legislation or regulation will be introduced, the form of any legislation or regulation, or whether any such legislation or regulation will be passed by legislatures or regulatory bodies. Any such changes, or any adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by FirstEnergy or its subsidiaries could have a negative impact on its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new U.S. tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be issued. A reform of U.S. tax laws may be enacted in a manner that negatively impacts our cash flow, results of operations, and financial condition.

We are a holding company and rely on cash from our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations and therefore any restrictions on the Electric Utilities and Transmission Companies’ ability to pay dividends or make cash payments to us may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.

Because FE is a holding company with no operations or cash flows of its own, our ability to meet our financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and to pay dividends on our common stock, is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of our subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds. Prior to funding FE, our subsidiaries have regulatory restrictions and financial obligations that must be satisfied.

For example, the Electric Companies and Transmission Companies are regulated by various state utility and federal commissions that generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of utility customers are being met. Those state and federal commissions could attempt to impose restrictions on the ability of the Electric Companies and Transmission Companies to pay dividends or otherwise restrict cash payments to us. Any inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make cash payments to us may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition.

We may also provide capital contributions or debt financing to our subsidiaries under certain circumstances, which would reduce the funds available to meet financial obligations, including making interest and principal payments on outstanding indebtedness and to pay dividends on our common stock.

We cannot assure common shareholders that future dividend payments will be made, or if made, in what amounts they may be paid.

The FE Board will continue to regularly evaluate our common stock dividend and determine whether to declare a dividend, and an appropriate amount thereof, each quarter taking into account such factors as, among other things, our earnings, financial condition and cash flows from subsidiaries, as well as general economic and competitive conditions. We cannot assure common shareholders that dividends will be paid in the future, or that, if paid, dividends will be at the same amount or with the same frequency as in the past.