We
operate in a business environment that involves significant risks, many of which
are beyond our control. Management of each Registrant regularly evaluates the
most significant risks of the Registrant’s businesses and reviews those risks
with the FirstEnergy Board of Directors or appropriate Committees of the Board.
The following risk factors and all other information contained in this report
should be considered carefully when evaluating FirstEnergy and our subsidiaries.
These risk factors could affect our financial results and cause such results to
differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by
or on behalf of us. Below, we have identified risks we currently consider
material. However, our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of
operations could be affected materially and adversely by additional risks not
currently known to us or that we deem immaterial at this time. Additional
information on risk factors is included in "Item 1. Business" and "Item 7.
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" and in other sections of this Form 10-K that include forward-looking
and other statements involving risks and uncertainties that could impact our
business and financial results.

Risks Related to Business
Operations

Risks
Arising from the Reliability of Our Power Plants and Transmission and
Distribution Equipment

Operation
of generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves risk,
including, the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes,
due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply or transportation disruptions,
accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or
sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in
obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from
environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and performance below
expected levels. In addition, weather-related incidents and other natural
disasters can disrupt generation, transmission and distribution delivery
systems. Because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of
third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by
unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third
parties.

Operation
of our power plants below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues
and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of
generating units and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures
or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of our
business. Unplanned outages typically increase our operation and maintenance
expenses and may reduce our revenues as a result of selling fewer MWH or may
require us to incur significant costs as a result of operating our higher cost
units or obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market to
satisfy our forward power sales obligations. Moreover, if we were
unable to perform under contractual obligations, penalties or liability for
damages could result. FES, FGCO and the Ohio Companies are exposed to losses
under their applicable sale-leaseback arrangements for generating facilities
upon the occurrence of certain contingent events that could render those
facilities worthless. Although we believe these types of events are unlikely to
occur, FES, FGCO and the Ohio Companies have a maximum exposure to loss under
those provisions of approximately $1.3 billion for FES, $800 million for OE and
an aggregate of $700 million for TE and CEI as co-lessees.

We
remain obligated to provide safe and reliable service to customers within our
franchised service territories. Meeting this commitment requires the expenditure
of significant capital resources. Failure to provide safe and reliable service
and failure to meet regulatory reliability standards due to a number of factors,
including, but not limited to, equipment failure and weather, could adversely
affect our operating results through reduced revenues and increased capital and
operating costs and the imposition of penalties/fines or other adverse
regulatory outcomes.

Changes
in Commodity Prices Could Adversely Affect Our Profit Margins

We
purchase and sell electricity in the competitive wholesale and retail markets.
Increases in the costs of fuel for our generation facilities (particularly coal,
uranium and natural gas) can affect our profit margins. Changes in the market
price of electricity, which are affected by changes in other commodity costs and
other factors, may impact our results of operations and financial position by
increasing the amount we pay to purchase power to supply PLR and default service
obligations in Ohio and Pennsylvania.  In addition, the weakening
global economy could lead to lower international demand for coal, oil and
natural gas, which may lower fossil fuel prices and put downward pressure on
electricity prices

Electricity
and fuel prices may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of
time for a variety of reasons, including:

 ▪

 changing
 weather conditions or seasonality;

 ▪

 changes
 in electricity usage by our
customers;

 ▪

 illiquidity
 in wholesale power and other
markets;

 27

 ▪

 transmission
 congestion or transportation constraints, inoperability or
 inefficiencies;

 ▪

 availability
 of competitively priced alternative energy
 sources;

 ▪

 changes
 in supply and demand for energy
commodities;

 ▪

 changes
 in power production capacity;

 ▪

 outages
 at our power production facilities or those of our
 competitors;

 ▪

 changes
 in production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal, crude oil
 and refined products;

 ▪

 changes
 in legislation and regulation; and

 ▪

 natural
 disasters, wars, acts of sabotage, terrorist acts, embargoes and other
 catastrophic events.

We
Are Exposed to Operational, Price and Credit Risks Associated With Selling and
Marketing Products in the Power Markets That We Do Not Always Completely Hedge
Against

We
purchase and sell power at the wholesale level under market-based tariffs
authorized by the FERC, and also enter into short-term agreements to sell
available energy and capacity from our generation assets. If we are unable to
deliver firm capacity and energy under these agreements, we may be required to
pay damages. These damages would generally be based on the difference between
the market price to acquire replacement capacity or energy and the contract
price of the undelivered capacity or energy. Depending on price volatility in
the wholesale energy markets, such damages could be significant. Extreme weather conditions,
unplanned power plant outages, transmission disruptions, and other factors could
affect our ability to meet our obligations, or cause increases in the market
price of replacement capacity and energy.

We
attempt to mitigate risks associated with satisfying our contractual power sales
arrangements by reserving generation capacity to deliver electricity to satisfy
our net firm sales contracts and, when necessary, by purchasing firm
transmission service. We also routinely enter into contracts, such as fuel and
power purchase and sale commitments, to hedge our exposure to fuel requirements
and other energy-related commodities. We may not, however, hedge the entire
exposure of our operations from commodity price volatility. To the extent we do
not hedge against commodity price volatility, our results of operations and
financial position could be negatively affected.

The
Use of Derivative Contracts by Us to Mitigate Risks Could Result in Financial
Losses That May Negatively Impact our Financial Results

We use a
variety of non-derivative and derivative instruments, such as swaps, options,
futures and forwards, to manage our commodity and financial market risks. In the
absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external
sources, the valuation of some of these derivative instruments involves
management's judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the
underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the
reported fair value of some of these contracts.  Also, we could
recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of
these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform.

Our
Risk Management Policies Relating to Energy and Fuel Prices, and Counterparty
Credit, Are by Their Very Nature Risk Related, and We Could Suffer Economic
Losses Despite Such Policies

We
attempt to mitigate the market risk inherent in our energy, fuel and debt
positions. Procedures have been implemented to enhance and monitor compliance
with our risk management policies, including validation of transaction and
market prices, verification of risk and transaction limits, sensitivity analysis
and daily portfolio reporting of various risk measurement metrics. Nonetheless,
we cannot economically hedge all of our exposures in these areas and our risk
management program may not operate as planned. For example, actual electricity
and fuel prices may be significantly different or more volatile than the
historical trends and assumptions reflected in our analyses. Also, our power
plants might not produce the expected amount of power during a given day or time
period due to weather conditions, technical problems or other unanticipated
events, which could require us to make energy purchases at higher prices than
the prices under our energy supply contracts. In addition, the amount of fuel
required for our power plants during a given day or time period could be more
than expected, which could require us to buy additional fuel at prices less
favorable than the prices under our fuel contracts. As a result, we cannot
always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have on us if
actual events lead to greater losses or costs than our risk management positions
were intended to hedge.

 28

Our risk
management activities, including our power sales agreements with counterparties,
rely on projections that depend heavily on judgments and assumptions by
management of factors such as future market prices and demand for power and
other energy-related commodities.  These factors become more difficult
to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future
these estimates are made.  Even when our policies and procedures are
followed and decisions are made based on these estimates, results of operations
may be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those calculations
prove to be inaccurate.

We also
face credit risks from parties with whom we contract who could default in their
performance, in which cases we could be forced to sell our power into a
lower-priced market or make purchases in a higher-priced market than existed at
the time of executing the contract. Although we have established risk management
policies and programs, including credit policies to evaluate counterparty credit
risk, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully meet our
obligations, that we will not be required to pay damages for failure to perform
or that we will not experience counterparty non-performance or that we will
collect for voided contracts. If counterparties to these arrangements fail to
perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative hedging arrangements or
honor underlying commitments at then-current market prices. In that event, our
financial results could be adversely affected.

Nuclear
Generation Involves Risks that Include Uncertainties Relating to Health and
Safety, Additional Capital Costs, the Adequacy of Insurance Coverage and Nuclear
Plant Decommissioning

We are
subject to the risks of nuclear generation, including but not limited to the
following:

 ▪

 the
 potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting
 from unplanned radiological releases associated with the operation of our
 nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive
 materials;

 ▪

 limitations
 on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover
 losses that might arise in connection with our nuclear operations or those
 of others in the United States;

 ▪

 uncertainties
 with respect to contingencies and assessments if insurance coverage is
 inadequate; and

 ▪

 uncertainties
 with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning
 nuclear plants at the end of their licensed operation including increases
 in minimum funding requirements or costs of
 completion.

The NRC
has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing security and
safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities.
In the event of non-compliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines and/or
shut down a unit, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the
situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated
by the NRC could necessitate substantial capital expenditures at nuclear plants,
including ours.  Also, a serious nuclear incident at a nuclear
facility anywhere in the world could cause the NRC to limit or prohibit the
operation or relicensing of any domestic nuclear unit.

Our
nuclear facilities are insured under NEIL policies issued for each plant. Under
these policies, up to $2.8 billion of insurance coverage is provided for
property damage and decontamination and decommissioning costs. We have also
obtained approximately $2.0 billion of insurance coverage for replacement power
costs. Under these policies, we can be assessed a maximum of approximately $79
million for incidents at any covered nuclear facility occurring during a policy
year that are in excess of accumulated funds available to the insurer for paying
losses.

The
Price-Anderson Act limits the public liability that can be assessed with respect
to a nuclear power plant to $12.5 billion (assuming 104 units licensed to
operate in the United States) for a single nuclear incident, which amount is
covered by:  (i) private insurance amounting to $300.0 million;
and (ii) $12.2 billion provided by an industry retrospective rating plan. Under
such retrospective rating plan, in the event of a nuclear incident at any unit
in the United States resulting in losses in excess of private insurance, up to
$117.5 million (but not more than $17.5 million per year) must be
contributed for each nuclear unit licensed to operate in the country by the
licensees thereof to cover liabilities arising out of the incident. Our maximum
potential exposure under these provisions would be $470.0 million per
incident but not more than $70.0 million in any one year.

 29

Capital
Market Performance and Other Changes May Decrease the Value of Decommissioning
Trust Fund, Pension Fund Assets and Other Trust Funds Which Then Could Require
Significant Additional Funding

Our
financial statements reflect the values of the assets held in trust to satisfy
our obligations to decommission our nuclear generation facilities and under
pension and other post-retirement benefit plans. The value of certain of
the assets held in these trusts do not have readily determinable market
values. Changes in the estimates and assumptions inherent in the value of
these assets could affect the value of the trusts.  If the value
of the assets held by the trusts declines by a material amount, our funding
obligation to the trusts could materially increase. The recent disruption in the
capital markets and its effects on particular businesses and the economy in
general also affects the values of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy
future obligations to decommission our nuclear plants, to pay pensions to our
retired employees and to pay other funded obligations. These assets are subject
to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below
our projected return rates. Forecasting investment earnings and costs to
decommission nuclear generating stations, to pay future pensions and other
obligations requires significant judgment, and actual results may differ
significantly from current estimates. Capital market conditions that generate
investment losses or greater liability levels can negatively impact our results
of operations and financial position.

We
Could be Subject to Higher Costs and/or Penalties Related to Mandatory
Reliability Standards Set by NERC/FERC or Changes in the Rules of Organized
Markets and the States in Which we do Business

As a
result of the EPACT, owners, operators, and users of the bulk electric system
are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by the NERC and
approved by FERC as well as mandatory reliability standards imposed by each of
the states in which we operate. The standards are based on the functions that
need to be performed to ensure that the bulk electric system operates reliably.
Compliance with modified or new reliability standards may subject us to higher
operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. If we were found not to
be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject
to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.

Reliability
standards that were historically subject to voluntary compliance are now
mandatory and could subject us to potential civil penalties for violations which
could negatively impact our business.  The FERC can now impose
penalties of $1.0 million per day for failure to comply with these mandatory
electric reliability standards.

In
addition to direct regulation by the FERC and the states, we are also subject to
rules and terms of participation imposed and administered by various RTOs
and ISOs. Although these entities are themselves ultimately regulated by the
FERC, they can impose rules, restrictions and terms of service that are
quasi-regulatory in nature and can have a material adverse impact on our
business. For example, the independent market monitors of ISOs and RTOs may
impose bidding and scheduling rules to curb the potential exercise of market
power and to ensure the market functions. Such actions may materially affect our
ability to sell, and the price we receive for, our energy and capacity. In
addition, the RTOs may direct our transmission owning affiliates to build new
transmission facilities to meet the reliability requirements of the RTO or to
provide new or expanded transmission service under the RTO tariffs.

We
Rely on Transmission and Distribution Assets That We Do Not Own or Control to
Deliver Our Wholesale Electricity. If Transmission is Disrupted Including Our
Own Transmission, or Not Operated Efficiently, or if Capacity is Inadequate, Our
Ability to Sell and Deliver Power May Be Hindered

 We
depend on transmission and distribution facilities owned and operated by
utilities and other energy companies to deliver the electricity we sell. If
transmission is disrupted (as a result of weather, natural disasters or other
reasons) or not operated efficiently by independent system operators, in
applicable markets, or if capacity is inadequate, our ability to sell and
deliver products and satisfy our contractual obligations may be hindered, or we
may be unable to sell products on the most favorable terms. In addition, in
certain of the markets in which we operate, we may be required to pay for
congestion costs if we schedule delivery of power between congestion zones
during periods of high demand.  If we are unable to hedge or recover
for such congestion costs in retail rates, our financial results could be
adversely affected.

Demand
for electricity within our utilities’ service areas could stress available
transmission capacity requiring alternative routing or curtailing electricity
usage that may increase operating costs or reduce revenues with adverse
impacts to results of operations. In addition, as with all utilities, potential
concerns over transmission capacity could result in MISO, PJM or the FERC
requiring us to upgrade or expand our transmission system, requiring additional
capital expenditures.

The FERC
requires wholesale electric transmission services to be offered on an
open-access, non-discriminatory basis. Although these regulations are designed
to encourage competition in wholesale market transactions for electricity, it is
possible that fair and equal access to transmission systems will not be
available or that sufficient transmission capacity will not be available to
transmit electricity as we desire. We cannot predict the timing of industry
changes as a result of these initiatives or the adequacy of transmission
facilities in specific markets or whether independent system operators in
applicable markets will operate the transmission networks, and provide related
services, efficiently.

 30

Disruptions
in Our Fuel Supplies Could Occur, Which Could Adversely Affect Our Ability to
Operate Our Generation Facilities and Impact Financial Results

We
purchase fuel from a number of suppliers. The lack of availability of fuel at
expected prices, or a disruption in the delivery of fuel which exceeds the
duration of our on-site fuel inventories, including disruptions as a result of
weather, increased transportation costs or other difficulties, labor relations
or environmental or other regulations affecting our fuel suppliers, could cause
an adverse impact on our ability to operate our facilities, possibly resulting
in lower sales and/or higher costs and thereby adversely affect our results of
operations. Operation of our coal-fired generation facilities is highly
dependent on our ability to procure coal. Although we have long-term contracts
in place for our coal and coal transportation needs, power generators in the
Midwest and the Northeast have experienced significant pressures on available
coal supplies that are either transportation or supply related. If prices for
physical delivery are unfavorable, our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Temperature
Variations as well as Weather Conditions or other Natural Disasters Could Have a
Negative Impact on Our Results of Operations and Demand Significantly Below or
Above our Forecasts Could Adversely Affect our Energy Margins

Weather
conditions directly influence the demand for electric power. Demand for power
generally peaks during the summer months, with market prices also typically
peaking at that time. Overall operating results may fluctuate based on weather
conditions. In addition, we have historically sold less power, and consequently
received less revenue, when weather conditions are milder. Severe weather, such
as tornadoes, hurricanes, ice or snow storms, or droughts or other natural
disasters, may cause outages and property damage that may require us to incur
additional costs that are generally not insured and that may not be recoverable
from customers. The effect of the failure of our facilities to operate as
planned under these conditions would be particularly burdensome during a peak
demand period.

Customer
demand could change as a result of severe weather conditions or other
circumstances over which we have no control. We satisfy our electricity supply
obligations through a portfolio approach of providing electricity from our
generation assets, contractual relationships and market purchases. A significant
increase in demand could adversely affect our energy margins if we are required
under the terms of the default service tariffs to provide the energy supply to
fulfill this increased demand at capped rates, which we expect would remain
below the wholesale prices at which we would have to purchase the additional
supply if needed or, if we had available capacity, the prices at which we could
otherwise sell the additional supply. Accordingly, any significant change in
demand could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial position.

We
Are Subject to Financial Performance Risks Related to Regional and General
Economic Cycles and also Related to Heavy Manufacturing Industries such as
Automotive and Steel

Our
business follows the economic cycles of our customers. As our retail strategy is
centered around the sale of output from our generating plants generally where
that power will reach, therefore, we are more directly impacted by the economic
conditions in our primary markets (i.e., Western Pennsylvania,
Ohio,  Maryland, New Jersey, Michigan and
Illinois).  Declines in demand for electricity as a result of a
regional economic downturn would be expected to reduce overall electricity sales
and reduce our revenues. A decrease in electric generation sales volume has
been, and is expected to continue to be, influenced by circumstances in
automotive, steel and other heavy industries.

Increases
in Customer Electric Rates and the Impact of the Economic Downturn May Lead to a
Greater Amount of Uncollectible Customer Accounts

Our operations
are impacted by the economic conditions in our service territories and those
conditions could negatively impact the rate of delinquent customer accounts and
our collections of accounts receivable which could adversely impact our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The
Goodwill of One or More of Our Operating Subsidiaries May Become Impaired, Which
Would Result in Write-Offs of the Impaired Amounts

Goodwill
could become impaired at one or more of our operating subsidiaries. The actual
timing and amounts of any goodwill impairments in future years would depend on
many uncertainties, including changing interest rates, utility sector market
performance, our capital structure, market prices for power, results of future
rate proceedings, operating and capital expenditure requirements, the value of
comparable utility acquisitions, environmental regulations and other
factors.

 31

We
Face Certain Human Resource Risks Associated with the Availability of Trained
and Qualified Labor to Meet Our Future Staffing Requirements

We must
find ways to retain our aging skilled workforce while recruiting new talent to
mitigate losses in critical knowledge and skills due to retirements. Mitigating
these risks could require additional financial commitments.

Significant
Increases in Our Operation and Maintenance Expenses, Including Our Health Care
and Pension Costs, Could Adversely Affect Our Future Earnings and
Liquidity

We
continually focus on limiting, and reducing where possible, our operation and
maintenance expenses. However, we expect cost pressures could increase as we
continue to implement our retail sales strategy. We expect to continue to face
increased cost pressures in the areas of health care and pension costs. We have
experienced significant health care cost inflation in the last few years, and we
expect our cash outlay for health care costs, including prescription drug
coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken and expect
to take requiring employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs
of their health care benefits. The measurement of our expected future health
care and pension obligations and costs is highly dependent on a variety of
assumptions, many of which relate to factors beyond our control. These
assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, health care cost trends,
benefit design changes, salary increases, the demographics of plan participants
and regulatory requirements. If actual results differ materially from our
assumptions, our costs could be significantly increased.

Our Business
is Subject to the Risk that Sensitive Customer Data May be Compromised, Which
Could Result in an Adverse Impact to Our Reputation and/or Results of
Operations

Our
business requires access to sensitive customer data, including personal and
credit information, in the ordinary course of business. A security breach may
occur, despite security measures taken by us and required of vendors. If a
significant or widely publicized breach occurred, our business reputation may be
adversely affected, customer confidence may be diminished, or we may become
subject to legal claims, fines or penalties, any of which could have a negative
impact on our business and/or results of operations.

Acts
of War or Terrorism Could Negatively Impact Our Business

The
possibility that our infrastructure, such as electric generation, transmission
and distribution facilities, or that of an interconnected company, could be
direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of war or terrorism, could
result in disruption of our ability to generate, purchase, transmit or
distribute electricity. Any such disruption could result in a decrease in
revenues and additional costs to purchase electricity and to replace or repair
our assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of
operations and financial condition.

Capital
Improvements and Construction Projects May Not be Completed Within Forecasted
Budget, Schedule or Scope Parameters

Our
business plan calls for extensive capital investments, including the
installation of environmental control equipment, as well as other initiatives.
We may be exposed to the risk of substantial price increases in the costs of
labor and materials used in construction. We have engaged numerous contractors
and entered into a large number of agreements to acquire the necessary materials
and/or obtain the required construction-related services. As a result, we are
also exposed to the risk that these contractors and other counterparties could
breach their obligations to us. Such risk could include our contractors’
inabilities to procure sufficient skilled labor as well as potential work
stoppages by that labor force. Should the counterparties to these arrangements
fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements at
then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices, with
resulting delays in those and other projects. Although our agreements are
designed to mitigate the consequences of a potential default by the
counterparty, our actual exposure may be greater than these mitigation
provisions. This could have negative financial impacts such as incurring losses
or delays in completing construction projects.

Changes
in Technology May Significantly Affect Our Generation Business by Making Our
Generating Facilities Less Competitive

We
primarily generate electricity at large central facilities. This method results
in economies of scale and lower costs than newer technologies such as fuel
cells, microturbines, windmills and photovoltaic solar cells. It is possible
that advances in technologies will reduce their costs to levels that are equal
to or below that of most central station electricity production, which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

 32

We
May Acquire Assets That Could Present Unanticipated Issues for our Business
in the Future, Which Could Adversely Affect Our Ability to Realize Anticipated
Benefits of Those Acquisitions

Asset
acquisitions involve a number of risks and challenges, including: management
attention; integration with existing assets; difficulty in evaluating the
requirements associated with the assets prior to acquisition, operating costs,
potential environmental and other liabilities, and other factors beyond our
control; and an increase in our expenses and working capital
requirements.  Any of these factors could adversely affect our ability
to achieve anticipated levels of cash flows or realize other anticipated
benefits from any such asset acquisition.

Ability
of Certain FirstEnergy Companies to Meet Their Obligations to Other FirstEnergy
Companies

Certain
of the FirstEnergy companies have obligations to other FirstEnergy companies
because of transactions involving energy, coal, other commodities, services, and
because of hedging transactions. If one FirstEnergy entity failed to perform
under any of these arrangements, other FirstEnergy entities could incur losses.
Their results of operations, financial position, or liquidity could be adversely
affected, resulting in the nondefaulting FirstEnergy entity being unable to meet
its obligations to unrelated third parties. Our hedging activities are generally
undertaken with a view to overall FirstEnergy exposures. Some FirstEnergy
companies may therefore be more or less hedged than if they were to engage in
such transactions alone.

Risks Associated With our
Proposed Merger With Allegheny

We
May be Unable to Obtain the Approvals Required to Complete our Merger with
Allegheny or, in Order to do so, the Combined Company May be Required to Comply
With Material Restrictions or Conditions.

On
February 11, 2010, we announced the execution of a merger agreement with
Allegheny. Before the merger may be completed, shareholder approval will have to
be obtained by us and by Allegheny. In addition, various filings must be made
with the FERC and various state utility, regulatory, antitrust and other
authorities in the United States. These governmental authorities may impose
conditions on the completion, or require changes to the terms, of the merger,
including restrictions or conditions on the business, operations, or financial
performance of the combined company following completion of the merger. These
conditions or changes could have the effect of delaying completion of the merger
or imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of the combined company
following the merger, which could have a material adverse effect on the
financial results of the combined company and/or cause either us or Allegheny to
abandon the merger.

If Completed, Our Merger with
Allegheny May Not Achieve Its Intended Results.

We and
Allegheny entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the merger
would result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings
and operating efficiencies relating to both the regulated utility operations and
the generation business. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger is
subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the business of
Allegheny is integrated in an efficient and effective manner. Failure to achieve
these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the
amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company and diversion of
management's time and energy and could have an adverse effect on the combined
company's business, financial results and prospects.

We
Will be Subject to Business Uncertainties and Contractual Restrictions While the
Merger with Allegheny is Pending That Could Adversely Affect Our Financial
Results.

Uncertainty
about the effect of the merger with Allegheny on employees and customers may
have an adverse effect on us. Although we intend to take steps designed to
reduce any adverse effects, these uncertainties may impair our ability to
attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed and for
a period of time thereafter, and could cause customers, suppliers and others
that deal with us to seek to change existing business
relationships.

Employee
retention and recruitment may be particularly challenging prior to the
completion of the merger, as employees and prospective employees may experience
uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company. If, despite our
retention and recruiting efforts, key employees depart or fail to accept
employment with us because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty
of integration or a desire not to remain with the combined company, our
financial results could be affected.

The
pursuit of the merger and the preparation for the integration of Allegheny into
our company may place a significant burden on management and internal resources.
The diversion of management attention away from day-to-day business concerns and
any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could
affect our financial results.

 33

In
addition, the merger agreement restricts us, without Allegheny‘s consent, from
making certain acquisitions and taking other specified actions until the merger
occurs or the merger agreement terminates. These restrictions may prevent us
from pursuing otherwise attractive business opportunities and making other
changes to our business prior to completion of the merger or termination of the
merger agreement.

Failure
to Complete Our Merger with Allegheny Could Negatively Impact Our Stock Price
and Our Future Business and Financial Results

If our
merger with Allegheny is not completed, our ongoing business and financial
results may be adversely affected and we will be subject to a number of risks,
including the following:

 •

 We
 may be required, under specified circumstances set forth in the Merger
 Agreement, to pay Allegheny a termination fee of $350 million and/or
 Allegheny’s reasonable out-of-pocket transaction expenses up to $45
 million;

 •

 we
 will be required to pay costs relating to the merger, including legal,
 accounting, financial advisory, filing and printing costs, whether or not
 the merger is completed; and

 •

 matters
 relating to our merger with Allegheny (including integration planning) may
 require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management,
 which could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may
 have been beneficial to
us.  

We could
also be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete our merger with
Allegheny.  If our merger is not completed, these risks may
materialize and may adversely affect our business, financial results and stock
price. 

Risks Associated With
Regulation

Complex
and Changing Government Regulations Could Have a Negative Impact on Our Results
of Operations

We are
subject to comprehensive regulation by various federal, state and local
regulatory agencies that significantly influence our operating environment.
Changes in, or reinterpretations of, existing laws or regulations, or the
imposition of new laws or regulations, could require us to incur additional
costs or change the way we conduct our business, and therefore could have an
adverse impact on our results of operations.

Our
utility subsidiaries currently provide service at rates approved by one or more
regulatory commissions. Thus, the rates a utility is allowed to charge may or
may not be set to recover its expenses at any given time. Additionally, there
may also be a delay between the timing of when costs are incurred and when costs
are recovered. For example, we may be unable to timely recover the costs for our
energy efficiency investments, expenses and additional capital or lost revenues
resulting from the implementation of aggressive energy efficiency programs.
While rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a
reasonable return on invested capital and recovery of operating expenses, there
can be no assurance that the applicable regulatory commission will determine
that all of our costs have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory
process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will
produce full recovery of our costs in a timely manner.  For example,
our utility subsidiaries’ ability to timely recover rates and charges associated
with integration of the ATSI footprint into PJM is uncertain.

Regulatory
Changes in the Electric Industry, Including a Reversal, Discontinuance or Delay
of the Present Trend Toward Competitive Markets, Could Affect Our Competitive
Position and Result in Unrecoverable Costs Adversely Affecting Our Business and
Results of Operations

As a
result of restructuring initiatives, changes in the electric utility business
have occurred, and are continuing to take place throughout the United States,
including Ohio, Pennsylvania and New Jersey. These changes have resulted, and
are expected to continue to result, in fundamental alterations in the way
utilities conduct their business.

Some
states that have deregulated generation service have experienced difficulty in
transitioning to market-based pricing. In some instances, state and federal
government agencies and other interested parties have made proposals to impose
rate cap extensions or otherwise delay market restructuring or even re-regulate
areas of these markets that have previously been deregulated. Although we expect
wholesale electricity markets to continue to be competitive, proposals to
re-regulate our industry may be made, and legislative or other action affecting
the electric power restructuring process may cause the process to be delayed,
discontinued or reversed in the states in which we currently, or may in the
future, operate. Such delays, discontinuations or reversals of electricity
market restructuring in the markets in which we operate could have an adverse
impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

 34

The FERC
and the U.S. Congress propose changes from time to time in the structure and
conduct of the electric utility industry. If the restructuring, deregulation or
re-regulation efforts result in decreased margins or unrecoverable costs, our
business and results of operations would be adversely affected. We cannot
predict the extent or timing of further efforts to restructure, deregulate or
re-regulate our business or the industry.

The
Prospect of Rising Rates Could Prompt Legislative or Regulatory Action to
Restrict or Control Such Rate Increases.  This In Turn Could Create
Uncertainty Affecting Planning, Costs and Results of Operations and May
Adversely Affect the Utilities’ Ability to Recover Their Costs, Maintain
Adequate Liquidity and Address Capital Requirements

Increases
in utility rates, such as may follow a period of frozen or capped rates, can
generate pressure on legislators and regulators to take steps to control those
increases. Such efforts can include some form of rate increase moderation,
reduction or freeze. The public discourse and debate can increase uncertainty
associated with the regulatory process, the level of rates and revenues, and the
ability to recover costs. Such uncertainty restricts flexibility and resources,
given the need to plan and ensure available financial resources. Such
uncertainty also affects the costs of doing business. Such costs could
ultimately reduce liquidity, as suppliers tighten payment terms, and increase
costs of financing, as lenders demand increased compensation or collateral
security to accept such risks.

Our
Profitability is Impacted by Our Affiliated Companies’ Continued Authorization
to Sell Power at Market-Based Rates

The FERC
granted FES, FGCO and NGC authority to sell electricity at market-based rates.
These orders also granted them waivers of certain FERC accounting,
record-keeping and reporting requirements. The Utilities also have
market-based rate authority.  The FERC’s orders that grant this
market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority
if the FERC subsequently determines that these companies can exercise market
power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry or engage in
abusive affiliate transactions. As a condition to the orders granting the
generating companies market-based rate authority, every three years they are
required to file a market power update to show that they continue to meet the
FERC’s standards with respect to generation market power and other criteria used
to evaluate whether entities qualify for market-based rates. FES, FGCO, NGC and
the Utilities renewed this authority for PJM in 2008 and MISO in 2009. FES,
FGCO, NGC and the Utilities must file to renew this authority for PJM in
2010.  If any of these companies were to lose their market-based rate
authority, they would be required to obtain the FERC’s acceptance to sell power
at cost-based rates. FES, FGCO and NGC could also lose their waivers, and become
subject to the accounting, record-keeping and reporting requirements that are
imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules.

There
Are Uncertainties Relating to Our Participation in Regional Transmission
Organizations (RTOs)

RTO
rules could affect our ability to sell power produced by our generating
facilities to users in certain markets due to transmission constraints and
attendant congestion costs. The prices in day-ahead and real-time energy markets
and RTO capacity markets have been subject to price volatility. Administrative
costs imposed by RTOs, including the cost of administering energy markets, have
also increased. The rules governing the various regional power markets may also
change from time to time, which could affect our costs or revenues. To the
degree we incur significant additional fees and increased costs to participate
in an RTO, and we are limited with respect to recovery of such costs from retail
customers, we may suffer financial harm. While RTO rates for transmission
service are cost based, our revenues from customers to whom we currently provide
transmission services may not reflect all of the administrative and
market-related costs imposed under the RTO tariff. In addition, we may be
allocated a portion of the cost of transmission facilities built by others due
to changes in RTO transmission rate design. Finally, we may be required to
expand our transmission system according to decisions made by an RTO rather than
our internal planning process. As a member of an RTO, we are subject to certain
additional risks, including those associated with the allocation among members
of losses caused by unreimbursed defaults of other participants in that RTO’s
market, and those associated with complaint cases filed against the RTO that may
seek refunds of revenues previously earned by its members.

 MISO
implemented an ancillary services market for operating reserves that would be
simultaneously co-optimized with MISO's existing energy markets. The
implementation of these and other new market designs has the potential to
increase our costs of transmission, costs associated with inefficient generation
dispatching, costs of participation in the market and costs associated with
estimated payment settlements.

Because
it remains unclear which companies will be participating in the various regional
power markets, or how RTOs will ultimately develop and operate, or what region
they will cover, we cannot fully assess the impact that these power markets or
other ongoing RTO developments may have.

 35

A
Significant  Delay  in  or  Challenges  to
Various Elements of ATSI’s Consolidation  into  PJM,
including but not Limited to, the Intervention
of  Parties  to the Regulatory Proceedings, Could have a
Negative Impact on Our Results of Operations and Financial
Condition

 On December 17,
2009, FERC authorized, subject to certain conditions, FirstEnergy to consolidate
its transmission assets and operations that currently are located in MISO
into PJM; such consolidation to be effective on June 1, 2011. The consolidation
will make the transmission assets that are part of ATSI, whose footprint
includes the Ohio Companies and Penn, part of PJM. Consolidation on June 1, 2011
will coincide with delivery of power under the next competitive generation
procurement process for the Ohio Companies. On December 17, 2009, and after FERC
issued the order, ATSI executed and delivered to PJM those legal documents
necessary to implement its consolidation into PJM. On December 18, 2009, the
Ohio Companies and Penn executed and delivered to PJM those legal documents
necessary to follow ATSI into PJM. Currently, ATSI, the Ohio Companies and Penn
are expected to consolidate into PJM as planned on June 1, 2011

Certain
parties have objected to various aspects of the planned consolidation into
PJM.  On September 4, 2009, the PUCO opened a case to take comments
from Ohio’s stakeholders regarding the RTO consolidation. Certain parties have
intervened and filed comments or protests in the FERC and PUCO dockets regarding
particular elements of the proposed RTO consolidation. The disputed elements
include, but are not limited to, recovery of integration costs to PJM and exit
fees to MISO and cost-allocations of transmission upgrades that originate under
the PJM and MISO tariffs. A ruling by FERC or the PUCO or  any other
regulator with jurisdiction in favor of one or more of the
intervening  or  protesting  parties (and against
FirstEnergy) on one or
more  of  the  disputed  issues could
result in a negative impact on our results of operations and financial
condition.

Energy
Conservation and Energy Price Increases Could Negatively Impact Our Financial
Results

A number
of regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced requirements and/or
incentives to reduce energy consumption by certain dates. Conservation programs
could impact our financial results in different ways. To the extent conservation
resulted in reduced energy demand or significantly slowed the growth in demand,
the value of our merchant generation and other unregulated business activities
could be adversely impacted. While we currently have energy efficiency riders in
place to recover the cost of these programs either at or near a current recovery
timeframe in all three states, currently only Ohio allows us to recover lost
revenues. In our regulated operations, conservation could negatively impact us
depending on the regulatory treatment of the associated impacts. Should we be
required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from
effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of
these measures could have a negative financial impact. We could also be impacted
if any future energy price increases result in a decrease in customer
usage.  Our results could be affected if we are unable to increase our
customer’s participation in our energy efficiency programs.  We are
unable to determine what impact, if any, conservation and increases in energy
prices will have on our financial condition or results of
operations.

Our
Business and Activities are Subject to Extensive Environmental Requirements and
Could be Adversely Affected by such Requirements

We may
be forced to shut down facilities, either temporarily or permanently, if we are
unable to comply with certain environmental requirements, or if we make a
determination that the expenditures required to comply with such requirements
are uneconomical. In fact, we are exposed to the risk that such electric
generating plants would not be permitted to continue to operate if pollution
control equipment is not installed by prescribed deadlines.

The
EPA is Conducting NSR Investigations at a Number of our Generating Plants, the
Results of Which Could Negatively Impact our Results of Operations and Financial
Condition

In
August 2009, the EPA issued a Finding of Violation and NOV alleging violations
of the CAA and Ohio regulations, including the PSD, NNSR, and Title V
regulations at the Eastlake, Lakeshore, Bay Shore, and Ashtabula generating
plants. The EPA’s NOV alleges equipment replacements occurring during
maintenance outages dating back to 1990 triggered the pre-construction
permitting requirements under the PSD and NNSR programs. In September 2009,
FGCO received an information request pursuant to Section 114(a) of the CAA
requesting certain operating and maintenance information and planning
information regarding the Eastlake, Lake Shore, Bay Shore and Ashtabula
generating plants. On November 3, 2009, FGCO received a letter providing
notification that the EPA is evaluating whether certain scheduled
maintenance at the Eastlake generating plant may constitute a major
modification under the NSR provision of the CAA. On December 23, 2009, FGCO
received another information request regarding emission projections for the
Eastlake generating plant pursuant to Section 114(a) of the CAA. FGCO intends to
comply with the CAA, including EPA’s information requests, but, at this time, is
unable to predict the outcome of this matter. A June 2006 finding of
violation and NOV in which EPA alleged CAA violations at the Bay Shore
Generating Plant remains unresolved and FGCO is unable to predict the outcome of
such matter.

 36

In
August 2008, FirstEnergy received a request from the EPA for information
pursuant to Section 114(a) of the CAA for certain operating and maintenance
information regarding its formerly-owned Avon Lake and Niles generating plants,
as well as a copy of a nearly identical request directed to the current owner,
Reliant Energy, to allow the EPA to determine whether these generating sources
are complying with the NSR provisions of the CAA. FirstEnergy intends to fully
comply with the Section 114(a) information request  An adverse result
in the above referenced matters could have a negative impact on our results of
operations and financial condition.

Costs
of Compliance with Environmental Laws are Significant, and the Cost of
Compliance with Future Environmental Laws, Including Limitations on GHG Emissions,
Could Adversely Affect Cash Flow and Profitability

Our
operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental
statutes, rules and regulations. Compliance with these legal requirements
requires us to incur costs for environmental monitoring, installation of
pollution control equipment, emission fees, maintenance, upgrading, remediation
and permitting at our facilities. These expenditures have been significant in
the past and may increase in the future. If the cost of compliance with existing
environmental laws and regulations does increase, it could adversely affect our
business and results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Moreover,
changes in environmental laws or regulations may materially increase our costs
of compliance or accelerate the timing of capital expenditures. Because of the
deregulation of generation, we may not directly recover through rates additional
costs incurred for such compliance. Our compliance strategy, although reasonably
based on available information, may not successfully address future relevant
standards and interpretations. If we fail to comply with environmental laws and
regulations, even if caused by factors beyond our control or new interpretations
of longstanding requirements, that failure could result in the assessment of
civil or criminal liability and fines. In addition, any alleged violation of
environmental laws and regulations may require us to expend significant
resources to defend against any such alleged violations.

There
are a number of initiatives to reduce GHG emissions under consideration at the
federal, state and international level. Environmental advocacy groups, other
organizations and some agencies in the United States are focusing
considerable attention on carbon dioxide emissions from power generation
facilities and their potential role in climate change.  Many states
and environmental groups have also challenged certain of the federal laws and
regulations relating to air emissions as not being sufficiently
strict.  Also, claims have been made alleging that CO2 emissions from
power generating facilities constitute a public nuisance under federal and/or
state common law.  Private individuals may seek to enforce
environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege personal injury
or property damage from exposure to hazardous materials.  Recently the
courts have begun to acknowledge these claims and may order us to reduce GHG
emissions in the future. There is a growing consensus in the United States and
globally that GHG emissions are a major cause of global warming and that some
form of regulation will be forthcoming at the federal level with respect to GHG
emissions (including carbon dioxide) and such regulation could result in the
creation of substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emission
allowances.  As a result, it is possible that state and federal
regulations will be developed that will impose more stringent limitations on
emissions than are currently in effect. In December 2009, the EPA issued an
“endangerment and cause or contributing finding” for GHG under the CAA, which
will allow the EPA to craft rules that directly regulate
GHG.  Although several bills have been introduced at the state and
federal level that would compel carbon dioxide emission reductions, none have
advanced through the legislature. Due to the uncertainty of control technologies
available to reduce greenhouse gas emissions including CO2, as well
as the unknown nature of potential compliance obligations should climate change
regulations be enacted, we cannot provide any assurance regarding the potential
impacts these future regulations would have on our operations. In addition, any
legal obligation that would require us to substantially reduce our emissions
could require extensive mitigation efforts and, in the case of carbon dioxide
legislation, would raise uncertainty about the future viability of fossil fuels,
particularly coal, as an energy source for new and existing electric generation
facilities. Until specific regulations are promulgated, the impact that any new
environmental regulations, voluntary compliance guidelines, enforcement
initiatives, or legislation may have on our results of operations, financial
condition or liquidity is not determinable.

The
EPA’s current CAIR and CAVR require significant reductions beginning in 2009 in
air emissions from coal-fired power plants and the states have been given
substantial discretion in developing their own rules to implement these
programs. On December 23, 2008, the United States Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia remanded CAIR to EPA but allowed the current CAIR
regulations to remain in effect while EPA works to remedy flaws in the CAIR
regulations identified by the court in a July 11, 2008 opinion. As a result, the
ultimate requirements under CAIR may not be known for several years and may
differ significantly from the current CAIR regulations. If the EPA significantly
changes CAIR, or if the states elect to impose additional requirements on
individual units that are already subject to CAIR, the cost of compliance could
increase significantly and could have an adverse effect on future results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition.

The
EPA's final CAMR was vacated by the United States Court of Appeals for the
District Court of Columbia on February 8, 2008 because the EPA failed to
take the necessary steps to "de-list" coal-fired power plants from its hazardous
air pollution program and therefore could not promulgate a cap and trade air
emissions reduction program. On October 21, 2009, the EPA opened a 30-day
comment period on a proposed consent decree that would obligate the EPA to
propose MACT regulations for mercury and other hazardous air pollutants by
March 16, 2011, and to finalize the regulations by November 16, 2011.
FGCO’s future cost of compliance with MACT regulations may be substantial
and could have a material adverse effect on future results of operations, cash
flows and financial condition.

 37

Various
water quality regulations, the majority of which are the result of the federal
Clean Water Act and its amendments, apply to our generating plants. In addition,
Ohio, New Jersey and Pennsylvania have water quality standards applicable to our
operations. As provided in the Clean Water Act, authority to grant federal
National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System water discharge permits can be
assumed by a state. Ohio, New Jersey and Pennsylvania have assumed such
authority.

There is
substantial uncertainty concerning the final form of federal and state
regulations to implement Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act.  On
January 26, 2007, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
remanded back to the EPA portions of its rulemaking pursuant to Section 316(b).
The EPA subsequently suspended its rule, noting that until further rulemaking
occurs, permitting authorities should continue the existing practice of applying
their best professional judgment to minimize impacts on fish and shellfish from
cooling water intake structures. On July 9, 2007, the EPA suspended this rule,
noting that until further rulemaking occurs, permitting authorities should
continue the existing practice of applying their best professional judgment to
minimize impacts on fish and shellfish from cooling water intake structures. On
April 1, 2009, the Supreme Court of the United States reversed one
significant aspect of the Second Circuit Court’s opinion and decided that
Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act authorizes the EPA to compare costs
with benefits in determining the best technology available for minimizing
adverse environmental impact at cooling water intake structures. The EPA is
developing a new regulation under Section 316(b) of the Clean Water Act
consistent with the opinions of the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeals which
have created significant uncertainty about the specific nature, scope and timing
of the final performance standard. We may incur significant capital costs to
comply with the final regulations.  If either the federal or state final
regulations require retrofitting of cooling water intake structures (cooling
towers) at any of our power plants, and if installation of such cooling towers
is not technically or economically feasible, we may be forced to take actions
which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial
condition.

Certain
fossil-fuel combustion waste products, such as coal ash, have been exempt from
hazardous waste disposal requirements pending the EPA's evaluation of the need
for future regulation. In February 2009, the EPA requested comments from the
states on options for regulating coal combustion wastes, including regulation as
non-hazardous waste or regulation as a hazardous waste. On December 30, 2009, in
an advanced notice of public rulemaking, the EPA said that the large volumes of
coal combustion residuals produced by electric utilities pose significant
financial risk to the industry.  Additional regulation of fossil-fuel
combustion waste products could have a significant impact on our management,
beneficial use, and disposal of coal ash and our cost of compliance could
increase significantly which could have a material adverse effect on future
results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

The
Physical Risks Associated with Climate Change May Impact Our Results of
Operations and Cash Flows.

Physical
risks of climate change, such as more frequent or more extreme weather events,
changes in temperature and precipitation patterns, changes to ground and surface
water availability, and other related phenomena, could affect some, or all, of
our operations. Severe weather or other natural disasters could be destructive,
which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. An extreme
weather event within the Utilities’ service areas can also directly affect their
capital assets, causing disruption in service to customers due to downed wires
and poles or damage to other operating equipment. Finally, climate change could
affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some
locations, which is essential for FirstEnergy’s and FES’s continued operation,
particularly the cooling of generating units.

Remediation
of Environmental Contamination at Current or Formerly Owned
Facilities

We are
subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating
environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by us and of
property contaminated by hazardous substances that we may have generated
regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we
owned or operated the facilities. Remediation activities associated with our
former MGP operations are one source of such costs. We are currently involved in
a number of proceedings relating to sites where other hazardous substances have
been deposited and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. We
also have current or previous ownership interests in sites associated with the
production of gas and the production and delivery of electricity for which we
may be liable for additional costs related to investigation, remediation and
monitoring of these sites. Citizen groups or others may bring litigation over
environmental issues including claims of various types, such as property damage,
personal injury, and citizen challenges to compliance decisions on the
enforcement of environmental requirements, such as opacity and other air quality
standards, which could subject us to penalties, injunctive relief and the cost
of litigation. We cannot predict the amount and timing of all future
expenditures (including the potential or magnitude of fines or penalties)
related to such environmental matters, although we expect that they could be
material.

In some
cases, a third party who has acquired assets from us has assumed the liability
we may otherwise have for environmental matters related to the transferred
property. If the transferee fails to discharge the assumed liability or disputes
its responsibility, a regulatory authority or injured person could attempt to
hold us responsible, and our remedies against the transferee may be limited by
the financial resources of the transferee.

 38

Availability
and Cost of Emission Credits Could Materially Impact Our Costs of
Operations

We are
required to maintain, either by allocation or purchase, sufficient emission
credits to support our operations in the ordinary course of operating our power
generation facilities. These credits are used to meet our obligations imposed by
various applicable environmental laws. If our operational needs require more
than our allocated allowances of emission credits, we may be forced to purchase
such credits on the open market, which could be costly. If we are unable to
maintain sufficient emission credits to match our operational needs, we may have
to curtail our operations so as not to exceed our available emission credits, or
install costly new emissions controls. As we use the emissions credits that we
have purchased on the open market, costs associated with such purchases will be
recognized as operating expense. If such credits are available for purchase, but
only at significantly higher prices, the purchase of such credits could
materially increase our costs of operations in the affected
markets.  Laws and regulations such as CAIR may, and are, being
revised and as CAIR is being rewritten it is creating uncertainty in many areas,
including but not limited to, the annual NOx emission allowances beyond
2010.

Mandatory
Renewable Portfolio Requirements Could Negatively Affect Our Costs

If
federal or state legislation mandates the use of renewable and alternative fuel
sources, such as wind, solar, biomass and geothermal, and such legislation would
not also provide for adequate cost recovery, it could result in significant
changes in our business, including renewable energy credit purchase costs,
purchased power and potentially renewable energy credit costs and capital
expenditures.  We are unable to predict what impact, if any, these
changes may have on our financial condition or results of
operations.

We
Are and May Become Subject to Legal Claims Arising from the Presence of Asbestos
or Other Regulated Substances at Some of our Facilities

We have
been named as a defendant in pending asbestos litigation involving multiple
plaintiffs and multiple defendants. In addition, asbestos and other regulated
substances are, and may continue to be, present at our facilities where suitable
alternative materials are not available. We believe that any remaining asbestos
at our facilities is contained. The continued presence of asbestos and other
regulated substances at these facilities, however, could result in additional
actions being brought against us.

The
Continuing Availability and Operation of Generating Units is Dependent on
Retaining the Necessary Licenses, Permits, and Operating Authority from
Governmental Entities, Including the NRC

We are
required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from the agencies
that regulate our business. We believe the necessary permits, approvals and
certificates have been obtained for our existing operations and that our
business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws; however, we are unable
to predict the impact on our operating results from future regulatory activities
of any of these agencies and we are not assured that any such permits, approvals
or certifications will be renewed.

Future
Changes in Financial Accounting Standards May Affect Our Reported Financial
Results

The SEC,
FASB or other authoritative bodies or governmental entities may issue new
pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards that may
require us to change our accounting policies. These changes are beyond our
control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report
our financial condition and results of operations. We could be required to apply
a new or revised standard retroactively, which could adversely affect our
financial position. The SEC has issued a roadmap for the transition by U.S.
public companies to the use of IFRS promulgated by the International Accounting
Standards Board. Under the SEC’s proposed roadmap, we could be required in 2014
to prepare financial statements in accordance with IFRS. The SEC expects to make
a determination in 2011 regarding the mandatory adoption of IFRS. We are
currently assessing the impact that this potential change would have on our
consolidated financial statements and we will continue to monitor the
development of the potential implementation of IFRS.

Increases
in Taxes and Fees.

Due to
the revenue needs of the United States and the states and jurisdictions in which
we operate, various tax and fee increases may be proposed or considered. We
cannot predict whether legislation or regulation will be introduced, the form of
any legislation or regulation, whether any such legislation or regulation will
be passed by the state legislatures or regulatory bodies. If enacted, these
changes could increase tax costs and could have a negative impact on our results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 39

Risks Associated With
Financing and Capital Structure

Interest
Rates and/or a Credit Rating Downgrade Could Negatively Affect Our Financing
Costs, Our Ability to Access Capital and Our Requirement to Post
Collateral

We have
near-term exposure to interest rates from outstanding indebtedness indexed to
variable interest rates, and we have exposure to future interest rates to the
extent we seek to raise debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt
obligations and fund construction or other investment opportunities. The recent
disruptions in capital and credit markets have resulted in higher interest rates
on new publicly issued debt securities, increased costs for certain of our
variable interest rate debt securities and failed remarketings (all of which
were eventually remarketed) of variable interest rate tax-exempt debt issued to
finance certain of our facilities. Continuation of these disruptions could
increase our financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations.
Also, interest rates could change as a result of economic or other events that
our risk management processes were not established to address. As a result, we
cannot always predict the impact that our risk management decisions may have on
us if actual events lead to greater losses or costs than our risk management
positions were intended to hedge. Although we employ risk management techniques
to hedge against interest rate volatility, significant and sustained increases
in market interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and
negatively impact our reported results of operations.

We rely
on access to bank and capital markets as sources of liquidity for cash
requirements not satisfied by cash from operations. A downgrade in our credit
ratings from the nationally recognized credit rating agencies, particularly to a
level below investment grade, could negatively affect our ability to access the
bank and capital markets, especially in a time of uncertainty in either of those
markets, and may require us to post cash collateral to support outstanding
commodity positions in the wholesale market, as well as available letters of
credit and other guarantees. A rating downgrade would also increase the fees we
pay on our various credit facilities, thus increasing the cost of our working
capital. A rating downgrade could also impact our ability to grow our businesses
by substantially increasing the cost of, or limiting access to, capital. On
February 11, 2010, S&P issued a report lowering FirstEnergy’s and its
subsidiaries’ credit ratings by one notch, while maintaining its stable outlook.
As a result, FirstEnergy may be required to post up to $48 million of
collateral. Moody's and Fitch affirmed the ratings and stable outlook of
FirstEnergy and its subsidiaries on February 11, 2010.

A rating
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold debt, inasmuch as such rating does
not comment as to market price or suitability for a particular investor. The
ratings assigned to our debt address the likelihood of payment of principal and
interest pursuant to their terms. A rating may be subject to revision or
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Each rating should be
evaluated independently of any other rating that may be assigned to our
securities.  Also, we cannot predict how rating agencies may modify
their evaluation process or the impact such a modification may have on our
ratings.

Our
credit ratings also govern the collateral provisions of certain contract
guarantees. Subsequent to the occurrence of a credit rating downgrade to
below investment grade or a “material adverse event,” the immediate posting of
cash collateral may be required. See Note 15(B) of the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information associated with a credit ratings
downgrade leading to the posting of cash collateral.

We
Must Rely on Cash from Our Subsidiaries and Any Restrictions on Our Utility
Subsidiaries’ Ability to Pay Dividends or Make Cash Payments to Us May Adversely
Affect Our Financial Condition

We are a
holding company and our investments in our subsidiaries are our primary assets.
Substantially all of our business is conducted by our subsidiaries.
Consequently, our cash flow is dependent on the operating cash flows of our
subsidiaries and their ability to upstream cash to the holding company. Our
utility subsidiaries are regulated by various state utility commissions that
generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of utility customers are
being met. Those state commissions could attempt to impose restrictions on the
ability of our utility subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise restrict cash
payments to us.

We
Cannot Assure Common Shareholders that Future Dividend Payments Will be Made, or
if Made, in What Amounts they May be Paid

Our
Board of Directors regularly evaluates our common stock dividend policy and
determines the dividend rate each quarter. The level of dividends will continue
to be influenced by many factors, including, among other things, our earnings,
financial condition and cash flows from subsidiaries, as well as general
economic and competitive conditions. We cannot assure common shareholders that
dividends will be paid in the future, or that, if paid, dividends will be at the
same amount or with the same frequency as in the past.

 40

Disruptions
in the Capital and Credit Markets May Adversely Affect our Business, Including
the Availability and Cost of Short-Term Funds for Liquidity Requirements, Our
Ability to Meet Long-Term Commitments, our Ability to Hedge Effectively our
Generation Portfolio, and the Competitiveness and Liquidity of Energy Markets;
Each Could Adversely Affect our Results of Operations, Cash Flows and Financial
Condition

We rely
on the capital markets to meet our financial commitments and short-term
liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from our operations. We also
use letters of credit provided by various financial institutions to support our
hedging operations. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets, as have been
experienced during 2008, could adversely affect our ability to draw on our
respective credit facilities. Our access to funds under those credit facilities
is dependent on the ability of the financial institutions that are parties to
the facilities to meet their funding commitments. Those institutions may not be
able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital
and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests
within a short period of time.

Longer-term
disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty,
changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of
significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to
liquidity needed for our business. Any disruption could require us to take
measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative
credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged.
Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures, changing hedging
strategies to reduce collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or
eliminating future dividend payments or other discretionary uses of
cash.

The
strength and depth of competition in energy markets depends heavily on active
participation by multiple counterparties, which could be adversely affected by
disruptions in the capital and credit markets. Reduced capital and liquidity and
failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets
could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are
important to our business. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of
the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those
markets or attempts to replace those market structures with other mechanisms for
the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts, which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash
flows.

Questions
Regarding the Soundness of Financial Institutions or Counterparties Could
Adversely Affect Us

We have
exposure to many different financial institutions and counterparties and we
routinely execute transactions with counterparties in connection with our
hedging activities, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment
banks and other institutions and industry participants. Many of these
transactions expose us to credit risk in the event that any of our lenders or
counterparties are unable to honor their commitments or otherwise default under
a financing agreement. We also deposit cash balances in short-term investments.
Our ability to access our cash quickly depends on the soundness of the financial
institutions in which those funds reside. Any delay in our ability to access
those funds, even for a short period of time, could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition.