This
Item outlines specific risks that could affect the ability of our various
businesses to compete, change our risk profile, or materially impact our
financial results and condition. Our operating environment continues to evolve
and new risks continue to emerge. To address that challenge we have an
enterprise-wide risk management committee that oversees processes for
monitoring evolving risks and oversees various initiatives designed to manage
and control our potential exposure. 

          The
following discussion highlights risks which could impact us in material ways by
causing our future results to differ materially from our past results, by
causing future results to differ materially from current expectations, or by
causing material changes in our financial condition. In this Item we have
outlined risks that we believe are important to us at the present time.
However, other risks may prove to be important in the future, and new risks may
emerge at any time. We cannot predict with certainty all potential developments
which could affect our financial performance or condition. 

18

Forward-Looking Statements 

          This
report, including materials incorporated into it, may contain forward-looking
statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, goals, expectations, and
estimates. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not a
representation of historical information but rather are related to future
operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. The words
“believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “should,” “is likely,”
“will,” “going forward,” and other expressions that indicate future events and
trends identify forward-looking statements. 

          Forward-looking
statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are
inherently subject to significant business, operational, economic and
competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond any
company’s control, and many of which, with respect to future business decisions
and actions (including acquisitions and divestitures), are subject to change.
Examples of uncertainties and contingencies include, among other important
factors: general and local economic and business conditions, including economic
recession or depression; expectations of and actual timing and amount of
interest rate movements, including the slope of the yield curve, which can have
a significant impact on a financial services institution; market and monetary
fluctuations; inflation or deflation; customer, investor, regulatory, and
legislative responses to any or all of these conditions; the financial
condition of borrowers and other counterparties; competition within and outside
the financial services industry; geopolitical developments including possible
terrorist activity; natural disasters; effectiveness and cost-efficiency of our
hedging practices; technology; demand for our product offerings; new products
and services in the industries in which we operate; and critical accounting
estimates. Other factors are those inherent in lending and holding loan-based
assets including prepayment risks, pricing concessions, fluctuation in U.S.
housing and other real estate prices, fluctuation of collateral values, and
changes in customer profiles. Additionally, the actions of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve), Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA), Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), and other
regulators; actions of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which has purchased
securities from us under its Capital Purchase Program; regulatory,
administrative, and judicial proceedings and changes in laws and regulations
applicable to us; and our success in executing our business plans and
strategies and managing the risks involved in the foregoing, could cause actual
results to differ. 

          We
assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements that are made in
this report or in any other statement, release, report, or filing from time to
time. Actual results could differ because of one or more factors, including
those listed above or presented below, in other sections of this report, or in
material incorporated by reference into this report. Readers of this report
should carefully consider the factors discussed in this Item below, among
others, in evaluating forward-looking statements and assessing our prospects. 

Competition Risks 

          We
compete with other financial services companies for customers. Our primary
areas of competition include: retail and commercial deposits and bank loans,
wealth management, personal or consumer loans including home mortgages and
lines of credit, capital markets products and services, and other consumer and
business financial products and services. Our competitors in these areas
include national, state, and non-US banks, savings and loan associations,
credit unions, consumer finance companies, trust companies, investment
counseling firms, money market and other mutual funds, insurance companies and
agencies, securities firms, mortgage banking companies, hedge funds, and other
financial services companies that serve the markets which we serve. Some
competitors are banks, subject to the same regulatory regime as we are, while
others are not banks and in many cases experience a significantly different or
reduced degree of regulation. We expect that competition will continue to grow
more intense with respect to most of our products and services. Heightened
competition tends to put 

19

downward
pressure on revenues from affected items, upward pressure on marketing and
other promotional costs, or both. For additional information regarding
competition for customers, refer to the “Competition” heading of Part
I, Item 1 beginning on page 15 of this report. 

          While
we face competition for customers, we also compete for financial capital (see
“Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks” beginning on page 24 of this
report) and to acquire and retain the human capital we need to thrive. Labor
markets change over time. The segments of that market most useful to us may contract
with demographic shifts relating to age, birth rates, education levels,
geography, local or regional economic conditions, and other factors. 

Growth and Disposition Risks 

          Every
organization faces risks associated with growth. Our growth from 2003 to 2007
resulted primarily from a combination of: our expansion strategy in banking
based on our mortgage operations; acquisition of customers from competitors
that have merged with each other; and targeted non-bank business acquisitions.
In 2007 and 2008 we modified our strategy in response to substantial and rapid
changes in business conditions. As a result, in 2008 we sold our national
mortgage platforms, closed our national specialty lending operations, and
renewed our emphasis on financial services in our traditional Tennessee-based
markets. Additional information concerning these matters is presented under
“Recent Recession and Disruptions” beginning on page 32. 

          Although
our strategy is expected to evolve as business conditions continue to change,
at present our strategy’s primary components are to invest capital and other
resources in our current Tennessee-based retail/commercial banking market
footprints, and in our capital markets business. In any case growth is expected
to be coordinated with a focus on stronger and more stable returns on capital.
Our growth in the past has been primarily organic rather than through
substantial acquisitions; in the future, that pattern may shift if
appropriate opportunities, within or outside of our current markets, present
themselves. We believe that the successful execution of our strategy depends
upon a number of key elements, including: 

 ●

 our ability
 to attract and retain banking customers in our Tennessee-based regional
 banking market areas;

 ●

 in our
 capital markets business, our ability to maintain or strengthen our existing
 customer relationships while at the same time successfully identifying and
 exploiting opportunities for new products and services, and for new
 customers, in the US and overseas;

 ●

 our ability
 to develop and retain profitable customer relationships while expanding or
 enhancing our existing information processing, technology, and other
 operational infrastructures effectively and efficiently;

 ●

 our ability
 to manage the liquidity and capital requirements associated with organic
 growth; and

 ●

 our ability
 to manage the operational, cultural, and (in some cases) liquidity and
 capital difficulties associated with growth through purchases. 

We have in
place strategies designed to achieve those elements that are significant to us
at present. Our challenge is to execute those strategies and adjust them, or
adopt new strategies, as conditions change. 

          To
the extent we engage in bank or non-bank business acquisitions, we face various
risks associated with that practice, including: 

 ●

 our ability
 to identify, analyze, and correctly assess the contingent risks in the
 acquisition and to price the transaction appropriately;

 ●

 our ability
 to integrate the acquired company into our operations quickly and
 cost-effectively;

20

 ●

 our ability
 to integrate the name recognition and goodwill of the acquired company with
 our own; and,

 ●

 our ability
 to retain customers and key employees of the acquired company. 

          At
times a company must consider disposing of or otherwise exiting businesses or
units that no longer fit into management’s plans for the future. Key risks
associated with dispositions, including closures, include: 

 ●

 our ability
 to price a sale transaction appropriately and otherwise negotiate appropriate
 terms;

 ●

 our ability
 to identify and implement key customer, technology systems, and other
 transition actions to avoid or minimize negative effects on retained
 businesses;

 ●

 our ability
 to assess and manage any loss of synergies that the disposed or exited
 business had with our retained businesses; and

 ●

 our ability
 to manage capital, liquidity, and other challenges that may arise in the
 event of a closure or other disposition that results in significant cash
 expenditures or a financial loss to us. 

Credit Risks 

          We
face the risk that our customers may not repay their loans and that the
realizable value of collateral may be insufficient to avoid a loss. In our
business some level of credit loss is unavoidable and overall levels of credit
loss can vary over time. Since 2007 credit losses increased to historically
high levels, as mentioned in “Recent Recession and Disruptions” beginning
on page 32. 

          Our
ability to manage credit risks depends primarily upon our ability to assess the
creditworthiness of customers and the value of collateral, including real
estate. We manage credit risk by attempting to diversify our loan portfolio
 and by managing its granularity, and by recording and managing an allowance
 for expected loan losses based on the factors mentioned above and in accordance
 with applicable accounting rules. We also record loan charge-offs in accordance
 with accounting and regulatory guidelines and rules. These guidelines and
 rules could change and cause charge-offs to increase for reasons related
 or unrelated to the underlying performance of our portfolio. Moreover, the
 SEC could take accounting positions applicable to our holding company that
 may be inconsistent with those taken by the OCC or other regulators for the
 Bank. 

          A
significant challenge for us is to keep the credit and other models and
approaches we use to originate and manage loans updated to take into account
changes in the competitive environment, in real estate prices and other
collateral values, and in the economy, among other things, based on our
experience originating loans and servicing loan portfolios. In recent years we
have changed our models and approaches based on changes in circumstances, and
we will do so again. At times those changes have had significant impacts upon
our reported financial results and condition. In addition, we use those models
and approaches to manage our loan portfolios and lending businesses. To the
extent our models and approaches are not consistent with underlying real-world
conditions, our management decisions could be adversely affected with
substantial consequences to the Corporation. Additional information concerning
credit risks and our management of them is set forth under the captions “Credit
Risk Management” beginning on page 40, “Foreclosure and Repurchase
Reserves” beginning
on page 57, and “Allowance for Loan Losses” beginning on page 52, of
the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
section of our 2009 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the
material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7
of Part II of this report. 

21

Insurance 

          We
use insurance to manage a number of risks, including damage or destruction of
property, legal and other liability, and certain types of credit risks. Not all
such risks are insured, in any given insured situation our insurance may be
inadequate to cover all loss, and many risks we face are uninsurable. For those
risks that are insured, we also face the risks that the insurer may default on
its obligations or that the insurer may refuse to honor them. We treat the
former risk as a type of credit risk, which we manage by reviewing the insurers
that we use and by striving to use more than one insurer when practical. The
risk of refusal, whether due to honest disagreement or bad faith, is inherent
in any contractual situation. 

          A
portion of our retail loan portfolio involves mortgage default insurance. If a
default insurer were to experience a significant credit downgrade or were to
become insolvent, that could adversely affect the carrying value of loans
insured by that company, which could result in an immediate increase in our loan
loss provision or write-down of the carrying value of those loans on our
balance sheet and, in either case, a corresponding impact on our financial
results. If many default insurers were to experience downgrades or insolvency
at the same time, the risk of a financial impact would be amplified and the
disruption to the default insurance industry could curtail our ability to
originate new loans that need such insurance, which would result in a loss of
business for us. 

Risk From Economic Downturns and Changes 

          Delinquencies
and credit losses generally increase during economic downturns due to an
increase in liquidity problems for customers and downward pressure on
collateral values. Likewise, demand for loans (at a given level of
creditworthiness), deposit and other products, and financial
services may decline during an economic downturn, and may be adversely affected
by other national, regional, or local economic factors that impact demand for
loans and other financial products and services. Such factors include, for
example, changes in interest rates, real estate prices, or expectations
concerning rates or prices. Accordingly, an economic downturn or other adverse
economic change (local, regional, national, or global) can hurt our financial
performance in the form of higher loan losses, lower loan production levels,
lower deposit levels, and lower fees from transactions and services. Additional
information illustrating these risks is given in “Recent Recession and
Disruptions” beginning on page 32. 

Hedge Risks 

          In
the normal course of our businesses, including (among others) banking,
mortgage, and capital markets, we attempt to create partial or full economic
hedges of various, though not all, financial risks. Our hedging activities are
discussed in more detail in various places under the following captions of the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2009 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of
the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
7 of Part II of this report: “Risk Management,” beginning on page 31;
and,
“Critical Accounting Policies,” beginning on page 52. Hedging creates
certain risks for us, including the risk that the other party to the hedge transaction
will fail to perform (counterparty risk, which is a type of credit risk), and
the risk that the hedge will not fully protect us from loss as intended (hedge
failure risk). Unexpected counterparty failure or hedge failure could have a
significant adverse effect on our liquidity and earnings. 

Service Risks 

          We
 engage in a wide range of activities in which we provide services to customers.
 These activities create risk of claims against us that the services were
 provided in a manner that harmed the customer or a third party, or were contrary
 to applicable laws or rules. These activities include fiduciary, custodial,
funds management, and advisory services, among others. We manage these risks
 primarily through training programs and supervision processes.

Reputation Risks 

          Our
ability to conduct and grow our businesses, and to obtain and retain customers,
is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our business practices and our
financial stability. Our reputation is, therefore, a key asset for us. Our
reputation is affected principally by our own practices and how those 

22

practices are
perceived and understood by others. Adverse perceptions regarding the practices
of our competitors, or our industry as a whole, also may adversely impact our
reputation. In addition, adverse perceptions relating to parties with whom we
have important relationships may adversely impact our reputation. Senior
management oversees processes for reputation risk monitoring, assessment, and
management. 

          Damage
to our reputation could hinder our ability to access the capital markets or
otherwise impact our liquidity, could hamper our ability to attract new
customers and retain existing ones, could create or aggravate regulatory
difficulties, and could undermine our ability to attract and retain talented
employees, among other things. Adverse impacts on our reputation, or the
reputation of our industry, may also result in greater regulatory and/or
legislative scrutiny, which may lead to laws or regulations that change or
constrain our business or operations. Events that result in damage to our
reputation also may increase our litigation risk. 

Operational Risks 

          Our
ability to conduct and grow our businesses is dependent in part upon our
ability to create and maintain an appropriate operational and organizational
infrastructure, manage expenses, and recruit and retain personnel with the
ability to manage a complex business. Operational risk can arise in many ways,
including: errors related to failed or inadequate physical, operational, information
 technology, or other processes; faulty or disabled computer or other technology
 systems; fraud, theft, physical security breaches, electronic data and related
 security breaches, or other criminal conduct by employees or third parties;
 and exposure to other external events. Inadequacies may present themselves
 in a myriad of ways, and actions taken to manage one risk may be ineffective
 for others. For example, information technologies systems may be insufficiently
 redundant to withstand a fire, incursion, or other major casualty, and they
 may be insufficiently adaptable to new business conditions or opportunities.
 Efforts to make such systems more robust may also make them less adaptable,
 and vice-versa.

          In
addition, we outsource some of our operational functions to third parties.
Those third parties may experience similar errors or disruptions that could
adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control and, in some
cases, limited ability to quickly obtain an alternate vendor. To the extent we
increase our reliance on third party vendors to perform or assist operational
functions, the challenge of managing the associated risks becomes more
difficult. 

          For
example, in 2008 we sold our national mortgage origination and servicing
platforms. We retained significant servicing right assets, however, and we
continue to originate mortgage products in our regional banking markets in and
around Tennessee. Of practical necessity, we have outsourced our servicing
functions to the purchaser of our platforms, and we have outsourced many key
roles in the Tennessee-based mortgage origination process to a third party. Managing
the operational, compliance, reputational, liability, and other risks
associated with this level of outsourcing in those business areas is an ongoing
challenge for us. 

          Failure
to build and maintain the necessary operational infrastructure, or failure of
our disaster preparedness plans if primary infrastructure components suffer
damage, can lead to risk of loss of service to customers, legal actions, and
noncompliance with applicable laws or regulatory standards. Operational risk
 is specifically managed through internal monitoring, measurement, and assessment
by line management and oversight of processes by top management, and by
maintaining systems to adhere to regulatory guidance. Additional information
concerning operational risks and our management of them appears under the
caption “Operational Risk Management” beginning on page 40 of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
section of our 2009 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the
material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7
of Part II of this report. 

23

Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks 

          Management
of liquidity and related risks is a key function for our business. Additional information
concerning liquidity risk management is set forth under the caption “Liquidity
Management” beginning on page 34 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2009
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. 

          In
 general, the costs of our funding directly impact our costs of doing business
 and, therefore, can positively or negatively affect our financial results.
 Our funding requirements currently are met principally by deposits and by
 financing from other financial institutions, particularly (in 2008 and 2009)
 government institutional lending to us under the Term Auction Facility (TAF)
 program as well as Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) secured lending. Historically
 we also depended upon financing from private institutional investors by means
 of the capital markets; however, in 2008 and 2009 we were not able to utilize
 the private markets economically, and we are not able to predict when we
 will again be able to utilize them economically. Deposits, the TAF program,
 and FHLB lending, among other things, have provided funds to us more affordably;
 however, the future costs and availability of those funding sources largely
 are not within our control. The TAF program is scheduled to be discontinued
 in 2010, and by year-end 2009 we had reduced our TAF utilization significantly.
 Late in 2008 FDIC deposit insurance coverage was expanded significantly,
 but on a temporary basis. Coverage on most accounts increased to $250,000;
 that increase is scheduled to expire after 2013. Coverage on certain non-interest
 bearing accounts became unlimited; that increase is scheduled to expire in
 2010. We believe that those increased coverage levels resulted in some amount
 of increased deposit levels; that result could be reversed if the coverage
 increases expire. 

          A
number of more general factors could make such funding more difficult, more expensive, or
unavailable on affordable terms, including, but not limited to, our financial
results, organizational or political changes, adverse impacts on
 our reputation, changes in the activities of our business partners, disruptions
 in the capital markets, specific events that adversely impact the financial
services industry, counterparty availability, changes affecting our loan
portfolio or other assets, changes affecting our corporate and regulatory
structure, interest rate fluctuations, ratings agency actions, general economic
conditions, and the legal, regulatory, accounting, and tax environments
governing our funding transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is
strongly affected by the general state of the U.S. and world economies and
financial markets as well as the policies and capabilities of the U.S.
government and its agencies, and may become or remain increasingly difficult
due to economic and other factors beyond our control. 

          Events
affecting interest rates, markets, and other factors which adversely impact our
ability or desire to access the capital markets for funding likewise may
adversely affect the demand for our services in our capital markets business.
As a result, disruptions in those areas may adversely impact our earnings in
that business unit as well as in our regional banking unit. For instance,
disruptions in 2007 that were related to mortgages and mortgage-backed assets
significantly reduced the demand for certain of our capital markets products
and services and increased the costs and uncertainties associated with our
mortgage servicing portfolio. 

          Rating
agencies assign credit ratings to issuers and their debt. In that role,
agencies directly affect the availability and cost of our funding. The
Corporation and the Bank currently receive ratings from several rating entities
for unsecured borrowings. A rating below investment grade typically reduces
availability and increases the cost of market-based funding. A debt rating of
Baa3 or higher by Moody’s Investors Service, or BBB- or higher by Standard
& Poor’s and Fitch Ratings, is considered investment grade for many
purposes. At the present time, all three rating agencies rate the unsecured
senior debt of the Corporation and the Bank as investment grade, although we
are at or near the lowest levels of that grade. To the extent that in the
future we depend on institutional borrowing and the capital markets for funding
and capital, we could experience reduced liquidity and increased cost of
funding if our debt ratings were lowered further, particularly if lowered below
investment grade. In addition, other actions by ratings agencies can create
uncertainty about our ratings in the future and thus can adversely affect the
cost and availability of funding, including placing us on negative outlook or
on watchlist. Please note that 

24

a credit
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities, is subject to
revision or withdrawal at any time, and should be evaluated independently of
any other rating. 

          In
addition to the direct liquidity risks noted above, reductions our in credit
ratings could allow counterparties to terminate and immediately force us to
settle certain derivatives agreements, and could force us to provide additional
collateral with respect to certain derivatives agreements. Additional
information concerning those matters is provided under the caption “Derivative
Instruments” within Note 25
to our financial statements, beginning on page 148 of our 2009
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 15 of Part IV of this report.

          Certain
regulatory laws or rules establish minimum capital levels or define
risk-weighting for capital, regulate deposit insurance, and govern related
funding matters for banks. Those laws or rules could be changed in a manner
that could increase our overall cost of capital and thus reduce our earnings. 

          Before
we disposed of our national lending operations, we depended on our ability to
sell or securitize first- and second-lien mortgage loans and, prior to 2007,
home equity line of credit loans (which we refer to as HELOC), and we depended
upon our ability to sell mortgages and/or mortgage servicing rights. Those
actions involved the sale of whole loans (sometimes on a servicing-retained
basis) or of beneficial interests in loans. Going forward, our mortgage
origination activity continues within our Tennessee-based regional banking
footprint. Most mortgages originated are processed, sold, and serviced on a
private-label basis through a third party under contract with us. However,
risks pertaining to our new loan originations, our retained loans and servicing
rights assets, and our former funding activities, continue. 

          When
we sold or securitized mortgage and HELOC loans, we sometimes did so with
varying degrees of recourse, which meant, in effect, that we retained some of
the risk for the loan if it defaulted. Generally we sold or securitized loans
with no recourse. A loan sold with recourse means the seller retains
substantial or full responsibility if it defaults. For a loan we sold without
recourse, we could still bear responsibility to the buyer in many cases if the
loan defaulted early or was paid off early (typically within the first 90
days), or if the loan did not conform to representations we made to the buyer
at the time of sale. At present, in those cases where we are responsible for
 a loan for representation non-conformity, usually we satisfy our obligations
 to the buyer by repurchase or by making the buyer whole economically. Typically
 we had similar obligations for breach of
representation, non-conformity, or early default, if the loan was included on
 a non-recourse basis in a securitization transaction or loan sale, if the
transaction was a sale of servicing rights, or if we had a make-whole or other
indemnity obligation. Repurchase and make-whole loans (for representation non-conformity)
frequently involve default or fraud and therefore frequently result in losses
to us. We managed the risk of non-conformity through origination and
documentation controls and procedures, and through post-closing quality control
processes and repurchase and make-whole request reviews. In recent years we have
 experienced an increase in loan repurchases and make-wholes for these reasons;
 2009 saw a sharp increase. Management has augmented its review process and
 maintains a reserve for losses related to loan repurchases and make-wholes
 due to both nonconformity and recourse obligations. Additional information
 concerning these risks is set forth under the caption “Foreclosure and
 Repurchase Reserves” beginning on page
57 of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
section of our 2009 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the
material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7
of Part II of this report. 

Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks 

          A
significant portion of our business involves borrowing and lending money.
Accordingly, changes in interest rates directly impact our revenues and
expenses, and potentially could expand or 

25

compress our
net interest margin. We actively manage our balance sheet to control the risks
of a reduction in net interest margin brought about by ordinary fluctuations
 in rates. Additional information concerning those risks and our management
 of them appears under the caption “Interest Rate Risk Management” beginning
on page 32 of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
section of our 2009 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the
material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7
of Part II of this report.

          Our
mortgage servicing rights (MSR) portfolio is affected by changes in interest
rates. Although we sold our mortgage servicing platform in 2008, at present we
still retain substantial MSR assets. The value of MSR assets declines when the
underlying loans are refinanced or otherwise paid early. Generally, when
interest rates increase, the value of MSR generally increases, and when rates
decline the value of MSR tends to decline. However, those general tendencies
 do not result in concrete outcomes in all circumstances; for example, a decrease
in interest rates does not always result in a predictable increase in
refinancings because other factors may blunt loan demand or curtail credit
availability. Additional information concerning those risks and our management
of them appears under the caption “Mortgage Servicing Rights and Other Related
Retained Interests” beginning on page 54 of the Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our
2009 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report.

          We
face the risks associated with movements in the yield curve. The yield curve
simply shows the interest rates applicable to short and long term debt. The
curve is steep when short-term rates are much lower than long-term rates; it is
flat when short-term rates are equal, or nearly equal, to long-term rates; and
it is inverted when short-term rates exceed long-term rates. Historically, the
yield curve normally is positively sloped. However, the yield curve can be
relatively flat or inverted for short or even protracted periods. A flat or
inverted yield curve tends to decrease net interest margin, which would
adversely impact our lending businesses, and it tends to reduce demand for
long-term debt securities, which would adversely impact the revenues of our
capital markets business. A prolonged inversion of the yield curve historically
is so uncommon that it is difficult to predict all the effects that such a
market condition is reasonably likely to create.

          Expectations
by the market regarding the direction of future interest rate movements,
particularly long-term rates, can impact the demand for long-term debt which in
turn can impact the revenues of our capital markets business. That risk is most
apparent during times when strong expectations have not yet been reflected in
market rates, or when expectations are especially weak or uncertain.

Securities Inventories and Market Risks

          Our
capital markets business buys and sells various types of securities for its
institutional customers. In the course of that business we hold inventory
positions and are exposed to certain risks of market fluctuations. In addition,
we are exposed to credit risk and interest rate risk associated with debt
securities. We manage the risks of holding inventories of securities through
certain policies and procedures, including hedging activities related to
certain interest rate risks. Additional information concerning those risks and
our management of them appears under the caption “Market Risk Management”
beginning on page 40
of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and
Financial Condition section of our 2009 Annual Report to Shareholders, which
is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference
into Item 7 of Part II of this report, and in the “Credit Risks” discussion
beginning on page 21
of this report.

26

          In
addition, we earn fees and other income related to our brokerage business and
our management of assets for customers. Declines, disruptions, or precipitous
changes in markets or market prices can adversely affect those revenue sources.

          We
have exposure to risks related to securities markets in other respects as well.
We have a number of assets and obligations that are linked, directly or indirectly,
to major securities markets. Significant changes in market performance can have
a material impact upon our assets, liabilities, and financial results. A major
example of that linkage is our obligation to fund our pension plan so that it
may satisfy benefit claims in the future. Our pension funding obligations
generally depend upon actuarial estimates of benefits claims and actuarial
estimates of future plan asset values. To a substantial extent the pension plan
invests its assets in marketable securities. Our obligations to fund the plan
can diminish substantially if the plan’s investments perform well, and can grow
substantially if those investments perform poorly. Changes in those obligations
generally translate into positive or negative changes in our pension expense,
which in turn affects our financial performance. Although our obligations and
expenses relative to the plan can be affected by many other things, including
changes in our participating employee population and changes to the plan itself,
declines in market performance in recent years will tend to increase our
obligations to fund the pension plan over the next several years. We recently
modified the plan design and will implement a freeze of new benefits after
2012, and we changed the asset allocation investment strategy; we expect these
changes to moderate future volatility in this area.

Venture Capital Risks

          Venture
capital investments are inherently volatile. The companies in which we have
invested are much less mature, smaller, and much more unproven than a typical
public company. Accordingly, those investments carry a substantial risk of
loss. Venture capital investments also are inherently illiquid. Success in this
business can only be assessed in the long term and depends to a very large
extent upon the ability of management to find sound investment prospects,
negotiate financially appropriate investment terms, and oversee each investment
as the company uses the venture capital and develops. In the short term,
venture capital losses are not uncommon even if the business proves to be
successful in the long term. Starting in 2008 we began winding down this
business; however, due to the illiquid nature of these investments, the
wind-down process will occur over an extended period.

Regulatory, Legislative, and Legal Risks 

          We
operate in a heavily regulated industry. The regulatory environment has been
changing more rapidly in recent years, and the regulatory burdens generally
have been increasing, as a result of recent events affecting traditional
banking, mortgage banking, and financial markets generally. We are subject to
many banking, deposit, insurance, insurance brokerage, securities brokerage and
underwriting, and consumer lending regulations in addition to the rules
applicable to all companies publicly traded in the U.S. securities markets and,
in particular, on the New York Stock Exchange. Failure to comply with
applicable regulations could result in financial, structural, and operational
penalties. In addition, efforts to comply with applicable regulations may
increase our costs and/or limit our ability to pursue certain business
opportunities. See “Supervision and Regulation” in Item 1 of this report,
beginning on page 5
above, for additional information concerning financial industry regulations.
Federal and state regulations significantly limit the types of activities in
which we, as a financial institution, may engage. In addition, we are subject
to a wide array of other regulations that govern other aspects of how we
conduct our business, such as in the areas of employment and intellectual
property. Federal and state legislative and regulatory authorities increasingly
consider changing these regulations or adopting new ones. Such actions could
further limit the amount of interest or fees we can charge, could further
restrict our ability to collect loans or realize on collateral, or could
materially affect us in other ways. Additional federal and state consumer
protection regulations also could expand the privacy protections afforded to
customers of 

27

financial
institutions, restricting our ability to share or receive customer information
and increasing our costs. 

          The
following paragraphs highlight certain specific important risk areas related to
legal matters currently. These paragraphs do not describe these risks
exhaustively, and they do not describe all legal risks that we face currently.
Moreover, the importance of specific risks will grow or diminish as
circumstances change.

          Regulatory and Other Pressures Related to Operating
Losses

          The
Bank is required to maintain certain regulatory capital levels and ratios, as
discussed under the caption “Capital Adequacy” beginning on page 7
of this report. If the Bank’s financial losses continue, or if the regulatory
requirements were to increase, then at some point the Bank’s ability to
meet those requirements could be adversely affected. 

          Pressure
to maintain appropriate capital levels and address business needs in a recessionary
environment during times of financial loss
may lead to actions that could be adverse to our shareholders, at least in the
short term. Such actions that have already occurred include the elimination of
our common cash dividend, the sale of our common stock and the issuance of a
common stock warrant at times (in 2008) when market prices were
disadvantageous, and a contraction of our balance sheet (involving sales or
other dispositions of assets or businesses) at times when market values were
depressed. Further such actions could occur.

          Federal and
State Regulatory Jurisdiction

          Some
state authorities from time to time have challenged, and on occasion continue
to challenge, the position of the OCC that it is the exclusive regulator of
various aspects of national banks or their operating subsidiaries. If one or
more of those challenges were successful, or if Congress or the OCC were to
change the applicable banking laws or regulations, we could be impacted
significantly, due, among other things, to possible increased regulatory
burdens, governmental (including state attorney general) and private party
actions alleging non-compliance with state law, and the expense of tracking and
complying with the different laws and regulations of those states in which we
do business.

          In
its 2009 decision known as Cuomo v. Clearing
House Association L.L.C.,
the U.S. Supreme Court determined that the OCC does not have the exclusive
ability to enforce certain state and local laws applicable to certain business
activities of national banks which are not pre-empted by federal law. The 
Cuomo
decision modified the position of the OCC and lower court decisions that had
affirmed the OCC’s regulations regarding its visitorial power, and limited the
application of a 2007 Supreme Court decision known as 
Watters v. Wachovia Bank N.A. which had
been viewed as indirectly supportive of the OCC’s position.

          It
is not possible at this time to gauge what effects the Cuomo decision will have upon us. Although
our regional banking business operates primarily in the state of Tennessee, we
have branches in other states, we have customers in several more, and a
component of our long-term strategy is possible further expansion into other
southeastern states. In addition, our capital markets business has customers
and offices in many states, and our mortgage banking and national specialty
lending businesses hold and service (directly or indirectly) assets originated
across the U.S.

          Cuomo
holds that the National Bank Act allows states to enforce non-pre-empted laws
through judicial proceedings against national banks. Most states and some
communities have in place various laws pertaining to lending and other business
activities conducted by banks, some of which may not be pre-

28

empted by
federal law. Dealing with potential state and local enforcement activity
relating to non-pre-empted laws would, at a minimum, increase the compliance
costs for national banks that have multi-state operations.

          Recent Legislation

          In
2008 the U.S. Congress enacted the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of
2008, sometimes known as EESA. Under authority of EESA the U.S. Department of
 the Treasury initiated a Capital Purchase Program, sometimes referred to
 as the CPP, which has been implemented in conjunction with the U.S. banking
 regulators under an umbrella called the Troubled Asset Relief Program, or
 TARP. Under the CPP, the Treasury has purchased preferred stock from approved
 financial institutions upon terms and conditions set by the Treasury, and
 in late 2008 the Treasury purchased preferred stock from us. In February
 2009, the U.S. Congress enacted the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
 of 2009 (the
“Recovery Act”), which amended portions of EESA relevant to CPP participants.
Additional information concerning our participation in the TARP appears in
“EESA Legislation and TARP Participation” beginning on page 10 of this
report. Among other things, the Recovery Act significantly restricts incentive
compensation, including bonus and retention awards, for the executives whose
compensation is described in detail in our proxy statement (the “named executives”)
and for the twenty employees, excluding the named executives, whose total compensation
is the highest (the “Highest 20”). Extensive new rules were adopted
by the Treasury in 2009 to implement these new restrictions. The new TARP restrictions
on incentives would cease to apply once all of the CPP preferred stock that we
sold to the Treasury is redeemed. The TARP rules have created several new risks
for us and for other institutions that sold preferred stock to the Treasury,
including the following:

 ●

 Pay Substantially Less Linked to Performance. The
 TARP restrictions on incentive compensation may adversely affect our ability
 to attract, retain, and motivate our highest performing employees, and
 therefore may adversely affect our business. Historically, we have embraced a
 pay-for-performance philosophy for employees at many levels of the company.
 Starting in 2010 the restriction on incentives will significantly de-link pay
 from performance for our named executives. For those de-linked persons,
 salary will be a larger component of their compensation package. We have
 responded by paying supplemental salary in the form of salary stock units,
 which ties the value of the salary increases to the value of our stock.
 However, the linkage of SSUs to performance is much weaker than is true for our
 traditional cash bonus programs. It is uncertain how a salary-dominated pay
 structure for those persons might affect our overall performance during the
 period in which the TARP restrictions apply to us. 

 ●

 Risks if We Desire to Redeem the CPP Preferred.
 Our redemption of the CPP preferred shares would reduce our regulatory
 capital and reduce cash on hand. We cannot redeem stock unless our Board and
 our regulators conclude it is consistent with safety, soundness, and other
 corporate and regulatory considerations. Those considerations could constrain
 our ability to redeem the preferred shares, especially in the short term,
 unless we create or raise an amount of replacement capital determined by our
 regulators to be acceptable. Creating new capital typically relies upon
 retaining earnings. Raising new capital could be dilutive to existing
 shareholders, and it may not be feasible if, at the time we wish to go to
 market, the market is disrupted or perceives us unfavorably.

 ●

 Interest Rates and Other Economic Changes.
 The Recovery Act and other legislation in 2009 are expected to result in a
 substantial increase in government expenditures and government debt for many
 years to come. It is not clear how those events will affect interest rates or
 the inflation rate, among other things, but both could rise as a result with
 adverse effects on the economy. In particular, as mentioned above, our
 businesses are very sensitive to changes in 

29

 interest
 rates and sudden changes in rates often have had an adverse effect on
 financial services companies.

          Recent
Regulatory and Legislative Proposals 

          At
any given time the U.S. Congress, federal regulators, and the states in which
we do business have pending a host of bills and other proposals that, if
enacted or adopted, could substantially impact our businesses, operations, and
financial results. Due to political and other processes, it is impossible to
predict which proposals will become final and what provisions a final law or
rule may have. The following paragraphs highlight, as examples, two recent
proposals which could have a substantial impact upon us.

 ●

 The U.S.
 Congress is considering significant new “regulatory reform” legislation.
 The legislation has taken a number of different forms, some of which would
 significantly alter the regulatory framework applicable to us. Final
 legislation could incorporate elements from several older bills and could include
 wholly new provisions. For example, one recent version of regulatory reform
 legislation would create, among other things, a Consumer Finance Protection
 Agency (CFPA). If enacted, the CFPA would have substantial authority over our
 consumer finance products and services. The CFPA’s rules could conflict
 with, and possibly override, our Bank’s
 primary regulator in consumer matters. The CFPA’s rule-making authority
 could be extensive, including such things as setting terms and conditions on
 consumer products services and regulating compensation of our employees who
 deal with consumer matters. Such rules could substantially reduce revenues,
 increase costs and risks, and otherwise make our consumer businesses less profitable
 or unprofitable. In addition, it has been proposed that national banks,
 including our bank, be made subject to regulation by all the states in a
 number of respects. At a minimum this partial rescission of federal
 pre-emption would significantly increase compliance and operating costs, as
 well as the risk of unintentional non-compliance.

 ●

 The U.S.
 Congress and other governmental bodies recently have considered, and in the
 future may enact or adopt, new laws and regulations intended to modify the
 terms of outstanding consumer loans in a manner benefiting borrowers at the
 expense of lenders, restrict the ability of lenders to make new loans, and
 increase the regulatory burdens and legal risks on lenders and loan
 servicers. Some initiatives in this area have become final but further, and
 more invasive, measures could be adopted. We have a substantial amount of
 assets in the form of consumer loans and servicing rights originated in our
 now-discontinued national businesses; new rules that compel adverse changes
 in loan terms could have a substantial adverse impact on those portfolios.

          Litigation
Risks

          We
face litigation risks from customers, employees, vendors, contractual parties,
and other persons, either singly or in class actions, and from federal or state
regulators. We manage those risks through internal controls, personnel
training, insurance, litigation management, our compliance and ethics
processes, and other means. However, the commencement, outcome, and magnitude
of litigation cannot be predicted or controlled with certainty.

          Since
2008 the risks of certain types of litigation have increased. For us, the most
notable of those types are (i) lender liability claims, (ii) claims involving
other types of distressed counterparties, (iii) claims based on declines in our
stock price, and (iv) a new type of lender tort claim. The risk from the first
two types has increased primarily because borrowers and other contractual
counterparties have experienced financial stress, in many cases resulting in an
attempt to obtain funds or relief from a solvent party (us). We expect that
this heightened risk level will not abate until after economic conditions 

30

substantially
improve. The elevated risk associated with type (iii) largely is a result of
our volatile stock price performance in 2007 and 2008, and eventually should
fall back to ordinary levels if our stock price continues to stabilize. 

          Regarding
type (iv), some local governments or agencies have claimed that certain lenders
in their communities have created a public nuisance, engaged in predatory or
discriminatory lending, or otherwise are liable for the alleged consequences of
inappropriate consumer lending, especially home mortgage lending. Lender tort
claims of this sort, where alleged damages are measured on a statistical and/or
city-wide basis, create litigation costs immediately and create a risk of
significant litigation losses for those lenders which are named as defendants
in them. Moreover, claims of this sort adversely alter the business climate and
raise the costs and risks for all lenders, both in the communities involved and
in similar communities across the country. 

Holding Company Dividends 

          Historically
the Corporation has depended upon common dividends from the Bank for cash to
fund common dividends paid to the Corporation’s shareholders. However, in
part because of the losses experienced by the Bank since 2007, regulatory
constraints generally will prevent the Bank from declaring and paying dividends
to the Corporation in 2010 without regulatory approval. Additional information
concerning those regulatory restrictions on the Bank is discussed in more
detail under the heading “Liquidity Management” in the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis section beginning on page 34 of our 2009 Annual Report
to Shareholders, which section is incorporated herein by reference. In 2008 the
Corporation discontinued paying a quarterly cash dividend to its common
stockholders and began distributing a dividend payable in shares of common
stock. As a TARP participant, we will not be able to reinstate a common cash
dividend unless we obtain regulatory consent, among other things. Additional
information concerning our participation in the TARP appears in “EESA Legislation
and TARP Participation” beginning on page 10 of this report. 

Accounting Risks 

          Uncertainties in Estimates 

          The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Three of our most
critical estimates are: the level of the allowance for credit losses; the level
 of repurchase, make-whole, and foreclosure reserves; and the valuation of
 mortgage servicing rights. However, other estimates occasionally become highly
 significant, especially in volatile situations such as litigation and other
 loss contingency matters. Estimates are made at specific points in time;
 as actual events unfold, estimates are adjusted accordingly. Due to the inherent
 nature of these estimates, it is possible that, at some time in the future,
 we may significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain
 credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance,
 or we may recognize a significant provision for impairment of our mortgage
 servicing rights, goodwill, or other assets, or we may recognize a significant
 decline in the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights, or we may make
 some other adjustment that will differ materially from the estimates that
 we make today. For additional information concerning the sensitivity of these
 estimates, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” beginning
 on page 52 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of
 Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2009 Annual Report to Shareholders. 

          Changes to Rules and Practices 

          In
addition, accounting rules and practices change over time. Changes in
accounting rules can significantly affect how we record and report assets,
liabilities, revenues, expenses, and earnings. 

31

Although such
changes generally affect all companies in a given industry, in practice changes
sometimes have a disparate impact due to differences in the circumstances or
business operations of companies within the same industry. 

Risks of Expense Control 

          Expenses
and other costs directly affect our earnings. Our ability to successfully
manage expenses is important to our long-term survival. Many factors can
influence the amount of our expenses, as well as how quickly they grow. As our
businesses change, either by expansion or contraction, additional expenses can
arise from asset purchases, structural reorganization, evolving business
strategies, and changing regulations, among other things. We manage expense
growth and risk through a variety of means, including selectively outsourcing
or multi-sourcing various functions and procurement coordination and processes.

Geographic Risks 

          Our
capital markets business is national in scope, and our capital markets division
is developing a business presence in selected Asian markets. Also, we continue
to hold substantial assets originated under our now-discontinued national
lending businesses. However, our traditional banking business remains grounded
in, and depends upon, the major Tennessee markets. As a result, although some
of our business operations and assets are exposed to geographically broad
risks, to a significant degree our banking business is exposed to economic,
regulatory, natural disaster, and other risks that primarily impact Tennessee
and neighboring states where we do our traditional banking business. In other
words, if the Tennessee region experiences adversity not shared by other parts
of the country, we are likely to experience adversity to a degree not shared by
those competitors which have a broader footprint. 

Non-U.S. Operations Risks 

          We
have two capital markets offices outside of the United States, in Hong Kong and
 Tokyo. Opening and operating non-U.S. offices creates a number of risks.
Specific risks associated with any non-U.S. presence include: the risk that
taxes, licenses, fees, prohibitions, and other barriers and constraints may be
created or increased by the U.S. or other countries that would impact our
ability to operate overseas profitably or at all; the risk that our assets and
operations in a particular country could be nationalized in whole or part
without adequate compensation; the risk that currency exchange rates could move
unfavorably so as to diminish or destroy the U.S. dollar value of assets, or
 to enlarge the U.S. dollar value of liabilities, denominated in those currencies; the
 risk that legal recourse against foreign counterparties may be limited in
 unexpected ways; risks and costs associated with U.S. banking and other regulation
 of non-U.S. business activities; and the risk that political
 or cultural preferences in a particular host country might become antagonistic
 to U.S. companies. Our ability to manage those and other risks will depend
 upon a number of factors, including: our ability to recognize and anticipate
 differences in cultural and other expectations applicable to customers, employees,
 regulators, and vendors and other business partners; our ability to recognize
 and act upon opportunities and constraints peculiar to the countries and
 cultures in which our offices operate; our ability to recognize and manage
 any exchange rate risks to which we are exposed; and our ability to anticipate
 the stability of or changes in the political, legal, and monetary systems
 of the countries in which our offices operate. 

Recent Recession and Disruptions 

          Starting
in 2007 the U.S. economy in general, and the business environment for financial
services companies in particular, experienced a significant recession. The
recession continued throughout 2009, although by year’s end there were some
signs that the worst aspects might have begun to ease and in some technical
respects the recession may have ended in 2009. Some geographic areas and
business sectors, and some companies and banks, were hurt more than others, or
experienced the downturn at 

32

different
rates or different times. At this time it is not known, and not possible to
predict, the ultimate effects of the recession. Although the recession did not
create new types of risks, we believe it is useful to highlight in this section
some of the key impacts of those events on our business to illustrate how
events beyond our control can adversely affect us. 

 Key Events of the Recession

 Examples of
 some of the most significant events related to the recession include the
 following:

 •

 Residential
 housing values in the U.S. fell in nearly every market, and in some
 highly-populated markets values fell significantly. 

 •

 The volume
 of residential housing transactions also stagnated or fell, and in some
 markets volume fell significantly. 

 •

 Except for
 “conforming loans,” which are loan products conforming to standards of
 certain government sponsored entities (GSEs), rates for some types of home
 mortgage products rose sharply and some mortgage products, with new and more
 restrictive credit criteria, became difficult for borrowers to obtain even at
 high interest rates, making it difficult or impossible for some borrowers to
 refinance an existing mortgage. 

 •

 In 2007
 private investor demand for new-issue mortgage-backed securities fluctuated
 suddenly and sharply, and for some categories of mortgages it disappeared
 almost entirely. Although this disruption has since moderated somewhat,
 private-sector demand for new-issue non-conforming mortgage-backed securities
 has not returned to prior levels. 

 •

 Many
 companies in the U.S. in many sectors of the economy reported financial
 losses or significant reductions in earnings. Banks and other companies in
 the financial services industry were, in general, especially hard hit. A
 number of banks failed or were acquired under circumstances of substantial
 financial stress. Bank failures and acquisitions-under-duress could continue
 at elevated levels in 2010. 

 •

 In 2008 the
 GSEs failed financially and were, in effect, taken over by the federal
 government. GSEs are the principal outlets for home mortgages in the U.S.
 Substantial new legislation was enacted during 2008 which changed how the
 GSEs operate and are regulated. The function of the GSEs as buyers of
 so-called conforming mortgages has continued under the new laws. In a related
 move, U.S. monetary policy has kept interest rates, especially home-mortgage
 rates, at historically low levels. The current functioning of the GSEs and
 monetary policy are credited with contributing to recent stabilization of
 real estate values in many parts of the U.S. However, if the GSEs’ activities
 and that monetary policy are not maintained in the future, real estate values
 could destabilize once again. 

 •

 Unemployment
 rose as some companies failed and others reduced their staff. Early in 2010
 unemployment in the U.S. continues to be elevated on average and in many
 regions. 

 •

 Because of
 these factors, among others, loan defaults, foreclosures, and bankruptcies
 rose significantly for U.S. individuals and businesses. 

 •

 Due to a
 significant rise in bank failures, the deposit insurance fund administered by
 the FDIC became depleted. To help maintain the fund, in 2009 the FDIC imposed
 a special insurance premium and required banks to prepay 3 years of insurance
 premiums. 

 •

 In 2008 and
 2009 substantial new laws were proposed and, in some cases, enacted, in
 response to the recession. Some of those applicable to us are mentioned in
 “Regulatory, Legislative, and Legal Risks” beginning on page 27 of
 this report. 

33

 Key Impacts of the Recession upon the Corporation and the Bank 

 Exit from National Mortgage and Specialty Lending Businesses 

           Many
 of the significant disruptions in 2007 and 2008 impacted our mortgage
 businesses substantially. We decided to exit those businesses except in our
 traditional Tennessee-based banking region. In August 2008 we sold our
 mortgage origination and servicing platforms, and during that year we exited
 the national specialty lending businesses associated with the mortgage
 business. These actions had, and will continue to have, a substantial impact
 upon our financial results and our balance sheet. 

 Substantial Increase in Losses Related to Lending and Assets from
 Exited Businesses

           Although
 we sold or closed our national mortgage and national specialty lending
 businesses, we retain as assets many of the loans that those businesses
 created. Most of those loans are secured by residential or other real estate
 situated across the U.S. We also retain a substantial portion of the mortgage
 servicing rights that we previously serviced, we continue to maintain hedge
 positions that we obtain to manage certain risks related to those retained
 servicing rights, and we retain the risk of liability to parties with whom
 we made contracts in the course of operating those businesses. These legacy
 assets and positions continue to impose risks on us. Key risks include: 

 •

 The loans on
 our books have experienced significantly higher default and loss rates
 compared to pre-recession years. For example, due to declining home values,
 home loans secured on a second-lien basis in a significant number of cases
 have little or no collateral value to cover the loan if it defaults.
 Accordingly, a default on such a loan today will result in a much higher loss
 severity than would have resulted previously. 

 •

 The
 incidence of parties claiming that loans that we sold to them did not meet
 contractual standards has risen. That trend may persist as parties seek to
 mitigate losses they experienced while holding those loans by any means
 possible. 

 •

 The
 incidence of counterparty loss on hedges, swaps, and other such instruments
 may rise as those counterparties experience financial stress or failure. 

 Other trends
 adverse to us may emerge from these legacy assets and positions as
 counterparties are stressed by economic conditions, and of course some of
 these impacts apply to continuing businesses. Over time those losses and
 risks related to legacy items should diminish since those exited businesses
 will not generate new loans and new contracts, but it is not possible to
 predict when that may occur. 

           Our
 other lending businesses remain in place, and we are constantly seeking ways
 to prudently expand them. We have experienced a significant increase in
 default and loss rates in most of those products as well, and demand for new
 loans diminished as business activity in general became more subdued. We
 adjusted our underwriting, credit review, and loss mitigation processes and
 we will continue to seek ways to manage risk and minimize loss. However, we
 remain in the business of lending and that business carries more risk at
 present than it has in recent years past. That higher level of risk could
 increase further, and in any case that risk is likely to continue at an
 elevated level at least until the economy improves significantly in our
 lending markets. 

           We
 regularly review and adjust the allowance for loan losses for adequacy
 considering economic conditions and trends, collateral values and credit quality
 indicators, including past charge-off experience and levels of past due loans
 and nonperforming assets as well as changes in housing price appreciation and
 depreciation. Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and
 requires judgment by management about the effects of matters that are
 inherently uncertain. That process was made

34

 significantly more difficult
 during the recession as rapid changes in business and economic conditions
 required us to adjust and re-adjust our methods. 

 Decrease in Business Activities

          The
slowdown reduced business activity, including activity which we finance by
making loans and activity from which we earn fee revenues. Some activities fell
substantially or ended completely, notably (for us) certain capital markets
structured finance activities and certain fee-generating deposit account
activities. All of these impacts reduce our revenues and our opportunities for
new business. 

 Net Interest Margin Compression 

          Relatively
low interest rates in the U.S. could stimulate new demand for consumer and
business loans and business activity in general. Low rates could cause the
recession to end more quickly and more vigorously than otherwise would be the
case. However, in recent quarters falling rates compressed our net interest
margin, which negatively affected our financial results, and could do so again.

 Deposit Run-off Risks

          As
mentioned under “Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks” beginning
on page 24 above, we rely significantly upon deposits for liquidity and to fund
our business operations. Generally, deposits are a relatively stable and
cost-effective source of funding for banks due to many factors, including FDIC
deposit insurance. Changes in deposit levels can be influenced substantially
by many factors, including customer satisfaction and the interest rates offered
to deposit customers. Those rates, in turn, generally reflect prevailing market
conditions. 

          During
2008, the media occasionally highlighted the risk of an extreme form of deposit
run-off, sometimes referred to as a ‘run on the bank.’ More moderate
levels of run-off can adversely affect banks but are substantially less dramatic
and have been significantly less reported. The increased level of public concern
created by the recession, punctuated by media reports of potential or actual
bank failures, increased the risk of some level of deposit run-off for all
depositary institutions. We experienced a degree of run-off in the summer and
autumn of 2008 which was not dramatic but could have started a negative trend.
Late in 2008 FDIC insurance coverage levels were increased on a temporary
basis; run-off activity abated somewhat, and in fact our deposits grew during
most of 2009. However, the run-off risk is likely to continue to be elevated
until it is clear to the public that a significant economic recovery is
underway. Moreover, some degree of deposit run off could occur if FDIC coverage
amounts revert to pre-2008 levels. To manage run-off risk we maintain cash reserves
and access to other liquidity sources to accommodate normal and, to a degree,
unusual withdrawal activity, and we strive to respond promptly and accurately
to customer concerns that might arise.