This
Item outlines specific risks that could affect the ability of our various
businesses to compete, change our risk profile, or materially impact our
financial results and condition. Our operating environment continues to evolve
and new risks continue to emerge. To address that challenge we have a risk
management governance structure that oversees processes for monitoring evolving
risks and oversees various initiatives designed to manage and control our
potential exposure. 

18

          The
following discussion highlights risks which could impact us in material ways by
causing our future results to differ materially from our past results, by
causing future results to differ materially from current expectations, or by
causing material changes in our financial condition. In this Item we have
outlined risks that we believe are important to us at the present time.
However, other risks may prove to be important in the future, and new risks may
emerge at any time. We cannot predict with certainty all potential developments
which could materially affect our financial performance or condition. 

TABLE OF ITEM 1A TOPICS

 TOPIC

 PAGE

 TOPIC

 PAGE

 Forward-Looking
 Statements

 19

 Regulatory,
 Legislative, and Legal Risks

 28

 Competition
 Risks

 20

 Risks
 of Expense Control

 32

 Risk
 From Economic Downturns and Changes

 20

 Geographic
 Risks

 33

 Risks
 Associated with Monetary Events

 21

 Non-U.S.
 Operations Risks

 33

 Growth
 and Disposition Risks

 21

 Insurance

 33

 Risks
 Related to Exited Businesses

 23

 Financing,
 Funding, and Liquidity Risks

 34

 Legacy
 Mortgage Business Risks

 23

 Interest
 Rate and Yield Curve Risks

 36

 Reputation
 Risks

 26

 Securities
 Inventories and Market Risks

 36

 Credit
 Risks

 26

 Hedge
 Risks

 37

 Operational
 Risks

 27

 Accounting
 Risks

 37

 Service
 Risks

 28

 Risks
 of Holding our Common Stock

 38

Forward-Looking Statements 

          This
report, including materials incorporated into it, may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 with respect to our beliefs, plans, goals, expectations, and estimates.
Forward-looking statements are statements that are not a representation of
historical information but rather are related to future operations, strategies,
financial results or other developments. The words “believe,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “should,” “is likely,” “will,” “going
forward,” and other expressions that indicate future events and trends identify
forward-looking statements. 

          Forward-looking statements are necessarily based
upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, operational, economic and competitive
uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, and many of which, with respect to future business
decisions and actions (including acquisitions and divestitures), are subject to change. Examples of uncertainties and
contingencies include, among other important factors: global, general, and local economic and business conditions, including
economic recession or depression; the level and length of deterioration in the residential housing and commercial real estate
markets; potential requirements for First Horizon to repurchase previously sold or securitized mortgages or securities based
on such mortgages; potential claims relating to the foreclosure process; expectations of and actual timing and amount of
interest rate movements, including the slope of the yield curve, which can have a significant impact on a financial services
institution; market and monetary fluctuations, including fluctuations in mortgage markets; inflation or deflation; customer,
investor, regulatory, and legislative responses to any or all of these conditions; the financial condition of borrowers and
other counterparties; competition within and outside the financial services industry; geopolitical developments including
possible terrorist activity; natural disasters; effectiveness and cost-efficiency of our hedging practices; technological
changes; fraud, theft, or other incursions through conventional, electronic, or other means; demand for our product offerings; new
products and services in the industries in which we operate; and critical accounting estimates. Other factors are those
inherent in originating, selling, servicing, and holding loans and loan-based assets including prepayment risks, pricing
concessions, fluctuation in U.S. housing and other real estate prices, fluctuation of collateral values, and changes in
customer profiles. Additionally, the actions of the Securities

19

and Exchange
Commission (SEC), the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System (Federal Reserve), Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(FINRA), Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau (Bureau), the Financial Stability Oversight Council
(Council), and other regulators; regulatory, administrative, and judicial
proceedings and changes in laws and regulations applicable to us; and our
success in executing our business plans and strategies and managing the risks
involved in the foregoing, could cause actual results to differ, perhaps
materially, from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. 

          We
assume no obligation to update or revise, whether as a result of new
information, future events, or otherwise, any forward-looking statements that
are made in this report or in any other statement, release, report, or filing
from time to time. Actual results could differ and expectations could change,
possibly materially, because of one or more factors, including those factors
listed above or presented below, in other sections of this report, or in
material incorporated by reference into this report. Readers of this report
should carefully consider the factors discussed in this Item below, among
others, in evaluating forward-looking statements and assessing our prospects. 

Competition Risks 

          We
compete with other financial services companies for customers. Our primary
areas of competition include: retail and commercial deposits and bank loans,
wealth management, personal or consumer loans including home mortgages and
lines of credit, capital markets products and services, and other consumer and
business financial products and services. Our competitors in these areas
include national, state, and non-US banks, savings and loan associations,
credit unions, consumer finance companies, trust companies, investment
counseling firms, money market and other mutual funds, insurance companies and
agencies, securities firms, mortgage banking companies, hedge funds, and other
financial services companies that serve the markets which we serve. Some
competitors are banks, subject to the same regulatory regime as we are, while
others are not banks and in many cases experience a significantly different or
reduced degree of regulation. We expect that competition will continue to grow
more intense with respect to most of our products and services. Heightened
competition tends to put downward pressure on revenues from affected items,
upward pressure on marketing and other promotional costs, or both. For
additional information regarding competition for customers, refer to the
“Competition” heading of Part I, Item 1 beginning on page 16 of this report. 

          We
compete for financial capital. See “Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks”
beginning on page 34 of this report for additional information concerning those
risks. 

          We
also compete to acquire and retain the human capital we need to thrive. The
primary tools we use to attract and retain talent are: salaries; commission,
incentive, and retention compensation programs; retirement benefits; change in
control severance benefits; health and other welfare benefits; and our
corporate culture. To the extent we are unable to use these tools effectively,
we face the risk that, over time, our best talent will leave us and we will be
unable to replace those persons effectively. 

Risk From Economic Downturns and Changes 

          Delinquencies
and credit losses generally increase during economic downturns due to an
increase in liquidity problems for customers and downward pressure on
collateral values. Likewise, demand for loans (at a given level of
creditworthiness), deposit and other products, and financial services may
decline during an economic downturn, and may be adversely affected by other
national, regional, or local economic factors that impact demand for loans and
other financial products and services. Such factors include, for example,
changes in interest rates, real estate prices, or expectations concerning rates
or prices. Accordingly, an 

20

economic
downturn or other adverse economic change (local, regional, national, or
global) can hurt our financial performance in the form of higher loan losses,
lower loan production levels, lower deposit levels, and lower fees from
transactions and services. 

          Since
2007, our operating results have been adversely affected by such a weakness in
the economy, especially in real estate markets and commercial lending. In 2011
we continued to experience overall credit quality improvement, but with
volatility from quarter to quarter in some portfolios and (by historical norms)
loss reserves that continued to be elevated. Although we expect those overall
and specific trends to continue into 2012, that expectation depends upon a
continued mild economic recovery, among other things, which may not occur. If
the strength of the U.S. economy in general and the strength of the local
economies in which we conduct operations in particular decline, that could result
in, among other things, a deterioration in credit quality with corresponding
adverse effects on our loan portfolio and loan loss provision. 

Risks Associated with Domestic and Foreign
Monetary Events 

          In
recent years the U.S. Federal Reserve has implemented a series of domestic
monetary initiatives in response to economic conditions. Several of these have
emphasized so-called quantitative easing strategies and were known by names
such as QE1, QE2, and Operation Twist. More recently the Federal Reserve
provided dollars to the European central bank through currency swap
arrangements. Other significant monetary strategies, including a QE3, could be
implemented in the future. Such strategies can, and often are intended to,
domestically affect the money supply, inflation and interest rates, and the
shape of the yield curve. Risks associated with interest rates and the yield
curve are discussed in this Item under the caption “Interest Rate and Yield
Curve Risks” beginning on page 36 of this report. Such strategies also can
affect the U.S. and world-wide financial systems in ways that may be difficult
to predict. 

          During
2011 and continuing into 2012 the economic and political situation in Europe
has become uncertain due in part to monetary and financial stresses. Although
we have little direct exposure to Euro-denominated assets or to European debt,
in the future major adverse events in Europe could have a substantial indirect
adverse impact upon us. Key potential events which could have such an impact
include (i) sovereign debt default (default by one or more European governments
in their borrowings), (ii) European bank and/or corporate debt default, (iii)
market and other liquidity disruptions, and, if stresses become especially
severe, (iv) the collapse of the European Union as a coherent economic group
and/or the collapse of its currency, the Euro. Such events could impact us
because the U.S. financial system is linked in many ways to the European
financial system, particularly through the larger U.S. institutions and the
Federal Reserve. Also, European and American markets are substantially linked
so that, for example, a liquidity freeze-up in Europe could quickly impact
liquidity for us in U.S. markets. The methods by which such events could
adversely affect us are highly varied, but broadly include the following: an
increase in our cost of borrowed funds or, in a worst case, the unavailability
of borrowed funds through conventional markets; impacts upon our hedging and
other counterparties, especially those which have European business
relationships or hold Euro assets; impacts upon our customers, especially those
which have European business relationships or hold Euro assets; impacts upon
the U.S. economy, especially in the areas of employment rates, real estate
values, interest rates, and inflation/deflation rates; and impacts upon us from
our regulatory environment, which can change substantially and unpredictably
from possible political response to major financial disruptions.

Growth and Disposition Risks 

          Every
organization faces risks associated with growth. Our growth from 2003 to 2007
resulted primarily from a combination of: our expansion strategy in banking
based on our mortgage operations; acquisition of customers from competitors
that have merged with each other; and targeted non-bank business acquisitions.
In 2007 and 2008 we modified our strategy in response to substantial and rapid
changes in 

21

business
conditions. As a result, in 2008 we sold our national mortgage platforms,
closed our national specialty lending operations, and renewed our emphasis on
financial services in our traditional Tennessee-based markets. Since 2008, and
continuing in 2011, we have continued to sell or close units which have not
performed or which do not complement our strategy.

          Although
our current strategy is expected to evolve as business conditions continue to
change, at present our strategy’s primary components are to invest capital
and other resources in our retail/commercial banking business and in our capital
markets business. In any case growth is expected to be coordinated with a focus
on stronger and more stable returns on capital. Our growth in the past has been
primarily organic rather than through substantial acquisitions, and in recent
years we have expanded organically into contiguous markets with characteristics similar to
our traditional ones. In the future, we may also rely on acquisitions if
appropriate opportunities, within or outside of our current markets, present
themselves. We believe that the successful execution of our strategy
depends upon a number of key elements, including:

 •

 our ability
 to attract and retain banking customers in our regional banking market areas;

 •

 in our
 capital markets business, our ability to maintain or strengthen our existing
 customer relationships while at the same time identifying and successfully
 executing upon opportunities to provide new or existing products and services
 to new or existing customers in the US and overseas; 

 •

 our ability
 to develop and retain profitable customer relationships while expanding or
 enhancing our existing information processing, technology, and other
 operational infrastructures effectively and efficiently; 

 •

 our ability
 to manage the liquidity and capital requirements associated with organic
 growth; and

 •

 our ability
 to manage any operational, cultural, liquidity, or capital risks associated
 with growth through purchases.

We have in
place strategies designed to achieve those elements that are significant to us
at present. Our challenge is to execute those strategies and adjust them, or
adopt new strategies, as conditions change.

          To
the extent we engage in bank or non-bank business acquisitions, we face various
risks associated with that practice, including:

 •

 our ability
 to identify, analyze, and correctly assess the execution, contingency, and
 other risks in the acquisition and to price the transaction appropriately; 

 •

 our ability
 to integrate the acquired company into our operations quickly and cost-effectively;

 •

 our ability
 to integrate the franchise value of the acquired company with our own; and,

 •

 our ability
 to retain core customers and key employees of the acquired company.

          At
times a company must consider exiting businesses or units that no longer fit
into management’s plans for the future. We have made several exit moves in
recent years and could make others again as we continue to adapt to a changing
business and regulatory environment. Key risks associated with exiting a
business include:

 •

 our ability
 to price a sale transaction appropriately and otherwise negotiate acceptable
 terms;

 •

 our ability
 to identify and implement key customer, technology systems, and other
 transition actions to avoid or minimize negative effects on retained businesses;

 •

 our ability
 to assess and manage any loss of synergies that the exited business had with
 our retained businesses; and

 •

 our ability
 to manage capital, liquidity, and other challenges that may arise in the
 event of an exit that results in significant cash expenditures or a financial
 loss.

22

Risks Related to Exited Businesses

          In
2008 we sold or closed our national mortgage and national specialty lending
businesses. However, we retain as assets many of the loans that those businesses
created. Most of those loans are secured by residential or other real estate
situated across the U.S. We also retain a substantial portion of the mortgage
servicing rights that we previously serviced, we continue to maintain hedge
positions that we obtain to manage certain risks related to those retained
servicing rights, and we retain the risk of liability to parties with whom we
made contracts in the course of operating those businesses. These legacy assets
and positions continue to impose risks on us. Key risks include:

 •

 We have
 experienced elevated losses related to claims that we did not comply with
 contractual or other legal requirements when we sold or securitized mortgage
 loans. Losses at elevated levels may continue for some time to come.
 Additional information concerning this risk appears in “Legacy Mortgage
 Business Risks” beginning on page 23 of this report.

 •

 We could be
 subject to claims that foreclosures and other servicing-related actions taken
 by us, or on our behalf, were done improperly. Additional information
 concerning this risk appears in “Legacy Mortgage Business Risks” beginning on
 page 23 of this report.

 •

 The retail
 and commercial loans on our books from our former national specialty lending
 business have experienced significantly higher default and loss rates
 compared to pre-recession years. For example, due to declining home values,
 home loans secured on a second-lien basis in a significant number of cases
 have little or no collateral value to cover the loan if it defaults.
 Accordingly, a default on such a loan today will result in a much higher loss
 severity than would have resulted shortly after the loan was originated. 

 •

 The
 incidence of counterparty loss on hedges, swaps, and other such instruments
 associated with mortgage servicing rights may rise as those counterparties
 experience financial stress or failure.

Other trends
adverse to us may emerge from these legacy assets and positions as
counterparties are stressed by economic conditions, both domestic and global,
and of course some of these impacts apply to continuing businesses. Over time
those losses and risks related to legacy items should diminish since those exited
businesses will not generate new loans and new contracts, but it is not
possible to predict when that may occur. 

Legacy Mortgage Business Risks

          Repurchase
and Similar Exposures

          Like many
other financial institutions that originated and sold significant amounts of
mortgage loans, we have experienced elevated exposure to repurchase obligations
from entities which purchased mortgages and mortgage-backed securities from us.
Prior to August 2008, we originated loans through our legacy mortgage business,
primarily first lien home loans, with the intention of selling them. A
substantial majority of such loans were sold to government-sponsored
enterprises (“GSEs”) and other purchasers without recourse as to credit
defaults by the borrowers. Two primary types of these non-recourse sales
occurred: so-called whole loan sales to GSEs and others; and sales through
securitizations. Whole loan sales were primarily to GSEs but also to other
purchasers; in those cases we contracted with the buyers directly. The
securities issued in the securitizations were backed by the loans sold and were
sold to many types of investors including GSEs and federal home loan banks; in
those cases we have contractual relationships with the trustees holding the
loans, and we provided investors with information at the time of sale in the
form of offering documents. In some cases the whole loans sold by us were
securitized by the purchaser; we contracted with our purchaser but have no
relationship with the securitization trustee or the investors. In 

23

some cases the loans or securities were insured, as mentioned below,
and in those cases we contracted with the insurers. As described below, we
retain risk of loss in connection with each of those past relationships, and
that risk varies greatly with the type of relationship.

          From 2005
through 2008, we originated and sold $69.5 billion original principal
amount of first lien mortgage loans to GSEs in whole-loan sales. Although
additional GSE whole-loan sales occurred in earlier years, a substantial
majority of GSE repurchase requests (discussed below) have come from the 2005-8
period. In addition, from 2000 through 2007, we securitized $47.0 billion
original principal amount of first lien mortgage loans. During that period we
also securitized $2.5 billion original principal amount of HELOC and
second-lien loans without recourse in proprietary transactions (“HELOC
securitizations”). 

          Whole-loan
purchasers have increased their efforts to seek to require loan sellers to
repurchase those loans or to reimburse purchasers for losses related to those
loans when losses are incurred due to actual or alleged failure to strictly
conform to the purchase contract representations or warranties. A substantial
majority of our whole loan sales were to GSEs. The representations and
warranties generally are broader for whole loans sold to the GSEs than they are
for the loans sold in proprietary securitizations. GSE representations and
warranties claims typically include claims that loans had missing or
insufficient file documentation or that loans were obtained through fraud by
borrowers or other third parties such as appraisers. As a result, we face
pressure from GSE and other whole-loan purchasers to repurchase those loans or
to make the purchaser whole, and we face expenses to administer and defend
against such claims. 

          For loans
sold in proprietary securitizations we have exposure for investment rescission
or damages arising from legal claims that the offering documents under which
the loans were securitized were materially deficient. At year-end 2011 we were
a defendant in a total of four such lawsuits, but others might be brought in
the future. There is also potential repurchase exposure and rescission risk
associated with the proprietary securitizations under the contracts with
trustees through which the securitizations were created. The repurchase process
is more difficult for securitization investors than it is for GSEs in whole
loan sales, and at year-end no such requests had been received with respect to
first-lien mortgage securitizations. At December 31, 2011, based on applicable
accounting guidance associated with litigation, we had no reserve for potential
losses associated with private first-lien mortgage securitizations.

          The HELOC
securitizations are credit enhanced, or “wrapped,” by a monoline insurance
company. Contractual representations and warranties were made to the monoline
insurers, and we have received repurchase requests from a monoline insurer
based on those contractual provisions. A monoline insurer for some of these
securitizations has become insolvent, and we are unable to estimate what, if
any, loss exposure that insolvency may create for us. Because of interests we
retained, the loans held in our HELOC securitizations generally are recognized
on our balance sheet as restricted assets. Loss content for those loans is
evaluated and recognized on our financial statements quarterly within the
Allowance for Loan Losses. As a result, if we were to repurchase securitized
HELOC loans the event likely would have little immediate impact on our income
statement. At December 31, 2011, based on the information available and
applicable accounting guidance, we had no reserve for potential losses associated
with private HELOC securitizations other than the reserve within the Allowance
for Loan Losses. 

          A
significant portion of the loans we sold to GSEs, and some of the loans in
proprietary securitizations, were required to have private mortgage insurance
(“MI”). We have received MI cancellation notices from the insurers which wrote
these policies based on claims of fraud or misrepresentations relating to the
insured loans. To date a majority of MI cancellations have involved loans sold
to GSEs. Although unresolved MI cancellation notices are not formal repurchase
requests, we include these in the active repurchase request pipeline when
analyzing and estimating loss content in relation to the loans sold to GSEs.
One MI insurer involved with loans we sold reportedly has become insolvent. We
do not expect its failure to 

24

create new exposure for us, but it will increase the amount of our loss
associated with any related repurchases.

          Our reserve
for repurchase losses is assessed quarterly. Although not all loans repurchased
are in arrears or default, as a practical matter many have been. As a result,
loss recognition for repurchased loans as a group has been much higher than for
consumer loans typically held in our portfolio. Also, although we re-evaluate
our reserves for repurchase losses each quarter, evaluations of that sort
necessarily are estimates and there remains a risk that the reserves will not
be adequate. 

          Our ability
to predict repurchase losses is adversely affected by both the absence of
significant historical precedent for repurchase requests of this scope and our
lack of visibility into current loan information for the majority of the loans
that we sold to GSEs. As a result of the sale of our national
mortgage banking business in the third quarter of 2008 and later sales of
mortgage servicing rights, we no longer
service the majority of the loans that we sold to GSEs and therefore no longer
have visibility into current loan information. Those facts increase the risk that our reserves
may not reflect our actual ultimate loss.

          While the
vast majority of claims made to date relate to whole-loan sales to GSEs, claims
have been made with respect to other purchasers and investors. The number of
repurchase requests, MI cancellation notices, or lawsuits may increase
materially over time. An increase in the volume of such claims beyond what we
are currently experiencing, or an increase in the loss rate we experience upon
resolution of these claims, could adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations. Also, starting in 2012 we will be required to
periodically report on repurchase demands and related activities. 

          Additional
information concerning risks related to our former mortgage businesses and our
management of them, all of which is incorporated into this Item 1A by this
reference, is set forth under the captions “Repurchase Obligations, Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, and Other
Contractual Obligations” beginning on page 54, “Repurchase and
Foreclosure Liability” beginning on page 60, and “Repurchase and Foreclosure Liability” beginning on page 69 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section of our 2011
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report.

          Mortgage
Foreclosure Risks

          State and federal officials
and regulators have announced and commenced inquiries and investigations into the procedures followed by mortgage servicing companies
and banks in completing affidavits relating to foreclosures and into the authority of the servicer to foreclose if assignments
of legal interests in the mortgage loans have not been properly recorded. The attorneys general of all 50 states concluded a joint
investigation of foreclosure practices across the industry and proposed significant changes in servicing practices related to foreclosures
and substantial penalties. On February 9, 2012, the Justice Department announced that the federal government and attorneys general
of 49 states (the state of Oklahoma reached a separate agreement) had reached a $25 billion settlement agreement with five of the
largest servicers to address mortgage loan servicing and foreclosure abuses. We are not a party to this settlement and our subservicer
has advised us that it has not been involved in recent discussions. Press reports indicate that other subservicers may be approached
to participate in the settlement. Further, President Obama has recently established a mortgage fraud task force to investigate
mortgage related issues with its primary focus on mortgage-backed securities and press reports indicate that civil investigative
demands have been issued to a number of servicers. Additional state or federal inquiries or investigations may be commenced. We
cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these inquiries and investigations or the impact that they could have on our financial condition,
results of operations, or business.

          The
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) has issued supervisory
guidance regarding consumer foreclosure practices applicable to national banks,
including our Bank. The guidance draws upon 

25

industry regulators’ recent experience with
14 large mortgage servicing companies. The guidance requires our Bank to
conduct a self-assessment of its past and present foreclosure practices and
submit a report to the OCC regarding its outcome. The guidance also requires
our Bank to monitor its first-lien mortgage servicer and servicing vendors, to
follow certain governance practices, and to take corrective action regarding
any deficiencies or weaknesses uncovered in the assessment. Corrective action
includes remediation for customers who have experienced financial harm as a
result of such deficiencies. The ultimate financial impact to our Bank of this
assessment and remediation process is unknown.

          We
are aware that some local and state government agencies have begun to assert
claims against mortgage owners, trustees, and servicers related generally to
maintenance of foreclosed and other properties, including in some cases