. In late 2006 the FDIC adopted new regulations that change the risk category and DIF premium structures beginning in 2007. The new rates are based on four new Risk Categories that in turn are based on asset size as well as capital,
supervisory, credit, and other risk factors. Somewhat different factors are used for institutions in different situations. The new rates range from 5 to 7 cents per $100 of deposits for institutions in Risk Category I, up to 43 cents for
institutions in Risk Category IV. As part of the 2005 Reform Act, Congress provided credits to certain institutions that paid high premiums in the past to bolster the FDIC’s insurance reserves; as a result, an institution may have credits
reduce or eliminate DIF premiums in 2007. 

          The Deposit Insurance Funds Act of 1996 (“DIFA”) provides for assessments to be imposed on insured depository institutions with respect to deposits insured by the DIF to pay for the cost of Financing Corporation
(“FICO”) bonds. All banks are assessed to pay the interest due on FICO bonds. The FICO assessment cost to the Corporation on an annual basis is immaterial. 

          Under the FDIA, insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has
violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by a federal bank regulatory agency. 

          Depositor Preference

          Federal law provides that deposits and certain claims for administrative expenses and employee compensation against an insured depository institution would be afforded a priority over other general unsecured claims against
such an institution, including federal funds and letters of credit, in the “liquidation or other resolution” of such an institution by any receiver. 

          Securities Regulation

          Certain of the Corporation’s subsidiaries are subject to various securities laws and regulations and capital adequacy requirements promulgated by the regulatory and exchange
authorities of the jurisdictions in which they operate. 

10

          The Corporation’s registered broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the SEC’s net capital rule, Rule 15c3-1. That rule requires the maintenance of minimum net capital and limits the ability of the
broker-dealer to transfer large amounts of capital to a parent company or affiliate. Compliance with the rule could limit operations that require intensive use of capital, such as underwriting and trading. 

          Certain of the Corporation’s subsidiaries and a division of the Bank are registered investment advisers who are regulated under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Advisory contracts with clients automatically
terminate under these laws upon an assignment of the contract by the investment adviser unless appropriate consents are obtained. 

          In early 2007, the SEC and Federal Reserve Board proposed regulations that would expand significantly the SEC’s ability to regulate securities businesses conducted by banks and their subsidiaries. Regulation by the SEC could affect how the Corporation conducts those businesses in the future. Those regulations were proposed in
response to a Congressional mandate in the Financial Services Regulatory Relief Act of 2006.

          Insurance Activities

          Subsidiaries of the Corporation sell various types of insurance as agent in a number of the states. Insurance activities are subject to regulation by the states in which such
business is transacted. Although most of such regulation focuses on insurance companies and their insurance products, insurance agents and their activities are also subject to regulation by the states, including, among other things, licensing and
marketing and sales practices. 

Competition.

          The Corporation and its subsidiaries face substantial competition in all aspects of the businesses in which they engage from national and state banks located in Tennessee and large out-of-state and non-U.S. banks as well
as from savings and loan associations, credit unions, other financial institutions, consumer finance companies, trust companies, investment counseling firms, money market and other mutual funds, insurance companies and agencies, securities firms,
mortgage banking companies, and others. For certain information on the competitive position of the Corporation and the Bank, refer to the “General” subsection above of this Item 1. Also, refer to the subsections entitled “Supervision
and Regulation” and “Effect of Governmental Policies,” both of which are relevant to an analysis of the Corporation’s competitors. Due to the intense competition in the financial services industry, the Corporation makes no
representation that its competitive position has remained constant, nor can it predict whether its position will change in the future. 

Sources and Availability of Funds.

          Specific reference is made to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis and Glossary sections, including the subsection entitled “Liquidity Management,” contained in pages
 3 through 52 (including pages 25 through 28) of the Corporation’s 2006 Annual Report to shareholders, which
sections are incorporated herein by reference. 

Effect of Governmental Policies.

          The Bank is affected by the policies of regulatory authorities, including the Federal Reserve System and the Comptroller. An important function of the Federal Reserve System is to regulate the national money supply.

11

          Among the instruments of monetary policy used by the Federal Reserve are: purchases and sales of U.S. Government securities in the marketplace; changes in the discount rate, which is the rate any depository institution
must pay to borrow from the Federal Reserve; and changes in the reserve requirements of depository institutions. These instruments are effective in influencing economic and monetary growth, interest rate levels and inflation. 

          The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve System and other governmental policies have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the
future. Because of changing conditions in the national and international economy and in the money market, as well as the result of actions by monetary and fiscal authorities, it is not possible to predict with certainty future changes in interest
rates, deposit levels, loan demand or the business and earnings of the Corporation and the Bank or whether the changing economic conditions will have a positive or negative effect on operations and earnings. 

          Various bills are from the time to time introduced in the United States Congress and the Tennessee General Assembly and other state legislatures, and regulations are proposed by the regulatory agencies which could affect
the business of the Corporation and its subsidiaries. It cannot be predicted whether or in what form any of these proposals will be adopted or the extent to which the business of the Corporation and its subsidiaries may be affected
thereby.

Statistical Information Required by Guide 3.

          The statistical information required to be displayed under Item I pursuant to Guide 3, “Statistical Disclosure by Bank Holding Companies,” of the Exchange Act Industry Guides is incorporated herein by reference
to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto and the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition and Glossary sections set forth at pages 3 through 52 of the Corporation’s 2006 Annual Report to shareholders. Certain information not contained in the 2006 Annual Report to shareholders, but required by Guide 3, is contained in the
tables immediately following: 

12

FIRST HORIZON NATIONAL CORPORATION

ADDITIONAL GUIDE 3 STATISTICAL INFORMATION

ON DECEMBER 31

(Unaudited)

 Investment Portfolio

 (Dollars
 in thousands)

2006

2005  

2004  

 Government agency issued  

      mortgage-backed
 securities &  

      collateralized mortgage 
obligations  

 $

 3,340,864

 $ 

 2,525,865  

 $ 

 2,391,162  

 U.S. Treasuries  

 50,363

 41,113  

 41,244  

 Other U.S. government agencies*  

 245,140

 133,918  

 40,959  

 States and municipalities  

 1,769

 2,525  

 8,268  

 Other  

 252,284

 209,065  

 199,364  

                     Total  

 $

 3,890,420

 $ 

 2,912,486  

 $ 

 2,680,997  

 * Includes securities
 issued by government sponsored entities which are not backed by
 the full faith and credit of the U.S. government.  

 Loan Portfolio

 (Dollars
 in thousands)

      2006

2005  

2004  

 2003  

 2002  

 Commercial:  

      Commercial, financial and 
industrial  

 $

 7,201,009

 $ 

 6,578,117  

 $ 

 5,560,736  

 $ 

 4,502,917  

 $ 

 4,134,158  

      Real estate
 commercial  

 1,136,590

 1,213,052  

 960,178  

 968,064  

 1,037,341  

      Real estate
 construction  

 2,753,458

 2,108,121  

 1,208,703  

 690,402  

 551,449  

 Retail:  

      Real estate
 residential  

 7,973,313

 8,368,219  

 7,259,019  

 6,847,924  

 4,745,675  

      Real estate
 construction  

 2,085,133

 1,925,060  

 1,035,562  

 527,260  

 342,127  

      Other
 retail  

 161,178

 168,413  

 168,806  

 212,362  

 286,069  

      Credit
 card receivables  

 203,307

 251,016  

 248,972  

 272,398  

 272,994  

      Real estate loans pledged 
against
 other  

         collaterized
 borrowings  

 590,917

 -  

 -  

 -  

 -  

                          Total  

 $

 22,104,905

 $ 

 20,611,998  

 $ 

 16,441,976  

 $ 

 14,021,327  

 $ 

 11,369,813  

 Certain previously
 reported amounts have been reclassified to agree with current presentation.  

 Short-Term Borrowings

 (Dollars
 in thousands)

      2006

2005  

2004  

 Federal funds purchased and 
securities
 sold under  

      agreements
 to repurchase  

 $

 4,961,799

 $ 

 3,735,742  

 $ 

 3,247,048  

 Commercial paper  

 5,619

 10,695  

 23,712  

 Trading liabilities  

 789,957

 793,638  

 426,343  

 Other short-term borrowings  

 1,252,894

 791,322  

 116,064  

                           Total  

 $

 7,010,269

 $ 

 5,331,397  

 $ 

 3,813,167  

 Maturities of
 Certificates of Deposit $100,000 and more on 

December
 31, 2006

 0-3  

 3-6  

 6-12  

      Over
 12  

 (Dollars
 in thousands)

 Months  

 Months  

  Months  

      Months  

 Total  

 Certificates of deposit  

      $100,000
 and more  

 $ 

 4,974,798  

$

 198,446  

 $ 

 161,715  

 $ 

 1,182,670  

 $ 

 6,517,629  

13

Contractual Maturities of Commercial & Real Estate Construction Loans on December 31, 2006

 After 1 Year  

 (Dollars
 in thousands)

 Within
 1 Year  

 Within
 5 Years  

 After
 5 Years  

 Total  

 Commercial, financial and
 industrial  

 $ 

 4,152,418  

 $ 

 2,422,492  

 $ 

 626,099  

 $ 

 7,201,009  

 Real estate commercial  

 415,970  

 568,088  

 152,532  

 1,136,590  

 Commercial real estate construction  

 2,075,577  

 677,881  

 -  

 2,753,458  

 Retail
 real estate construction  

 2,070,235  

 14,898  

 -  

 2,085,133  

 Total  

 $ 

 8,714,200  

 $ 

 3,683,359  

 $ 

 778,631  

 $ 

 13,176,190  

 For maturities over one year:  

    Interest rates
 - floating  

 $ 

 2,272,507  

 $ 

 368,021  

 $ 

 2,640,528  

    Interest
 rates - fixed  

 1,410,852  

 410,610  

 1,821,462  

 Total  

 $ 

 3,683,359  

 $ 

 778,631  

 $ 

 4,461,990  



          This item outlines specific risks that could affect the ability of our various businesses to compete, change our risk profile, or eventually impact our financial results. The risks we face generally are similar to those
experienced, to varying degrees, by all financial services companies. 

          Our strategies and management’s ability to react to changing competitive and economic environments have enabled us historically to compete effectively and manage risks to acceptable levels. However, our operating
environment continues to evolve and new risks continue to emerge. To address that challenge we have established an enterprise-wide risk management committee that oversees processes for monitoring evolving risks and oversees various initiatives
designed to manage and control our potential exposure. 

          We have outlined potential risk factors below that we presently believe could be important to us; however, other risks may prove to be important in the future. New risks may emerge at any time and we cannot predict with
certainty all potential developments which could affect our financial performance. The following discussion highlights potential risks which could intensify over time or shift dynamically in a way that might change our risk profile. In addition to
the factors discussed elsewhere in this report (including the material incorporated into this report), among the factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from our past results and from expectations are those discussed in this
item. 

Forward-Looking Statements

          This report, including materials incorporated into it, may contain forward-looking statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, goals, expectations, and estimates. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not a
representation of historical information but rather are related to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. The words “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “should,” “is likely,” “will,” “going
forward,” and other expressions that indicate future events and trends identify forward-looking statements.

          Forward-looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, operational, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are
beyond any company's control, and many of which, with respect to 

14

future business decisions and actions (including acquisitions and divestitures), are subject to change. Examples of uncertainties and contingencies include, among other important factors: general and local economic and
business conditions; expectations of and actual timing and amount of interest rate movements, including the slope of the yield curve, which can have a significant impact on a financial services institution; market and monetary fluctuations;
inflation or deflation; investor responses to these conditions; the financial condition of borrowers and other counterparties; competition within and outside the financial services industry; geopolitical developments including possible terrorist
activity; natural disasters; effectiveness of our hedging practices; technology; demand for our product offerings; new products and services in the industries in which we operate; and critical accounting estimates.

          Other factors are those inherent in originating and servicing loans including prepayment risks, pricing concessions, fluctuation in U.S. housing prices, fluctuation of collateral values, and changes in customer profiles.
Additionally, the actions of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. and its affiliates, and other regulators; regulatory, administrative, and judicial proceedings and changes in laws and regulations applicable to us; and our success in executing our business plans and
strategies and managing the risks involved in the foregoing, could cause actual results to differ. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements that are made in this report or in any other statement, release, report, or filing
from time to time. Actual results could differ because of one or more factors, including those presented below, in other sections of this report, or in material incorporated by reference into this report. Readers of this report should carefully
consider the factors discussed in this Item below, among others, in evaluating forward-looking statements and assessing our prospects. 

Competition Risks

          Like all financial services companies, we compete for customers. Our primary areas of competition include: retail and commercial deposits and bank loans, wealth management, home mortgage loans and lines of credit, mortgage
servicing, capital markets products and services, and other consumer and business financial products and services. Our competitors in these areas include national, state, and non-US banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, consumer
finance companies, trust companies, investment counseling firms, money market and other mutual funds, insurance companies and agencies, securities firms, mortgage banking companies, and other financial services companies that serve the markets which
we serve. We expect that competition will continue to grow more intense with respect to most of our products and services. For additional information regarding competition for customers,
 refer to the
“Competition” heading of Part I, Item 1 beginning on page
 11
 of this report.

          While we face competition for customers, we also compete for financial capital (see “Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks” beginning on page
 18

of this report) and to acquire and retain the human capital we need to thrive. Labor markets change over time; the segments of that market most useful to us may contract with demographic shifts relating to age, birth rates, education levels,
geography, local or regional economic conditions, and other factors. Some of the keys to our ability to manage our competitive challenges are: 

Our leading position in many of our markets and business lines

Our historical growth and retention of consumer and business customers

Historically strong employee value and loyalty ratings and national workplace recognition
 resulting in attraction and retention of high performing employees

          Using those factors and others, we have focused on the delivery of products and services in a manner that maximizes the value our customers obtain from their relationships with us, and we have developed 

15

strategies that have enabled us to gain market share in our targeted markets over time. We also have developed strategies to attract customers and talent that are displaced when competitors merge.

Growth Risks

          Every organization faces risks associated with growth. Our growth in recent years has resulted primarily from a combination of: our national expansion strategy in banking; acquisition of customers from competitors that
have merged with each other; and targeted non-bank business acquisitions. 

          Our national expansion strategy is primarily organic. Our strategy is to expand our banking business in selected national markets by building on our mortgage customer relationships in those markets. Our strategy is unusual
in the financial services industry; many banks elect to become national in scope by acquiring large local and regional banks in targeted geographic areas. We believe our national expansion strategy should reduce some of the costs and risks
associated with the acquisition model. The successful execution of our strategy depends upon a number of key elements, including: 

our ability to successfully penetrate new markets at a reasonable cost and within a reasonable
 time frame;

our ability to cross-sell our home mortgage customers into bank products and services;

our ability to attract and retain commercial and other non-mortgage customers;

our ability to develop profitable customer relationships while expanding our existing
 information processing, technology, and other operational infrastructures effectively and
 efficiently; and

our ability to manage the liquidity and capital requirements associated with such growth.

We have in place a number of strategies designed to achieve each of those elements. Our challenge is to execute those strategies and adjust them as conditions change. 

          To the extent we engage in bank or non-bank business acquisitions, we face various risks associated with that practice, including: 

our ability to identify, analyze, and correctly assess the contingent risks in the acquisition and
 to price the transaction appropriately;

our ability to integrate the acquired company into our operations quickly and cost-effectively;

our ability to integrate the name recognition and goodwill of the acquired company with our
 own; and,

our ability to retain customers and key employees of the acquired company.

          To grow effectively, sometimes a company must consider disposing of businesses or units that no longer fit into management’s plans for the future. Key risks associated with dispositions include: 

our ability to price the transaction appropriately and otherwise negotiate appropriate terms;

our ability to identify and implement key customer and other transition actions to avoid or
 minimize negative effects on retained businesses; and

our ability to assess and manage any loss of synergies that the disposed business had with our
 retained businesses.

Credit Risks

          Like all other lenders, we face the risk that our customers may not repay their loans and that the realizable value of collateral may be insufficient to avoid a loss. In our business some level of credit loss

16

is unavoidable and overall levels of credit loss can vary over time. In 2006, for example, indicators of credit strength for us began the year at unusually strong levels but moderated throughout the year, roughly
paralleling a similar trend in the financial services industry. Our ability to manage credit risks depends primarily upon our ability to assess the creditworthiness of customers and the value of collateral, including real estate. We control credit
risk by diversifying our loan portfolio and managing its granularity, and by recording and managing an allowance for expected loan losses based on the factors mentioned above and in accordance with applicable accounting rules. We also record loan
charge-offs in accordance with accounting and regulatory guidelines and rules. These guidelines and rules could change and cause charge-offs to increase for reasons related or unrelated to the underlying performance of our portfolio; such changes by
the OCC and other banking agencies have been common in recent years. This risk is shared with all financial institutions. The models and approaches we use to originate and manage loans are regularly updated to take into account changes in the
competitive environment, in real estate prices and other collateral values, and in the economy, among other things, based on our experience originating loans and servicing loan portfolios. Additional information concerning credit risks and our

 management of them is set forth under the captions “Credit Risk Management” beginning on page
 29,
 “Foreclosure Reserves” beginning
on page
 43,
 and “Allowance for Loan Losses” beginning on page
 44,
 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
 7
 of Part II of this report. 

Risk From Economic Downturns and Changes

          Delinquencies and credit losses generally increase during economic downturns due to an increase in liquidity problems for customers and downward pressure on collateral values. Likewise, demand for loans (at a given level
of creditworthiness), deposit products, fixed income products, and financial services may decline during an economic downturn, and may be adversely affected by other national, regional, or local economic factors that impact demand for loans and
other financial products and services such as (for example) changes in interest rates, real estate prices, or expectations concerning rates or prices. Accordingly, an economic downturn or other adverse economic change (local, regional, or national)
can hurt our financial performance in the form of higher loan losses, lower loan production levels, lower deposit levels, and lower fees from transactions and services. These risks are faced by all financial services companies and we have in place
processes and tools that we believe allow us to monitor and manage those risks. 

Hedge Risks

          In the normal course of our businesses, including (among others) banking, mortgage, and capital markets, we attempt to create partial or full economic hedges of various financial risks. We do that primarily by using
derivative instruments or by engaging in business activities that are countercyclical to the risks at issue. Our hedging activities are discussed in more detail in various places under the following captions of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report: “Risk Management,” beginning on page 23; and, “Critical Accounting Policies,” beginning
on page 38. Hedging creates certain risks for us, including the risk that the other party to the hedge transaction will fail to perform (counterparty risk, which is a type of credit
risk), and the risk that the hedge will not fully protect us from loss as intended (hedge failure risk). Although we actively manage those risks, unexpected counterparty failure or hedge failure could have a significant adverse effect on our
liquidity and earnings. 

17

Reputation Risks

          Our ability to conduct and grow our businesses, and to obtain and retain customers, is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our business practices and our financial stability. Our reputation is, therefore, a key
asset for us. Our reputation is affected principally by our own practices and how those practices are perceived and understood by others. Adverse perceptions regarding the practices of our competitors, or our industry as a whole, also may adversely
impact our reputation. In addition, adverse perceptions relating to parties with whom we have important relationships may adversely impact our reputation. 

          Damage to our reputation could hinder our ability to access the capital markets, could hamper our ability to attract new customers and retain existing ones, could create or aggravate regulatory difficulties, and could
undermine our ability to attract and retain talented employees, among other things. Adverse impacts on our reputation, or the reputation of our industry, may also result in greater regulatory and/or legislative scrutiny, which may lead to laws or
regulations that change or constrain our business or operations. Events that result in damage to our reputation also may increase our litigation risk. 

          As with all other risks, we actively devote significant resources to safeguard our reputation. Senior management oversees processes for reputation risk monitoring, assessment, and management. 

Operational Risks

          Our ability to grow is dependent in part upon our ability to create and maintain an appropriate operational and organizational infrastructure, manage expenses as we expand, and recruit and retain personnel with the ability
to manage an increasingly complex business. Operational risk can arise in many ways, including: errors related to failed or inadequate processes; faulty or disabled computer systems; fraud, theft, physical security breaches, electronic data and
related security breaches, or other criminal conduct by employees or third parties; and exposure to other external events. 

          In addition, we outsource some of our operational functions to third parties. Those third parties may experience similar errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control and,
in some cases, limited ability to quickly obtain an alternate vendor. To the extent we increase our reliance on third party vendors to perform or assist operational functions, the challenge of managing the associated risks becomes more difficult.

          Failure to build and maintain the necessary operational infrastructure, or failure of our disaster preparedness plans if primary infrastructure components suffer damage, can lead to risk of loss of service to customers,
legal actions, or noncompliance with applicable laws or regulatory standards. Operational risk is specifically managed through internal monitoring, measurement, and assessment by line management and oversight of processes by top management;
regulatory guidance for mitigating operational risk is followed. Additional information concerning operational risks and our management of
 them appears under the caption “Operational Risk Management”
beginning on page
 29
 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part
of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
 7
 of Part II of this report. 

Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks

          Management of liquidity and related risks is a key function for our business. Additional information concerning liquidity risk management is set forth under the caption “Liquidity Management” beginning on page

 25
 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and 

18

Financial Condition section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material
 from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
 7
 of Part II of this report. 

          Our funding requirements currently are met principally by deposits, financing from other financial institutions, and financing using the capital markets. In general, the costs of our funding directly impact our costs of
doing business and, therefore, can positively or negatively affect our financial results.

          A number of factors could make such funding more difficult, more expensive, or unavailable on affordable terms, including, but not limited to, our financial results, organizational changes, adverse impacts on our
reputation, changes in the activities of our business partners, disruptions in the capital markets, specific events that adversely impact the financial services industry, counterparty availability, changes affecting our loan portfolio or other
assets, changes affecting our corporate and regulatory structure, interest rate fluctuations, ratings agency actions, general economic conditions, and the legal, regulatory, accounting, and tax environments governing our funding transactions. In
addition, our ability to raise funds is strongly affected by the general state of the U.S. and world economies and financial markets, and may become increasingly difficult due to economic and other factors.

          We depend significantly on our ability to sell or securitize first and second mortgage loans and home equity line of credit loans (which we refer to as HELOC). Those actions involve the sale of whole loans or of beneficial
interests in loans. Although the market for loans is substantial, if it experiences difficulties we may be unable to sell or securitize our mortgage or HELOC loans at favorable pricing levels, or at all. If we were unable to continue to sell or
securitize our loans at current levels, we would seek alternative funding sources to fund loan originations and meet our other liquidity needs. If we were unable to find cost-effective and stable alternatives, that failure could negatively impact
our liquidity and could potentially increase our cost of funds and lower our loan growth.

          When we sell or securitize mortgage and HELOC loans, we sometimes do so with limited or full recourse, which means, in effect, that we will take some or significant financial responsibility for the loan if it defaults.
Additional information concerning these risks is set forth under the caption “Foreclosure Reserves” beginning on page
 43
 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. In many instances, we sell
or securitize loans with no recourse. However, if a loan sold with no recourse defaults, we could still bear responsibility to the buyer in many cases if the loan defaults shortly after the sale, typically in the first 90 days, or if the loan did
not conform to representations we made to the buyer at the time of sale. We manage the early default risk through our credit review processes, and we manage the risk of non-conformity through origination and documentation controls and procedures,
and through post-closing quality control processes. 

          Rating agencies assign credit ratings to issuers and their debt. In that role, agencies directly affect the availability and cost of our funding. The Corporation and the Bank currently receive ratings from several rating
entities for unsecured borrowings. A rating below investment grade typically reduces availability and increases the cost of market-based funding. A debt rating of Baa3 or higher by Moody’s Investors Service, or BBB- or higher by Standard &
Poor’s and Fitch Ratings, is considered investment grade for many purposes. Currently, all three rating agencies rate the unsecured senior debt of the Corporation and the Bank as investment grade; however, during 2006 all three agencies changed
their view of our outlook from ‘stable’ to ‘negative’ even though their ratings did not change. Because we depend on institutional borrowing and the capital markets for funding and capital, we could experience reduced liquidity
and increased cost of funding if our debt ratings were lowered, particularly if lowered below investment grade. Please note that a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold 

19

securities, is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time, and should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 

          Regulatory laws or rules that establish minimum capital levels, regulate deposit insurance, and govern related funding matters for banks could be changed in a manner that could increase our overall cost of capital and thus
reduce our earnings. 

Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks

          A significant portion of our business involves borrowing and lending money. Accordingly, changes in interest rates directly impact our revenues and expenses, and potentially could compress our net interest margin. We
actively manage our balance sheet to control the risks of a reduction in net interest margin brought about by ordinary fluctuations in rates. Additional information concerning those risks and our management of them appears under the caption
“Interest Rate Risk Management” beginning
 on page
 23
 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. 

          Our mortgage lending and servicing businesses also are affected by changes in interest rates. Generally, when rates increase, demand for mortgage loans and HELOC decrease (and our revenues from new originations fall), and
when rates decrease, demand increases (and our origination revenues increase). In a contrary fashion, when interest rates increase, the value of mortgage servicing rights (MSR) that we retain generally increases, and when rates decline the value of
MSR declines. Within our mortgage businesses, therefore, there is a partial natural hedge against ordinary interest rate changes. Additional information concerning those risks and our management of them appears under the caption “Mortgage
Servicing Rights and Other Related Retained Interests” beginning on page 39 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. 

          Our mortgage lending business is affected by changes in interest rates in another manner. During the period of loan origination (when loans are in the “pipeline”) and prior to the loan’s sale in the
secondary market (when loans are in the “warehouse”), we are exposed to the risk of interest rate changes for those pipeline loans as to which we have agreed to lock in the customer’s mortgage rate and for all warehouse loans that
bear a fixed rate. We manage that rate-change risk through hedging activities and other methods. Additional information concerning those risks and our management of them appears under the caption “Pipeline and Warehouse” beginning on page

 42
 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material
from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. 

          Like all financial services companies, we face the risks of abnormalities in the yield curve. The yield curve simply shows the interest rates applicable to short and long term debt. The curve is steep when short-term rates
are much lower than long-term rates; it is flat when short-term rates are equal, or nearly equal, to long-term rates; and it is inverted when short-term rates exceed long-term rates. Historically, the yield curve normally is relatively steep.
However, during much of 2006 the yield curve was inverted and the degree of inversion generally worsened as the year progressed. A flat or inverted yield curve tends to decrease net interest margin, as the warehouse yields narrow relative to their
short-term funding sources, and it tends to reduce demand for long-term debt securities, adversely impacting the revenues of our capital markets business. 

20

          Lastly, expectations by the market regarding the direction of future interest rate movements, particularly long-term rates, can impact the demand for long-term debt which in turn can impact the revenues of our capital
markets business. That risk is most apparent during times when strong expectations have not yet been reflected in market rates, or when expectations are especially weak or uncertain. 

Securities Inventories and Market Risks

          Our capital markets business buys and sells various types of securities for its customers. In the course of that business we hold inventory positions and are exposed to certain risks of market fluctuations. In addition, we
are exposed to credit risk and interest rate risk associated with debt securities. We manage the risks of holding inventories of securities through certain policies and procedures, including hedging activities related to certain interest rate risks.
Additional information concerning those risks and our management of them appears under the caption “Market Risk
 Management” beginning on page
 29
 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference
into Item 7 of Part II of this report, and in the “Credit Risks” discussion beginning on page
 16
 of this report. 

          In addition, we earn fees and other income related to our brokerage business and our management of assets for customers. Declines, disruptions, or precipitous changes in market prices can adversely affect those revenue
sources. 

Venture Capital Risks

          Our venture capital business is inherently volatile. The companies we invest in tend to be much less mature, smaller, and much more unproven than a typical public company. Accordingly, those investments carry a substantial
risk of loss. Venture capital investments also are inherently illiquid. Success in this business can only be assessed in the long term and depends to a very large extent upon the ability of management to find sound investment prospects, negotiate
financially appropriate investment terms, and oversee each investment as the company uses the venture capital and develops. In the short term, venture capital losses are not uncommon even if the business proves to be successful in the long term.

Regulatory and Legal Risks

          We operate in a heavily regulated industry and therefore are subject to many banking, deposit, insurance, insurance brokerage, securities brokerage and underwriting, and consumer lending regulations in addition to the
rules applicable to all companies publicly traded in the U.S. securities markets and, in particular, on the New York Stock Exchange. Failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in financial, structural, and operational penalties. In
addition, efforts to comply with applicable regulations may increase our costs and/or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities. See “Supervision and Regulation” in Item 1 of this report, beginning on page
 3
 above, for additional information concerning financial industry regulations. Federal and state regulations significantly limit the types of activities in which we, as a financial institution,
may engage. In addition, we are subject to a wide array of other regulations that govern other aspects of how we conduct our business, such as in the areas of employment and intellectual property. Federal and state legislative and regulatory
authorities occasionally consider changing these regulations or adopting new ones. Such actions could limit the amount of interest or fees we can charge, could restrict our ability to collect loans or realize on collateral, or could materially
affect us in other ways. Additional federal and state consumer protection regulations also could expand the privacy protections afforded to customers of financial institutions, restricting our 

21

ability to share or receive customer information and increasing our costs. In addition, changes in accounting rules can significantly affect how we record and report assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and earnings.

          Some state authorities have challenged the position of the OCC that it is the exclusive regulator of various aspects of national banks or their operating subsidiaries. If one or more of those challenges are successful
or if Congress were to change the applicable banking laws, we could be impacted significantly, due, among other things, to possible increased regulatory burdens, governmental and private party actions alleging non-compliance with state law, and the expense of tracking and complying with the
different laws and regulations of nearly all 50 states. 

          We also face litigation risks from customers (singly or in class actions) and from federal or state regulators. Litigation is an unavoidable part of doing business, and we manage those risks through internal controls,
personnel training, insurance, litigation management, our compliance and ethics processes, and other means. However, the commencement, outcome, and magnitude of litigation cannot be predicted or controlled with certainty. 

Accounting Estimate Risks

          The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Two of our
most critical estimates are the level of the allowance for credit losses and the valuation of mortgage servicing rights. However, other estimates occasionally become highly significant, especially in volatile situations such as litigation and other
loss contingency matters. Estimates are made at specific points in time; as actual events unfold, estimates are adjusted accordingly. Due to the inherent nature of these estimates, it is possible that, at some time in the future, we may
significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance, or we may recognize a significant provision for impairment of our mortgage servicing rights, or we may
make some other adjustment that will differ materially from the estimates that we make today. For additional information concerning the sensitivity of these estimates, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” beginning on page 38 of the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders. 

Risks of Expense Control

          Expenses and other costs directly affect our earnings. Our ability to successfully manage expenses is important to our long-term survival. Many factors can influence the amount of our expenses, as well as how quickly they
grow. As our businesses change or expand, additional expenses can arise from asset purchases, structural reorganization, evolving business strategies, and changing regulations, among other things. We manage expense growth and risk through a variety
of means, including selectively outsourcing or multi-sourcing various functions and procurement coordination and processes.

Geographic Risks

          Our mortgage and capital markets businesses are national in scope. Our national expansion strategy is making our banking business national as well, with full-service branches in several states and many banking products
being sold through mortgage offices across the U.S. At present, however, a disproportionate fraction of our traditional banking business remains grounded in, and depends upon, the major Tennessee markets. As a result, to a greater degree than many
of our competitors that operate nationally or in much broader regions, our banking business currently is exposed to adverse economic, 

22

regulatory, natural disaster, and other risks that might primarily impact Tennessee and the mid-South region of the U.S.