This
Item outlines specific risks that could affect the ability of our various
businesses to compete, change our risk profile, or materially impact our
financial results and condition. Our operating environment continues to evolve
and new risks continue to emerge. To address that challenge we have a risk
management governance structure that oversees processes for monitoring evolving
risks and oversees various initiatives designed to manage and control our
potential exposure. 

18

          The
following discussion highlights risks which could impact us in material ways by
causing our future results to differ materially from our past results, by
causing future results to differ materially from current expectations, or by
causing material changes in our financial condition. In this Item we have
outlined risks that we believe are important to us at the present time.
However, other risks may prove to be important in the future, and new risks may
emerge at any time. We cannot predict with certainty all potential developments
which could materially affect our financial performance or condition. 

TABLE OF ITEM 1A TOPICS

 TOPIC

 PAGE

 Forward-Looking
 Statements

 19

 Competition
 Risks

 20

 Risk
 From Economic Downturns and Changes

 20

 Growth
 and Disposition Risks

 21

 Risks
 Related to Exited Businesses

 22

 Reputation
 Risks

 23

 Credit
 Risks

 23

 Mortgage
 Repurchase and Related Risks

 24

 Operational
 Risks

 25

 Service
 Risks

 26

 Regulatory,
 Legislative, and Legal Risks

 26

 TOPIC

 PAGE

 Risks
 of Expense Control

 30

 Geographic
 Risks

 30

 Non-U.S.
 Operations Risks

 30

 Insurance

 31

 Financing,
 Funding, and Liquidity Risks

 31

 Interest
 Rate and Yield Curve Risks

 33

 Securities
 Inventories and Market Risks

 34

 Venture
 Capital Assets

 34

 Hedge
 Risks

 34

 Accounting
 Risks

 35

 Risks
 of Holding our Common Stock

 35

Forward-Looking Statements 

          This
report, including materials incorporated into it, may contain forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act
of 1995 with respect to our beliefs, plans, goals, expectations, and estimates.
Forward-looking statements are statements that are not a representation of
historical information but rather are related to future operations, strategies,
financial results or other developments. The words “believe,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “should,” “is likely,” “will,” “going
forward,” and other expressions that indicate future events and trends identify
forward-looking statements. 

          Forward-looking
statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are
inherently subject to significant business, operational, economic and
competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our
control, and many of which, with respect to future business decisions and
actions (including acquisitions and divestitures), are subject to change.
Examples of uncertainties and contingencies include, among other important
factors: general and local economic and business conditions, including economic
recession or depression; the level and length of deterioration in the
residential housing and commercial real estate markets; potential requirements
for First Horizon to repurchase previously sold or securitized mortgages;
potential claims relating to the foreclosure process; expectations of and
actual timing and amount of interest rate movements, including the slope of the
yield curve, which can have a significant impact on a financial services
institution; market and monetary fluctuations, including fluctuations in
mortgage markets; inflation or deflation; customer, investor, regulatory, and
legislative responses to any or all of these conditions; the financial
condition of borrowers and other counterparties; competition within and outside
the financial services industry; geopolitical developments including possible terrorist
activity; natural disasters; effectiveness and cost-efficiency of our hedging
practices; technology; demand for our product offerings; new products and
services in the industries in which we operate; and critical accounting
estimates. Other factors are those inherent in originating, selling, servicing,
and holding loans and loan-based assets including prepayment risks, pricing
concessions, fluctuation in U.S. housing and other real estate prices,
fluctuation of collateral values, and changes in customer profiles.
Additionally, the actions of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency (OCC), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(Federal 

19

Reserve), Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority (FINRA), Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the
Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (Bureau), the Financial Stability
Oversight Council (Council), and other regulators; regulatory, administrative,
and judicial proceedings and changes in laws and regulations applicable to us;
and our success in executing our business plans and strategies and managing the
risks involved in the foregoing, could cause actual results to differ, perhaps
materially, from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. 

          We
assume no obligation to update or revise, whether as a result of new
information, future events, or otherwise, any forward-looking statements that
are made in this report or in any other statement, release, report, or filing
from time to time. Actual results could differ and expectations could change,
possibly materially, because of one or more factors, including those factors
listed above or presented below, in other sections of this report, or in
material incorporated by reference into this report. Readers of this report
should carefully consider the factors discussed in this Item below, among
others, in evaluating forward-looking statements and assessing our prospects. 

Competition Risks 

          We
compete with other financial services companies for customers. Our primary
areas of competition include: retail and commercial deposits and bank loans,
wealth management, personal or consumer loans including home mortgages and
lines of credit, capital markets products and services, and other consumer and
business financial products and services. Our competitors in these areas
include national, state, and non-US banks, savings and loan associations,
credit unions, consumer finance companies, trust companies, investment
counseling firms, money market and other mutual funds, insurance companies and
agencies, securities firms, mortgage banking companies, hedge funds, and other
financial services companies that serve the markets which we serve. Some
competitors are banks, subject to the same regulatory regime as we are, while
others are not banks and in many cases experience a significantly different or
reduced degree of regulation. We expect that competition will continue to grow
more intense with respect to most of our products and services. Heightened
competition tends to put downward pressure on revenues from affected items,
upward pressure on marketing and other promotional costs, or both. For
additional information regarding competition for customers, refer to the
“Competition” heading of Part I, Item 1 beginning on page 16 of this report. 

          We
compete for financial capital. See “Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks”
beginning on page 31 of this report for additional information concerning those
risks. 

          We
also compete to acquire and retain the human capital we need to thrive. The
primary tools we use to attract and retain talent are: salaries; commission,
incentive, and retention compensation programs; retirement benefits; change in
control severance benefits; health and other welfare benefits; and our
corporate culture. To the extent we are unable to use these tools effectively,
we face the risk that, over time, our best talent will leave us and we will be
unable to replace those persons effectively. 

Risk From Economic Downturns and Changes 

          Delinquencies
and credit losses generally increase during economic downturns due to an
increase in liquidity problems for customers and downward pressure on collateral
values. Likewise, demand for loans (at a given level of creditworthiness),
deposit and other products, and financial services may decline during an
economic downturn, and may be adversely affected by other national, regional,
or local economic factors that impact demand for loans and other financial
products and services. Such factors include, for example, changes in interest
rates, real estate prices, or expectations concerning rates or prices.
Accordingly, an economic downturn or other adverse economic change (local,
regional, national, or global) can hurt our 

20

financial performance in the
form of higher loan losses, lower loan production levels, lower deposit levels,
and lower fees from transactions and services. 

          Since
2007, our operating results have been adversely affected by such a weakness in
the economy, especially in real estate markets and commercial lending. In 2010
we experienced overall credit quality improvement, but with volatility from
quarter to quarter in some portfolios. For example, at the end of 2010 our
income commercial real estate portfolio remains stressed and we continue to
expect industry conditions for income commercial real estate to remain
stressed. Although we expect those overall and specific trends to continue into
2011, that expectation depends upon a continued mild economic recovery, among
other things, which may not occur. If the strength of the U.S. economy in
general and the strength of the local economies in which we conduct operations
in particular decline, that could result in, among other things, a further
deterioration in credit quality, including a resultant adverse effect on our
loan portfolio and allowance for loan losses. 

Growth and Disposition Risks 

          Every
organization faces risks associated with growth. Our growth from 2003 to 2007
resulted primarily from a combination of: our expansion strategy in banking
based on our mortgage operations; acquisition of customers from competitors
that have merged with each other; and targeted non-bank business acquisitions.
In 2007 and 2008 we modified our strategy in response to substantial and rapid
changes in business conditions. As a result, in 2008 we sold our national
mortgage platforms, closed our national specialty lending operations, and renewed
our emphasis on financial services in our traditional Tennessee-based markets. 

          Although
our strategy is expected to evolve as business conditions continue to change,
at present our strategy’s primary components are to invest capital and other resources
in our current Tennessee-based retail/commercial banking market footprints, and
in our capital markets business. Growth is expected to be
coordinated with a focus on stronger and more stable returns on capital. Our
growth in the past has been primarily organic rather than through substantial
acquisitions; in the future, that pattern may shift if appropriate
opportunities, within or outside of our current markets, present themselves. We
believe that the successful execution of our strategy depends upon a number of
key elements, including: 

 ●

 our ability to attract and
 retain banking customers in our Tennessee-based regional banking market
 areas;

 ●

 in our capital markets
 business, our ability to maintain or strengthen our existing customer
 relationships while at the same time identifying and successfully executing upon
 opportunities to provide new or existing products and services to new or existing customers in the US
 and overseas;

 ●

 our ability to develop and
 retain profitable customer relationships while expanding or enhancing our
 existing information processing, technology, and other operational
 infrastructures effectively and efficiently;

 ●

 our ability to manage the
 liquidity and capital requirements associated with organic growth; and

 ●

 our ability to manage any operational, cultural, liquidity or capital risks associated with growth through purchases. 

We have in place strategies
designed to achieve those elements that are significant to us at present. Our
challenge is to execute those strategies and adjust them, or adopt new
strategies, as conditions change. 

          To
the extent we engage in bank or non-bank business acquisitions, we face various
risks associated with that practice, including: 

21

 ●

 our ability to identify, analyze, and correctly assess the execution, contingency, and other risks in the acquisition and to
 price the transaction appropriately;

 ●

 our ability to integrate
 the acquired company into our operations quickly and cost-effectively;

 ●

 our ability to integrate the franchise value of the acquired company with our own; and,

 ●

 our ability to retain
 customers and key employees of the acquired company. 

          At
times a company must consider exiting businesses or units that no longer fit
into management’s plans for the future. We have made several exit moves in
recent years and could do so again as we continue to adapt to a changing
business and regulatory environment. Key risks associated with exiting a
business include: 

 ●

 our ability to price a
 sale transaction appropriately and otherwise negotiate acceptable terms;

 ●

 our ability to identify
 and implement key customer, technology systems, and other transition actions
 to avoid or minimize negative effects on retained businesses;

 ●

 our ability to assess and
 manage any loss of synergies that the exited business had with our retained
 businesses; and

 ●

 our ability to manage
 capital, liquidity, and other challenges that may arise in the event of an
 exit that results in significant cash expenditures or a financial loss.

Risks Related to Exited Businesses 

          In
2008 we sold or closed our national mortgage and national specialty lending
businesses. However, we retain as assets many of the loans that those businesses
created. Most of those loans are secured by residential or other real estate
situated across the U.S. We also retain a substantial portion of the mortgage
servicing rights that we previously serviced, we continue to maintain hedge
positions that we obtain to manage certain risks related to those retained
servicing rights, and we retain the risk of liability to parties with whom we
made contracts in the course of operating those businesses. These legacy assets
and positions continue to impose risks on us. Key risks include: 

 ●

 The retail and commercial
 loans on our books from our former national specialty lending business have
 experienced significantly higher default and loss rates compared to
 pre-recession years. For example, due to declining home values, home loans
 secured on a second-lien basis in a significant number of cases have little
 or no collateral value to cover the loan if it defaults. Accordingly, a
 default on such a loan today will result in a much higher loss severity than
 would have resulted shortly after the loan was originated. 

 ●

 The incidence of parties
 claiming that mortgage loans that we sold to them did not meet contractual
 standards rose substantially in 2010, and we are defending a few claims
 brought in 2010 that our disclosures concerning securitized loans were
 deficient. Those trends may continue in 2011. Additional information
 concerning this risk appears in “Mortgage Repurchase and Related Risks”
 beginning on page 24 of this report. 

 ●

 The incidence of
 counterparty loss on hedges, swaps, and other such instruments associated
 with mortgage servicing rights may rise as those counterparties experience
 financial stress or failure. 

 ●

 In 2008 we contracted with
 the purchaser of our national mortgage business to subservice the mortgage
 loans as to which we retained servicing rights and obligations. In 2011 that
 contract will expire and we will have to obtain a new subservicer. We expect that our subservicing costs are likely to increase substantially under the terms of any
new agreement relative to the terms of our 2008 agreement.

22

Other trends adverse to us
may emerge from these legacy assets and positions as counterparties are
stressed by economic conditions, and of course some of these impacts apply to
continuing businesses. Over time those losses and risks related to legacy items
should diminish since those exited businesses will not generate new loans and
new contracts, but it is not possible to predict when that may occur. 

Reputation Risks 

          Our
ability to conduct and grow our businesses, and to obtain and retain customers,
is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our business practices and our
financial stability. Our reputation is, therefore, a key asset for us. Our
reputation is affected principally by our own practices and how those practices
are perceived and understood by others. Adverse perceptions regarding the
practices of our competitors, or our industry as a whole, also may adversely
impact our reputation. In addition, negative perceptions relating to parties
with whom we have important relationships may adversely impact our reputation.
Senior management oversees processes for reputation risk monitoring,
assessment, and management. 

          Damage
to our reputation could hinder our ability to access the capital markets or
otherwise impact our liquidity, could hamper our ability to attract new
customers and retain existing ones, could impact the market value of our stock,
could create or aggravate regulatory difficulties, and could undermine our
ability to attract and retain talented employees, among other things. Adverse
impacts on our reputation, or the reputation of our industry, may also result
in greater regulatory and/or legislative scrutiny, which may lead to laws or
regulations that change or constrain our business or operations. Events that result
in damage to our reputation also may increase our litigation risk. 

Credit Risks 

          We
face the risk that our customers may not repay their loans and that the
realizable value of collateral may be insufficient to avoid a loss. We also
face risks that other counterparties, in a wide range of situations, may fail
to honor their obligations to pay us. In our business some level of credit loss
is unavoidable and overall levels of credit loss can vary over time. Since 2007
our credit losses, especially related to lending, increased to historically
high levels. Although in recent quarters our credit losses have abated, in 2010
credit losses and reserves remained significantly elevated. 

          Our
ability to manage credit risks depends primarily upon our ability to assess the
creditworthiness of loan customers and other counterparties and the value of
any collateral, including real estate. We manage lending credit risk by
attempting to diversify our loan portfolio, by managing its granularity, and by
recording and managing an allowance for expected loan losses based on the
factors mentioned above and in accordance with applicable accounting rules. We
also record loan charge-offs in accordance with accounting and regulatory
guidelines and rules. These guidelines and rules could change and cause
charge-offs to increase for reasons related or unrelated to the underlying
performance of our portfolio. Moreover, the SEC could take accounting positions
applicable to our holding company that may be inconsistent with those taken by
the OCC or other regulators for the Bank. We manage other counterparty credit
risk in a variety of ways, some of which are discussed in other parts of this
Item 1A and all of which have as a primary goal the avoidance having too much
risk concentrated with any one counterparty. 

          A
significant challenge for us is to keep the credit and other models and
approaches we use to originate and manage loans updated to take into account
changes in the competitive environment, in real estate prices and other
collateral values, and in the economy, among other things, based on our
experience originating loans and servicing loan portfolios. In recent years we
have changed our models and approaches based on changes in circumstances, and we
will continue to do so as conditions change. At times those changes have had
significant impacts upon our reported financial results and condition. In
addition, we use 

23

those models and approaches
to manage our loan portfolios and lending businesses. To the extent our models
and approaches are not consistent with underlying real-world conditions, our
management decisions could be adversely affected with substantial adverse
consequences to us. Additional information concerning credit risks and our management
of them is set forth under the captions “Credit Risk Management” beginning on
page 55 and “Allowance for Loan Losses” beginning on page 77 of the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2010 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of
the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
7 of Part II of this report. 

Mortgage Repurchase and Related Risks 

          Like
many other financial institutions that originated and sold significant amounts
of mortgage loans, we have experienced elevated exposure to repurchase
obligations from investors. Prior to August 2008, we originated loans through
our legacy mortgage business, primarily first lien home loans, with the
intention of selling them. A substantial majority of such loans were sold
without recourse as to credit defaults by the borrowers. From 2005 through
2008, we originated and sold $69.5 billion original principal amount of first
lien mortgage loans to government-sponsored enterprises (“GSEs”) in so-called
whole-loan sales. Although additional GSE whole-loan sales occurred in earlier
years, a substantial majority of GSE repurchase requests (discussed below) have
come from that period. In addition, from 2000 through 2007, we securitized
$40.8 billion original principal amount of first lien mortgage loans and $2.5
billion original principal amount of HELOC loans without recourse in
proprietary transactions. 

          Whole-loan
purchasers have increased their efforts to seek to require loan sellers to
repurchase those loans or to reimburse purchasers for losses related to those
loans when losses are incurred due to actual or alleged failure to strictly
conform to the purchase contract representations or warranties. A substantial
majority of our whole loan sales were to GSEs. The representations and
warranties generally are broader for whole loans sold to the GSEs than they are
for the loans sold in proprietary securitizations. GSE representations and
warranties claims typically include claims that loans that had missing or
insufficient file documentation or that loans were obtained through fraud by
borrowers or other third parties such as appraisers. As a result, we face
increasing pressure from GSE and other whole-loan purchasers to repurchase
those loans or to make the purchaser whole, and we face increasing expenses to
administer and in some cases to defend against such claims. Although we have
been increasing our reserves for repurchase losses significantly over prior
quarters a risk remains that these reserves will not be adequate. 

          For
loans sold in proprietary securitizations we have exposure for investment
rescission or damages arising from legal claims that the offering documents
under which the loans were securitized were materially deficient. In 2010 we
became one of many defendants in three such lawsuits, and we have had
information subpoenaed in another matter which is not litigation against us at
present. There is also potential repurchase exposure and rescission risk
associated with the proprietary securitizations under the contracts through
which the securitizations were created. The repurchase process is more
difficult for securitization investors than it is for GSEs in whole loan sales,
and at year-end no such requests had been received. Additionally, the HELOC
securitizations are enhanced, or “wrapped,” by a monoline insurance company
that has certain contractual rights to pursue repurchase. Also, the monoline
insurer for three such securitizations has become insolvent. At December 31,
2010, based on applicable accounting guidance associated with pending
litigation and in light of the absence of any conventional repurchase requests,
we had no reserve for potential losses associated with private securitizations.

          A
significant portion of the loans we sold to GSEs, and some of the loans in
proprietary securitizations, were required to have private mortgage insurance
(“PMI”). We have experienced a significant increase in the number of rescission
notices we have received from the insurers which wrote these policies, based on
claims of fraud or misrepresentations relating to the insured loans. To date a
majority of 

24

PMI
cancellations have involved loans sold to GSEs. Although unresolved PMI
cancellation notices are not formal repurchase requests, we include these in
the active repurchase request pipeline when analyzing and estimating loss
content in relation to the loans sold to GSEs. 

          Our
ability to predict repurchase losses is adversely affected by both the absence
of significant historical precedent for repurchase requests of this scope and
our lack of visibility into current loan information for the majority of the
loans that we sold to GSEs. As a result of the sale of our national mortgage
banking business in the third quarter of 2008 and later sales of mortgage
servicing rights, we no longer service the majority of the loans that we sold
to GSEs and therefore no longer have visibility into current loan information.
Those facts increase the risk that our reserves may not reflect our actual
ultimate loss. 

          While
the vast majority of claims made to date relate to whole-loan sales to GSEs, we
could possibly see an increase in claims made with respect to other purchasers
and investors, which may increase over time. As a result, the number of
repurchase requests, PMI cancellation notices, or lawsuits may increase
materially over time. An increase in the volume of such claims beyond what we
are currently experiencing, or an increase in the loss rate we experience upon
resolution of these claims, could adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations. 

          Additional
information concerning these risks and our management of them is set forth
under the captions “Repurchase Obligations, Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements, and Other Contractual Obligations”
beginning on page 61 and “Repurchase and Foreclosure Liability” beginning on page 80 of
the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2010 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of
the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
7 of Part II of this report. 

Operational Risks 

          Our
ability to conduct and grow our businesses is dependent in part upon our
ability to create and maintain an appropriate operational and organizational
infrastructure, manage expenses, and recruit and retain personnel with the
ability to manage a complex business. Operational risk can arise in many ways,
including: errors related to failed or inadequate physical, operational,
information technology, or other processes; faulty or disabled computer or
other technology systems; fraud, theft, physical security breaches, electronic
data and related security breaches, or other criminal conduct by employees or
third parties; and exposure to other external events. Inadequacies may present
themselves in a myriad of ways, and actions taken to manage one risk may be
ineffective against others. For example, information technology systems may be
insufficiently redundant to withstand a fire, incursion, or other major
casualty, and they may be insufficiently adaptable to new business conditions
or opportunities. Efforts to make such systems more robust may also make them
less adaptable, and vice-versa. 

          In
addition, we outsource some of our operational functions to third parties.
Those third parties may experience similar errors or disruptions that could
adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control and, in some
cases, limited ability to quickly obtain an alternate vendor. To the extent we
increase our reliance on third party vendors to perform or assist operational
functions, the challenge of managing the associated risks becomes more
difficult. 

          For
example, in 2008 we sold our national mortgage origination and servicing
platforms. We retained significant servicing right assets, however, and we
continue to originate mortgage products in our regional banking markets in and
around Tennessee. Of practical necessity, we outsourced our servicing functions
to the purchaser of our platforms, and since then we have outsourced many key
roles in the Tennessee-based mortgage origination process to a third party.
Managing the operational, compliance, 

25

reputational,
liability, and other risks associated with this level of outsourcing in those
business areas is an ongoing challenge for us. 

          Failure
to build and maintain the necessary operational infrastructure, or failure of
our disaster preparedness plans if primary infrastructure components suffer
damage, can lead to risk of loss of service to customers, legal actions, and
noncompliance with applicable laws or regulatory standards. Operational risk is
specifically managed through internal monitoring, measurement, and assessment
by line management and oversight of processes by top management, and by
maintaining systems to adhere to regulatory guidance. Additional information
concerning operational risks and our management of them appears under the
caption “Operational Risk Management” beginning on page 54 of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
section of our 2010 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the
material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7
of Part II of this report. 

Service Risks 

          We
engage in a wide range of activities in which we provide services to customers.
These activities create risk of claims against us that the services were
provided in a manner that harmed the customer or a third party, or were
contrary to applicable laws or rules. These activities include fiduciary,
custodial, funds management, and advisory services, among others. We manage
these risks primarily through training programs, compliance programs, and
supervision processes. 

Regulatory, Legislative, and Legal Risks 

          We
operate in a heavily regulated industry. The regulatory environment has been
changing more rapidly in recent years, and the regulatory burdens generally
have been increasing, as a result of recent events affecting traditional
banking, mortgage banking, and financial markets generally. Heightened levels
of regulatory change are likely to continue for at least the next several
years. 

          We
are subject to many banking, deposit, insurance, insurance brokerage,
securities brokerage and underwriting, and consumer lending regulations in
addition to the rules applicable to all companies publicly traded in the U.S.
securities markets and, in particular, on the New York Stock Exchange. Failure
to comply with applicable regulations could result in financial, structural,
and operational penalties. In addition, efforts to comply with applicable
regulations may increase our costs and/or limit our ability to pursue certain
business opportunities. See “Supervision and Regulation” in Item 1 of this
report, beginning on page 5, for additional information concerning financial
industry regulations. Federal and state regulations significantly limit the
types of activities in which we, as a financial institution, may engage. In
addition, we are subject to a wide array of other regulations that govern other
aspects of how we conduct our business, such as in the areas of employment and
intellectual property. Federal and state legislative and regulatory authorities
increasingly consider changing these regulations or adopting new ones. Such
actions could further limit the amount of interest or fees we can charge, could
further restrict our ability to collect loans or realize on collateral, could
affect the terms or profitability of the products and services we offer, or
could materially affect us in other ways. Additional federal and state consumer
protection regulations also could expand the privacy protections afforded to customers
of financial institutions, restricting our ability to share or receive customer
information and increasing our costs. 

          The
following paragraphs highlight certain specific important risk areas related to
legal matters currently. These paragraphs do not describe these risks
exhaustively, and they do not describe all legal risks that we face currently.
Moreover, the importance of specific risks will grow or diminish as
circumstances change. 

26

          Regulatory
and Other Pressures Related to Operating Results 

          The
Bank is required to maintain certain regulatory capital levels and ratios, as
discussed under the caption “Capital Adequacy” beginning on page 8 of this
report. If the Bank’s financial losses from recent years were to resume, or if
the regulatory requirements were to increase, then at some point the Bank’s
ability to meet those requirements could be adversely affected. Those effects
would be made worse if the regulatory requirements become more stringent, as is
expected. 

          Pressure
to maintain appropriate capital levels and address business needs in a weak
economy may lead to actions that could be adverse to our shareholders, at least
in the short term. Such actions that have occurred in the past three years
include the elimination of our common cash dividend (which was reinstated at
one cent per share in January 2011), two sales of our common stock and the
issuance of a common stock warrant at times when market prices were relatively
disadvantageous, and a contraction of our balance sheet (involving sales or
other dispositions of assets or businesses) at times when market values were
depressed. Further such actions could occur. 

          Recent
Legislation: Dodd-Frank Act 

          The
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (“DF Act”)
was enacted on July 21, 2010. The DF Act made a substantial number of
significant changes to how financial services companies are regulated.
Additional information concerning the DF Act is provided in the section
captioned “Dodd-Frank Act” beginning on page 13 of this report, which section
is incorporated by reference into this Item 1A. 

          Many
of the most sweeping changes in the DF Act are not complete or specific but
instead authorize potentially expansive new regulations to be issued in the
future. At this time it is not known how the DF Act and the regulations that
eventually will be adopted under it will affect the financial services industry
in general or our company in particular, and it could be several years before
all the impacts are known. Although it is not possible to summarize in any
detail the effects of this legislation, one likely overall impact upon us will
be to increase our regulatory compliance and certain other costs significantly.
In addition, it is possible that our operations and associated revenues will be
constrained in some respects, perhaps significantly in some areas. Areas
covered by the DF Act which presently appear likely to present the greatest
risks to us are mentioned below:

 ●

 Due to the
 scope of the new regulations authorized, it is likely that our compliance
 costs will rise appreciably over the next several years, and a
 substantial portion of that increase likely will be permanent. 

 ●

 Recently
 proposed regulations under the DF Act’s so-called Durbin Amendment would
 severely cap the interchange fees which banks charge merchants for debit card
 transactions. It has been reported that the proposed cap could reduce banking industry reveues from interchange fees by more than 70% on average. A
reduction of that scale could cost the Bank $30 million in revenues from interchange fees and could disrupt that business, and is
 likely to cause the Bank and others in the industry to revamp debit card
 practices and fee structures. The Bank may not be able to recover all of the
 revenues lost in the revamping process. 

 ●

 There is a
 risk that the burden of many of the increased compliance costs could be
 uneven over the industry in terms of the impact to each institution’s
 efficiency ratio (the ratio of costs to revenues), leaving some institutions
 disadvantaged relative to others. Uneven outcomes could arise because: larger
 institutions may be able to bear some of the new costs more efficiently due
 to economies of scale; some new burdens do not apply to smaller institutions
 at all or are intended to impact community banks much less than regional,
 national, or international banks; and, there is a risk of unintended impacts.
 Uneven impact may be inevitable because in most cases each new 

27

 burden will
 apply only to a narrow range of activities, institutions have differing mixes
 of business activities, and the various burdens will be unequal from one
 activity to the next.

 ●

 A new
 regulatory agency has been created: the Bureau of Consumer Financial
 Protection, or “Bureau.” The Bureau has substantial authority over our
 consumer finance products and services, and therefore is likely to have a
 substantial impact on our retail financial services businesses. Although
 presently unknown, the Bureau’s rules could conflict with, and possibly
 override, our Bank’s primary regulator in consumer matters. Since the
 Bureau’s mission is not focused upon the safety and soundness of our Bank,
 conflicts of that sort could be significantly adverse to us. The Bureau’s
 rule-making authority is extensive, including such things as setting terms
 and conditions on consumer products and services and defining deceptive
 practices. The Bureau’s rules could substantially reduce revenues, increase
 costs and risks, and otherwise make our consumer products and services less
 profitable or unprofitable. 

 ●

 The DF Act’s
 new municipal advisor registration regime could
 adversely affect our capital markets and other activities with municipal customers. 

 ●

 The DF Act
 allows banks to pay interest on certain business checking accounts beginning
 in 2011. If the industry responds by competing for those deposits with
 interest-bearing accounts, this provision would put some degree of downward
 pressure upon our net interest margin when it becomes effective. 

 ●

 The DF Act
 is likely to substantially increase our deposit insurance costs. The
 assessment rate is expected to increase, at least temporarily, and the base
 upon which the assessment is made has been expanded from insured deposits to
 include all consolidated assets less tangible capital. 

 ●

 The DF Act’s
 new requirements on mortgage lenders and securitizers could adversely impact
 our ability to conduct mortgage lending activities, and similarly could
 impact banks which are customers of ours. Regarding that last matter, we
 provide or facilitate working capital to support the mortgage lending
 businesses of some of our bank customers; those activities of ours could be
 harmed if our customers’ businesses are harmed. 

 ●

 Regulators,
 including the Federal Reserve, the OCC, and the FDIC, have been given expansive
 authority to regulate compensation and many other matters throughout our
 company in connection with enhanced risk regulation functions. If new
 regulations in this area are severe, they could adversely impact our ability
 to attract or retain key employees and could make some business activities
 impractical for banks and bank holding companies. 

 ●

 The DF Act
 appears to weaken existing federal pre-emption of state laws which regulate
 certain banking and financial activities, especially activities involving
 consumer customers, and it may limit the ability of federal regulators to
 pre-empt state laws in the future. In general, a weakening of federal
 pre-emption tends to increase our compliance and operational costs and risks,
 and can increase them substantially. Additional information on this topic is
 provided in the section captioned “Federal and State Regulatory
 Jurisdiction” beginning on page 29 of this report.

 ●

 The DF Act
 has excluded certain items, including trust preferred securities, from Tier 1
 capital of financial institutions having assets of $15 billion or more. A
 direct effect of this exclusion will be to remove $200 million of currently
 outstanding securities from our Tier 1 capital after a phase-out period has
 passed. Perhaps more importantly, this provision could adversely affect our
 capital markets business in the future, which traditionally has helped other
 financial institutions issue trust preferred securities. 

          Recent Legislation: Healthcare

          In
2010 a sweeping healthcare reform law was enacted. Many of the most significant
provisions of this legislation depend upon substantial, and as yet unknown,
regulations and other rules, and the application of many provisions are to be
phased in over several years. Accordingly, the overall impact of the law upon
us will not be known for some time. However, at this early time it appears
likely that the new law will increase our costs and there is a significant risk
that the increases over time will be substantial. 

28

          Federal
and State Regulatory Jurisdiction 

          Some
state authorities from time to time have challenged, and on occasion continue
to challenge, the position of the OCC that it is the exclusive regulator of
various aspects of national banks or their operating subsidiaries. If one or
more of those challenges were successful, or if Congress or the OCC were to
change the applicable banking laws or regulations, we could be impacted
significantly, due, among other things, to possible increased regulatory
burdens, governmental (including state attorney general) and private party
actions alleging non-compliance with state law, and the expense of tracking and
complying with the different laws and regulations of those states in which we
do business. 

          In
its 2009 decision known as Cuomo v. Clearing
House Association L.L.C., the U.S. Supreme Court determined that the
OCC does not have the exclusive ability to enforce certain state and local laws
applicable to certain business activities of national banks which are not
pre-empted by federal law. The 
Cuomo
decision modified the position of the OCC and lower court decisions that had
affirmed the OCC’s regulations regarding its visitorial power, and limited the
application of a 2007 Supreme Court decision known as 
Watters v. Wachovia Bank N.A. which had
been viewed as indirectly supportive of the OCC’s position. 
Cuomo holds that the National Bank Act
allows states to enforce non-pre-empted laws through judicial proceedings
against national banks. As discussed in the immediately preceding section
captioned “Recent Legislation – Dodd-Frank Act,” federal pre-emption of state
banking laws and regulations appears to have been weakened in 2010, though the
effect that legislation remains unclear. Most states and some communities have
in place various laws pertaining to lending and other business activities
conducted by banks, some of which may not be pre-empted by federal law. Dealing
with potential state and local enforcement activity relating to non-pre-empted
laws would, at a minimum, increase the compliance costs for national banks that
have multi-state operations. 

          Mortgage
Foreclosure Risks 

          State
and federal officials have announced and commenced inquiries and investigations
into the procedures followed by mortgage servicing companies and banks,
including us and our subservicer, in completing affidavits relating to
foreclosures and into the authority of the servicer to foreclose if assignments
of legal interests in the mortgage loans have not been properly recorded. We
have received letters of informal inquiry from a few state attorneys general
and are responding to and cooperating with those inquiries. Additional state or
federal inquiries or investigations may be commenced. We cannot predict at this
early stage the ultimate outcome of these inquiries and investigations or the
impact that they could have on our financial condition, results of operations or
business. Additional information concerning foreclosure-related risks and our
management of them is set forth under the captions “Repurchase and Foreclosure Liability”
beginning on page 71, “Foreclosure Practices” beginning on page 75, “Subserviced Loan Modification Programs” beginning
on page 76, and “Repurchase and Foreclosure Liability” beginning on page 80 of the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2010 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of
the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
7 of Part II of this report. 

          Litigation
Risks 

          We
face litigation risks from customers, employees, vendors, contractual parties,
and other persons, either singly or in class actions, and from federal or state
regulators. We manage those risks through internal controls, personnel
training, insurance, litigation management, our compliance and ethics
processes, and other means. However, the commencement, outcome, and magnitude
of litigation cannot be predicted or controlled with certainty. 

          Since
2008 the risks of certain types of litigation have increased. For us, the most
notable of those types are (i) lender liability claims, (ii) claims involving
other types of distressed counterparties, (iii) claims 

29

based
on declines in our stock price, and (iv) a new type of lender tort claim. The
risk from the first two types has increased primarily because borrowers and
other contractual counterparties have experienced financial stress, in many
cases resulting in an attempt to obtain funds or relief from a solvent party
(us). We expect that this heightened risk level will not abate until after
economic conditions substantially improve. The elevated risk associated with
type (iii) largely is a result of our volatile stock price performance in 2007
and 2008, and eventually should fall back to ordinary levels if volatility in
our stock price remains relatively moderate. 

          Regarding
type (iv), some local governments or agencies have claimed that certain lenders
in their communities have created a public nuisance, engaged in predatory or
discriminatory lending, or otherwise are liable for the alleged consequences of
inappropriate consumer lending, especially home mortgage lending. Lender tort
claims of this sort, where alleged damages are measured on a statistical and/or
city-wide basis, create litigation costs immediately and create a risk of
significant litigation losses for those lenders which are named as defendants
in them. Moreover, claims of this sort adversely alter the business climate and
raise the costs and risks for all lenders, both in the communities involved and
in similar communities across the country. 

Risks of Expense Control 

          Expenses
and other costs directly affect our earnings. Our ability to successfully
manage expenses is important to our long-term survival and prosperity. Many
factors can influence the amount of our expenses, as well as how quickly they
grow. As our businesses change, either by expansion or contraction, additional
expenses can arise from asset purchases, structural reorganization, evolving
business strategies, and changing regulations, among other things. We manage
expense growth and risk through a variety of means, including selectively
outsourcing or multi-sourcing various functions and procurement coordination
and processes, and through an expense management committee. 

Geographic Risks 

          Our
capital markets business is national in scope, and our capital markets division
has a business presence in selected Asian markets. Also, we continue to hold
substantial assets across the U.S. originated under our now-discontinued
national lending businesses. However, our traditional banking business remains
grounded in, and depends upon, the major Tennessee markets. As a result,
although some of our business operations and assets are exposed to
geographically broad risks, to a significant degree our banking business is
exposed to economic, regulatory, natural disaster, and other risks that
primarily impact Tennessee and neighboring states where we do our traditional
banking business. In other words, if the Tennessee region experiences adversity
not shared by other parts of the country, we are likely to experience adversity
to a degree not shared by those competitors which have a broader footprint. 

Non-U.S. Operations Risks 

          We
have two capital markets offices outside of the United States, in Hong Kong and
Tokyo. Opening and operating non-U.S. offices creates a number of risks.
Specific risks associated with any non-U.S. presence include: the risk that
taxes, licenses, fees, prohibitions, and other barriers and constraints may be
created or increased by the U.S. or other countries that would impact our
ability to operate overseas profitably or at all; the risk that our assets and
operations in a particular country could be nationalized in whole or part
without adequate compensation; the risk that currency exchange rates could move
unfavorably so as to diminish or destroy the U.S. dollar value of assets, or to
enlarge the U.S. dollar value of liabilities, denominated in those currencies;
the risk that legal recourse against foreign counterparties may be limited in
unexpected ways; risks and costs associated with U.S. banking and other
regulation of non-U.S. business activities; and the risk that political or
cultural preferences in a particular host country might become 

30

antagonistic
to U.S. companies. Our ability to manage those and other risks will depend upon
a number of factors, including: our ability to recognize and anticipate
differences in cultural and other expectations applicable to customers,
employees, regulators, vendors, and other business partners and counterparties;
our ability to recognize and act upon opportunities and constraints peculiar to
the countries and cultures in which our offices operate; our ability to
recognize and manage any exchange rate risks to which we are exposed; and our
ability to anticipate the stability of or changes in the political, legal, and
monetary systems of the countries in which our offices operate. 

Insurance 

          We
use insurance to manage a number of risks, including damage or destruction of
property, legal and other liability, and certain types of credit risks. Not all
such risks are insured, in any given insured situation our insurance may be
inadequate to cover all loss, and many risks we face are uninsurable. For those
risks that are insured, we also face the risks that the insurer may default on
its obligations or that the insurer may refuse to honor them. We treat the
former risk as a type of credit risk, which we manage by reviewing the insurers
that we use and by striving to use more than one insurer when practical. The
risk of refusal, whether due to honest disagreement or bad faith, is inherent
in any contractual situation. 

          A
portion of our retail loan portfolio involves mortgage default insurance. If a
default insurer were to experience a significant credit downgrade or were to
become insolvent, that could adversely affect the carrying value of loans
insured by that company, which could result in an immediate increase in our
loan loss provision or write-down of the carrying value of those loans on our
balance sheet and, in either case, a corresponding impact on our financial results.
If many default insurers were to experience downgrades or insolvency at the
same time, the risk of a financial impact would be amplified and the disruption
to the default insurance industry could curtail our ability to originate new
loans that need such insurance, which would result in a loss of business for
us. 

Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks 

          Management
of liquidity and related risks is a key function for our business. Additional
information concerning liquidity risk management is set forth under the caption
“Liquidity Management” beginning on page 58 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2010
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. 

          In
general, the costs of our funding directly impact our costs of doing business
and, therefore, can positively or negatively affect our financial results. Our
funding requirements in 2010 were met principally by deposits and by financing
from other financial institutions. Historically we also depended upon financing
from private institutional investors by means of the capital markets. In 2008
and 2009 we were not able to utilize the private markets economically, but late
in 2010 we issued and sold $500 million of senior notes in an underwritten
offering. The recent past illustrates, however, the risk that capital markets
may become unavailable for reasons beyond our control. Deposits traditionally
have provided our most affordable funds, and in 2010 our deposits were trending
upward despite the low-interest-rate environment. However, deposit trends can
shift with economic conditions; if the economy improves, deposit levels in our
Bank might fall as depositors become more comfortable with risk and seek higher
returns in other vehicles. 

          A
number of more general factors could make such funding more difficult, more
expensive, or unavailable on affordable terms, including, but not limited to,
our financial results, organizational or political changes, adverse impacts on
our reputation, changes in the activities of our business partners, disruptions
in the capital markets, specific events that adversely impact the financial
services industry, counterparty availability, changes affecting our loan
portfolio or other assets, changes affecting our corporate and 

31

regulatory
structure, interest rate fluctuations, ratings agency actions, general economic
conditions, and the legal, regulatory, accounting, and tax environments
governing our funding transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is
strongly affected by the general state of the U.S. and world economies and
financial markets as well as the policies and capabilities of the U.S.
government and its agencies, and may become or remain increasingly difficult
due to economic and other factors beyond our control. 

          Events
affecting interest rates, markets, and other factors which adversely impact our
ability or desire to access the capital markets for funding likewise may
adversely affect the demand for our services in our capital markets business.
As a result, disruptions in those areas may adversely impact our earnings in
that business unit as well as in our regional banking unit. For instance,
disruptions in 2007 that were related to mortgages and mortgage-backed assets
significantly reduced the demand for certain of our capital markets products
and services and increased the costs and uncertainties associated with our
mortgage servicing portfolio. 

          Rating
agencies assign credit ratings to issuers and their debt. In that role,
agencies directly affect the availability and cost of our funding. The
Corporation and the Bank currently receive ratings from several rating entities
for unsecured borrowings. A rating below investment grade typically reduces
availability and increases the cost of market-based funding. A debt rating of
Baa3 or higher by Moody’s Investors Service, or BBB- or higher by Standard
& Poor’s and Fitch Ratings, is considered investment grade for many
purposes. At December 31, 2010, all three rating agencies rated the unsecured
senior debt of the Corporation and the Bank as investment grade, although we
were at or near the lowest levels of that grade. To the extent that in the
future we depend on institutional borrowing and the capital markets for funding
and capital, we could experience reduced liquidity and increased cost of
funding if our debt ratings were lowered further, particularly if lowered below
investment grade. In addition, other actions by ratings agencies can create
uncertainty about our ratings in the future and thus can adversely affect the
cost and availability of funding, including placing us on negative outlook or
on watchlist. Please note that a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy,
sell, or hold securities, is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time, and
should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 

          In
addition to the direct liquidity risks noted above, reductions in our credit
ratings could allow counterparties to terminate and immediately force us to
settle certain derivatives agreements, and could force us to provide additional
collateral with respect to certain derivatives agreements. Additional
information concerning those matters is provided under the caption “Derivative
Instruments” within Note 25 to our financial statements, beginning on page
191 of our 2010 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material
from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 15 of Part
IV of this report. 

          Certain
regulatory laws or rules establish minimum capital levels or define
risk-weighting for capital, regulate deposit insurance, and govern related
funding matters for banks. Those laws or rules could be changed in a manner
that could increase our overall cost of capital and thus reduce our earnings.
Significant changes are expected in the next year or two, as mentioned in the
next two paragraphs. 

          International
banking industry regulators have largely agreed upon significant changes in the
regulation of capital required to be held by banks and their holding companies
to support their businesses. The new international rules, known as “Basel III”,
generally increase the capital required to be held, narrow the types of
instruments which will qualify as providing appropriate capital, and tighten liquidity requirements. The Basel III
requirements are complex and will be phased in over many years. 

          The
Basel III rules do not apply to U.S. banks or holding companies automatically.
Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act of 2010 (“DF Act”) requires U.S. regulators to reform the system under
which the safety and soundness of banks and other financial institutions,
individually and systemically, are regulated. That reform effort will include
the regulation of 

32

 capital. It is not known whether or to what extent the U.S.
regulators will incorporate elements of Basel III into the reformed U.S.
regulatory system, but it is expected that the U.S. reforms will include an
increase in capital requirements and a narrowing of what qualifies as
appropriate capital. One likely effect of a significant tightening of U.S.
capital requirements would be to increase our cost of capital, among other
things. Any permanent significant increase in our cost of capital could have
significant adverse impacts on the profitability of many of our products, the
types of products we could offer profitably, our overall profitability, and our
overall growth opportunities, among other things. Although most financial
institutions would be affected, these business impacts could be felt unevenly,
depending upon the business and product mix of each institution. Other
potential effects could include less ability to pay cash dividends and
repurchase our common shares, higher dilution of common shareholders, and a
higher risk that we might fall below regulatory capital thresholds in an
adverse economic cycle. 

Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks 

          A
significant portion of our business involves borrowing and lending money.
Accordingly, changes in interest rates directly impact our revenues and
expenses, and potentially could expand or compress our net interest margin. We
actively manage our balance sheet to control the risks of a reduction in net
interest margin brought about by ordinary fluctuations in rates. Additional
information concerning those risks and our management of them appears under the
caption “Interest Rate Risk Management” beginning on page 56 of the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2010 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of
the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
7 of Part II of this report. 

          Our
mortgage servicing rights (MSR) portfolio is affected by changes in interest
rates. Although we sold our mortgage servicing platform in 2008, at present we
still retain substantial MSR assets. The value of MSR assets declines when the
underlying loans are refinanced, otherwise paid early, or charged off.
Generally, when interest rates increase, the value of MSR generally increases,
and when rates decline the value of MSR tends to decline. However, those
general tendencies do not result in concrete outcomes in all circumstances; for
example, a decrease in interest rates does not always result in a predictable
increase in refinancings because other factors may blunt loan demand or curtail
credit availability. Additional information concerning those risks and our
management of them appears under the caption “Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSR) and
Other Related Retained Interests” beginning on page 77 of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
section of our 2010 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the
material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7
of Part II of this report. 

          We
face the risks associated with movements in the yield curve. The yield curve
simply shows the interest rates applicable to short and long term debt. The
curve is steep when short-term rates are much lower than long-term rates; it is
flat when short-term rates are equal, or nearly equal, to long-term rates; and
it is inverted when short-term rates exceed long-term rates. Historically, the
yield curve normally is positively sloped. However, the yield curve can be
relatively flat or inverted for short or even protracted periods. A flat or
inverted yield curve tends to decrease net interest margin, which would
adversely impact our lending businesses, and it tends to reduce demand for
long-term debt securities, which would adversely impact the revenues of our
capital markets business. A prolonged inversion of the yield curve historically
is so uncommon that it is difficult to predict all the effects that such a
market condition is reasonably likely to create. 

          Expectations
by the market regarding the direction of future interest rate movements,
particularly long-term rates, can impact the demand for long-term debt which in
turn can impact the revenues of our capital markets business. That risk is most
apparent during times when strong expectations have not yet been reflected in
market rates, or when expectations are especially weak or uncertain. 

33

Securities Inventories and Market Risks 

          Our
capital markets business buys and sells various types of securities for its
institutional customers. In the course of that business we hold inventory
positions and are exposed to certain risks of market fluctuations. In addition,
we are exposed to credit risk and interest rate risk associated with debt
securities. We manage the risks of holding inventories of securities through
certain policies and procedures, including hedging activities related to
certain interest rate risks. Additional information concerning those risks and
our management of them appears under the caption “Market Risk Management”
beginning on page 54 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of
Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2010 Annual Report to
Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been
incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report, and in the
“Credit Risks” discussion beginning on page 23 of this report. 

          In
addition, we earn fees and other income related to our brokerage business and
our management of assets for customers. Declines, disruptions, or precipitous
changes in markets or market prices can adversely affect those revenue sources.

          We
have exposure to risks related to securities markets in other respects as well.
We have a number of assets and obligations that are linked, directly or
indirectly, to major securities markets. Significant changes in market
performance can have a material impact upon our assets, liabilities, and
financial results. 

          A
major example of that linkage is our obligation to fund our pension plan so
that it may satisfy benefit claims in the future. Our pension funding
obligations generally depend upon actuarial estimates of benefits claims and
actuarial estimates of future plan asset values. To a substantial extent the
pension plan invests its assets in marketable securities. Our obligations to
fund the plan can diminish substantially if the plan’s investments perform
well, and can grow substantially if those investments perform poorly. Changes
in those obligations generally translate into positive or negative changes in
our pension expense, which in turn affects our financial performance. Although
our obligations and expenses relative to the plan can be affected by many other
things, including changes in our participating employee population and changes
to the plan itself, declines in market performance in recent years have tended
to increase our obligations to fund the pension plan, and that tendency is
likely to continue to be felt over the next several years. We announced in 2009
that we will implement a freeze of new benefits after 2012, and we changed the
asset allocation investment strategy; although we expect these changes to
moderate future volatility in this area, risk of some level of volatility is
unavoidable. That risk of volatility would be amplified if certain actuarial
assumptions change adversely, especially the discount rate used to estimate the
adequacy of assets to cover projected benefits, or if the accounting rules
regarding pension liability estimates change adversely. 

Venture Capital Assets 

          Venture
capital investments are inherently volatile. The companies in which we have
invested are much less mature, smaller, and much more unproven than a typical
public company. Accordingly, those investments carry a substantial risk of loss
which can be realized suddenly. Venture capital investments also are inherently
illiquid. Although we have been winding down this business since 2008, the
wind-down process is likely to occur over an extended period. At December 31,
2010 our venture capital investments had a book value of $13 million. 

Hedge Risks 

          In
the normal course of our businesses, including (among others) banking, capital
markets, and legacy mortgage servicing, we attempt to create partial or full
economic hedges of various, though not all, 

34

financial
risks. Our hedging activities are discussed in more detail in various places
under the following captions of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2010 Annual Report
to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been
incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report: “Risk
Management,” beginning on page 53; and, “Critical Accounting Policies,”
beginning on page 76. Hedging creates certain risks for us, including the risk
that the other party to the hedge transaction will fail to perform
(counterparty risk, which is a type of credit risk), and the risk that the
hedge will not fully protect us from loss as intended (hedge failure risk).
Unexpected counterparty failure or hedge failure could have a significant
adverse effect on our liquidity and earnings. 

Accounting Risks 

          Uncertainties
in Estimates 

          The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Three of our most
critical estimates are: the level of the allowance for credit losses; the level
of repurchase, make-whole, and foreclosure reserves; and the valuation of
mortgage servicing rights. However, other estimates occasionally become highly
significant, especially in volatile situations such as litigation and other
loss contingency matters. Estimates are made at specific points in time; as
actual events unfold, estimates are adjusted accordingly. Due to the inherent
nature of these estimates, it is possible that, at some time in the future, we
may significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain
credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance, or we
may recognize a significant provision for impairment of our goodwill or other assets, or we may recognize a significant decline in
the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights, or we may make some other
adjustment that will differ materially from the estimates that we make today.
For additional information concerning the sensitivity of these estimates, refer
to “Critical Accounting Policies” beginning on page 76 of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
section of our 2010 Annual Report to Shareholders. 

          Changes
to Rules and Practices 

          In
addition, accounting rules and practices change over time. Changes in
accounting rules can significantly affect how we record and report assets,
liabilities, revenues, expenses, and earnings. Although such changes generally
affect all companies in a given industry, in practice changes sometimes have a
disparate impact due to differences in the circumstances or business operations
of companies within the same industry. 

Risks of Holding our Common Stock 

          Holding
Company Dividends 

          Historically
the Corporation has depended upon common dividends from the Bank for cash to
fund common dividends paid to the Corporation’s shareholders. However, in part
because of the losses experienced by the Bank since 2007, regulatory
constraints generally will prevent the Bank from declaring and paying dividends
to the Corporation in 2011 without regulatory approval. Also, we are required
to provide financial support to the Bank. Additional information concerning
those regulatory restrictions on the Bank is discussed in more detail under the
heading “Liquidity Management” in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis
section beginning on page 58 of our 2010 Annual Report to Shareholders, which
section is incorporated herein by reference. 

35

          Furthermore,
the Federal Reserve and the OCC have issued policy statements generally
requiring insured banks and bank holding companies only to pay dividends out of
current operating earnings. The Federal Reserve has released a supervisory
letter advising bank holding companies, among other things, that as a general
matter a bank holding company should inform the Federal Reserve and should
eliminate, defer or significantly reduce its dividends if (i) the bank holding
company’s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net
of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully
fund the dividends; (ii) the bank holding company’s prospective rate of
earnings is not consistent with the bank holding company’s capital needs and
overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the bank holding
company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory
capital adequacy ratios. 

          In
2008 the Corporation discontinued paying a quarterly cash dividend to its
common stockholders and began distributing a dividend payable in shares of
common stock. In 2010 the Corporation returned to profitability, but preferred
stock dividends to the Treasury in connection with the TARP program
significantly exceeded those earnings. In January 2011 the Corporation, having
exited the TARP program, resumed a cash dividend at the rate of one cent per
share, substantially lower than the rate prior to 2008. For the reasons
mentioned above, our dividend rate may remain muted until our earnings are stronger
and less volatile. 

          Dilution
Potential 

          We
may decide to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity
financings to fund our operations, to increase our capital, or to expand. If we
raise funds by issuing equity securities or instruments that are convertible
into equity securities, the percentage ownership of our current stockholders
will be reduced, the new equity securities may have rights and preferences
superior to those of the common stock, and additional issuances could be at
sales price which is dilutive to current stockholders. We may also issue equity
securities directly as consideration for acquisitions we may make that could be
dilutive to current stockholders. 

          Anti-takeover
Provisions 

          Provisions
of Tennessee law, and certain provisions of our charter and bylaws, could make
it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or could have the
effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire control of us.
These provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us
even if an acquisition might be at a price attractive to many of our
stockholders.