This
item outlines specific risks that could affect the ability of our various businesses
to compete, change our risk profile, or eventually impact our financial results.
The risks we face generally are similar to those experienced, to varying
degrees, by all financial services companies.

          Our
 strategies and management’s ability to react to changing competitive and
 economic environments have enabled us historically to compete effectively, manage
 risks to acceptable levels, and create industry leading profitability levels.
 However, our operating environment continues to evolve and new risks continue
 to emerge. To address that challenge we have established an enterprise-wide
 risk management committee that oversees processes for monitoring evolving risks
 and oversees various initiatives designed to manage and control our potential
 exposure.

          We
have outlined potential risk factors below that we presently believe could be
important to us; however, other risks may prove to be important in the future.
New risks may emerge at any time and we cannot predict with certainty all
potential developments which could affect our financial performance. The
following discussion highlights potential risks which could intensify over time
or shift dynamically in a way that might change our risk profile. In addition
to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report (including the material
incorporated into this report), among the factors that could cause our future
results to differ materially from our past results and from expectations are those
discussed in this item.

Forward-Looking Statements 

          This
report, including materials incorporated into it, may contain forward-looking
statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, goals, expectations, and
estimates. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not a
representation of historical information but rather are related to future
operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. The words “believe,”
“expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “should,” “is likely,”
“will,” “going
forward,” and other expressions that indicate future events and trends identify
forward-looking statements. 

          Forward-looking
statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are
inherently subject to significant business, operational, economic and
competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond any
company’s control, and many of which, with respect to future business decisions
and actions (including acquisitions and divestitures), are subject to change.
Examples of uncertainties and contingencies include, among other important
factors: general and local economic and business conditions; expectations of
and actual timing and amount of interest rate movements, including the slope of
the yield curve, which can have a significant impact on a financial services
institution; market and monetary fluctuations; inflation or deflation; investor
responses to these conditions; the financial condition of borrowers and other
counterparties; competition within and outside the financial services industry;
geopolitical developments including possible terrorist activity; natural
disasters; effectiveness of our hedging practices; technology; demand for our product
offerings; new products and services in the industries in which we operate; and
critical accounting estimates. 

14

          Other
factors are those inherent in originating and servicing loans including
prepayment risks, pricing concessions, fluctuation in U.S. housing prices,
fluctuation of collateral values, and changes in customer profiles.
Additionally, the actions of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency (OCC), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the
National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. and its affiliates, and other
regulators; regulatory and judicial proceedings and changes in laws and
regulations applicable to us; and our success in executing our business plans
and strategies and managing the risks involved in the foregoing, could cause
actual results to differ. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements that are made in this report or in any other statement, release,
report, or filing from time to time. Actual results could differ because of
several factors, including those presented below and in other sections of this
report. Readers of this report should carefully consider the factors discussed in
this Item below, among others, in evaluating forward-looking statements and
assessing our prospects.

Competition Risks

          Like
 all financial services companies, we compete for customers. Our primary areas
 of competition include: retail and commercial deposits and bank loans, wealth
 management, home mortgage loans and lines of credit, mortgage servicing, capital
 markets products and services, and other consumer and business financial products
 and services. Our competitors in these areas include national and state banks,
 savings and loan associations, credit unions, consumer finance companies, trust
 companies, investment counseling firms, money market mutual funds, insurance
 companies and agencies, securities firms, mortgage banking companies, and other
 financial services companies that serve the markets which we serve. We expect
 that competition will continue to grow more intense with respect to most of
 our products and services. For additional information regarding competition
 for customers, refer to the “Competition” heading of Part I, Item
 1 beginning on page 11 of this report. 

          While
 we face competition for customers, we also compete for financial capital (see
 “Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks” beginning on page 18 of
 this report) and to acquire and retain the human capital we need to thrive.
 Some of the keys to our ability to manage our competitive challenges are:

 •

 Our leading position
 in many of our markets and business lines

 •

 Our
 historical growth and retention of consumer and business customer bases

 •

 Historically
 strong employee value and loyalty ratings and national workplace recognition
 resulting in attraction and retention of high performing employees

Using those
factors and others, we have focused on the delivery of products and services in
a manner that maximizes the value our customers obtain from their relationships
with us, and we have developed strategies that have enabled us to gain market share
in our targeted markets over time. We also have developed strategies to attract
and retain customers and talent that are displaced when competitors merge. 

Growth Risks

          Every
organization faces risks associated with growth. Our growth in 2005 resulted primarily
from a combination of: our national expansion strategy in banking; acquisition
of customers from competitors that have merged with each other; and targeted
non-bank business acquisitions.

15

          Our
national expansion strategy is primarily organic. Our strategy is to expand our
banking business in selected national markets by building on our mortgage customer
relationships in those markets. Our strategy is unusual in the financial services
industry; many banks elect to become national in scope by acquiring large local
and regional banks in targeted geographic areas. We believe our national
expansion strategy should reduce some of the costs and risks associated with
the acquisition model. The successful execution of our strategy depends upon a
number of key elements, including:

 •

 our ability
 to successfully penetrate new markets at a reasonable cost and within a
 reasonable time frame;

 •

 our ability
 to cross-sell our home mortgage customers into bank products and services;

 •

 our ability
 to attract and retain commercial and other non-mortgage customers; 

 •

 our ability
 to develop profitable customer relationships while expanding our existing
 information processing, technology, and other operational infrastructures effectively
 and efficiently; and 

 •

 our ability
 to manage the liquidity and capital requirements associated with such growth.

We have in
place a number of strategies designed to achieve each of those elements. Our
challenge is to execute those strategies and adjust them as conditions change.

          To
the extent we engage in bank or non-bank business acquisitions, we face various
risks associated with that practice, including:

 •

 our ability
 to integrate the acquired company into our operations quickly and
 cost-effectively; 

 •

 our ability
 to integrate the name recognition and goodwill of the acquired company with
 our own; and,

 •

 our ability
 to retain customers and key employees of the acquired company.

Credit Risks

          Like
 all other lenders, we face the risk that our customers may not repay their loans
 and that the realizable value of collateral may be insufficient to avoid a loss.
 In our business some level of credit loss is unavoidable and overall levels
 of credit loss can vary over time. Our ability to manage credit risks depends
 primarily upon our ability to assess the creditworthiness of customers and the
 value of collateral, including real estate. We control credit risk by diversifying
 our loan portfolio and by recording and managing an allowance for expected loan
 losses based on the factors mentioned above and in accordance with applicable
 accounting rules. We also record loan charge-offs in accordance with accounting
 and regulatory guidelines and rules. These guidelines and rules could change
 and cause charge-offs to increase for reasons related or unrelated to the underlying
 performance of our portfolio; this risk is shared with all financial institutions.
 The models and approaches we use to originate and manage loans are continually
 updated to take into account changes in the competitive environment, in real
 estate prices, and in the economy, among other things. Additional information
 concerning credit risks and our management of them is set forth under the captions
 “Credit Risk Management” beginning on page 29, “Foreclosure Reserves”
 beginning on page 43, and “Allowance for Loan Losses” beginning on
 page 44, of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations
 and Financial Condition section of our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders, which
 is part of the 

16

material from
that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of
this report.

Risk From Economic Downturns 

          Delinquencies
and credit losses generally increase during economic downturns due to an
increase in liquidity problems for customers and downward pressure on
collateral values. Likewise, demand for loans, deposit products, fixed income
products, and financial services may decline during an economic downturn.
Accordingly, an economic downturn (local, regional, or national) can hurt our
financial performance in the form of higher loan losses, lower loan levels,
lower deposit levels, and lower fees from transactions and services. These
risks are faced by all financial services companies and we have in place
processes and tools that we believe allow us to monitor and manage those risks.

Hedge Risks

          In
 the normal course of our businesses, including (among others) banking, mortgage,
 and capital markets, we attempt to partially or fully hedge various financial
 risks. We do that primarily by using derivative instruments or by engaging in
 business activities that are countercyclical to the risks at issue. Our hedging
 activities are discussed in more detail in various places under the following
 captions of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations
 and Financial Condition section of our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders, which
 is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference
 into Item 7 of Part II of this report: “Risk Management,” beginning
 on page 23; and, “Critical Accounting Policies,” beginning on page
 37. Hedging creates certain risks for us, including the risk that the other
 party to the hedge transaction will fail to perform (counterparty risk, which
 is a type of credit risk), and the risk that the hedge will not fully protect
 us from loss as intended (hedge failure risk). Although we actively manage those
 risks, unexpected counterparty failure or hedge failure could have a significant
 adverse effect on our liquidity and earnings.

Reputation Risks 

          Our
ability to conduct and grow our businesses, and to obtain and retain customers,
is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our business practices and our
financial stability. Our reputation is, therefore, a key asset for us. Our
reputation is affected principally by our own practices and how those practices
are perceived and understood by others. Adverse perceptions regarding the
practices of our competitors, or our industry as a whole, also may adversely
impact our reputation. In addition, adverse perceptions relating to parties
with whom we have important relationships may adversely impact our reputation.

          Damage
to our reputation could hinder our ability to access the capital markets, could
hamper our ability to attract new customers and retain existing ones, and could
undermine our ability to attract and retain talented employees, among other
things. Adverse impacts on our reputation, or the reputation of our industry,
may also result in greater regulatory and/or legislative scrutiny, which may
lead to laws or regulations that change or constrain our business or
operations. Events that result in damage to our reputation also may increase our
litigation risk.

          As
with all other risks, we actively devote significant resources to safeguard our
reputation. Senior management oversees processes for reputation risk
monitoring, assessment, and management.

17

Operational Risks 

          Our
 ability to grow is dependent in part upon our ability to create and maintain
 an appropriate operational and organizational infrastructure, manage expenses
 as we expand, and recruit and retain personnel with the ability to manage an
 increasingly complex business. Operational risk can arise in many ways, including:
 errors related to failed or inadequate processes; faulty or disabled computer
 systems; fraud, theft, physical security breaches, electronic data and related
 security breaches, or other criminal conduct by employees or third parties;
 and exposure to other external events. In addition, we outsource some of our
 operational functions to third parties; those third parties may experience similar
 errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have
 limited control. Failure to build and maintain the necessary operational infrastructure,
 or failure of our disaster preparedness plans if primary infrastructure components
 suffer damage, can lead to risk of loss of service to customers, legal actions,
 or noncompliance with applicable laws or regulatory standards. Operational risk
 is specifically managed through internal monitoring, measurement, and assessment
 by line management and oversight of processes by top management; regulatory
 guidance for mitigating operational risk is followed. Additional information
 concerning operational risks and our management of them appears under the caption
 “Operational Risk Management” beginning on page 29 of the Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section
 of our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from
 that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of
 this report.

Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks

          Management
 of liquidity and related risks is a key function for our business. Additional
 information concerning liquidity risk management is set forth under the caption
 “Liquidity Management” beginning on page 25 of the Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section
 of our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from
 that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of
 this report.

          Our
funding requirements currently are met principally by deposits, financing from
other financial institutions, and financing using the capital markets. In
general, the costs of our funding directly impact our costs of doing business
and, therefore, can positively or negatively affect our financial
results. 

          A
number of factors could make such funding more difficult, more expensive, or
unavailable on affordable terms, including, but not limited to, our financial
results, organizational changes, adverse impacts on our reputation, changes in
the activities of our business partners, disruptions in the capital markets,
specific events that adversely impact the financial services industry,
counterparty availability, changes affecting our loan portfolio or other
assets, changes affecting our corporate and regulatory structure, interest rate
fluctuations, ratings agency actions, general economic conditions, and the
legal, regulatory, accounting, and tax environments governing our funding
transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is strongly affected by
the general state of the U.S. and world economies and financial markets, and
may become increasingly difficult due to economic and other factors. 

          We
depend significantly on our ability to sell or securitize first and second mortgage
loans and home equity lines of credit (which we refer to as HELOC). Those
actions involve the sale of whole loans or of beneficial interests in loans.
Although the market for loans is substantial,

18

if it
experiences difficulties we may be unable to sell or securitize our mortgage or
HELOC loans at all, or at favorable pricing levels. If we were unable to
continue to sell or securitize our loans at current levels, we would seek
alternative funding sources to fund loan originations and meet our other
liquidity needs. If we were unable to find cost-effective and stable
alternatives, that failure could negatively impact our liquidity and could
potentially increase our cost of funds and lower our loan growth. 

          When
 we sell or securitize mortgage and HELOC loans, we sometimes do so with limited
 or full recourse, which means, in effect, that we will take some or significant
 financial responsibility for the loan if it defaults. Additional information
 concerning these risks is set forth under the caption “Foreclosure Reserves”
 beginning on page 43 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results
 of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders,
 which is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by
 reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. In many instances, we sell
 or securitize loans with no recourse. However, if a loan sold with no recourse
 defaults, we could still bear responsibility to the buyer if the loan did not
 conform to representations we made to the buyer at the time of sale. We manage
 that risk of non-conformity through origination and documentation controls and
 procedures.

          Rating
agencies assign credit ratings to issuers and their debt. In that role,
agencies directly affect the availability and cost of our funding. The
Corporation and the Bank currently receive ratings from several rating entities
for unsecured borrowings. A rating below investment grade typically reduces
availability and increases the cost of market-based funding. A debt rating of
Baa3 or higher by Moody’s Investors Service, or BBB- or higher by Standard
& Poor’s and Fitch Ratings, is considered investment grade for many
purposes. Currently, all three rating agencies rate the unsecured senior debt
of the Corporation and the Bank as investment grade. Because we depend on
institutional borrowing and the capital markets for funding and capital, we
could experience reduced liquidity and increased cost of funding if our debt
ratings were lowered, particularly if lowered below investment grade. Please
note that a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold
securities, is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time, and should be
evaluated independently of any other rating.

          Regulatory
laws or rules that establish minimum capital levels, regulate deposit
insurance, and govern related funding matters for banks could be changed in a
manner that could increase our overall cost of capital and thus reduce our
earnings.

Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks

          A
 significant portion of our business involves borrowing and lending money. Accordingly,
 changes in interest rates directly impact our revenues and expenses, and potentially
 could compress our net interest margin. We actively manage our balance sheet
 to control the risks of a reduction in net interest margin brought about by
 ordinary fluctuations in rates. Additional information concerning those risks
 and our management of them appears under the caption “Interest Rate Risk
 Management” beginning on page 23 of the Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2005
 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
 that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report.

          Our
mortgage lending and servicing businesses also are affected by changes in
interest rates. Generally, when rates increase, demand for mortgage loans and
HELOC decrease (and our revenues from new originations fall), and when rates
decrease, demand increases (and our

19

origination revenues increase). In a contrary fashion, when interest
 rates increase, the value of mortgage servicing rights (MSR) that we retain
 increases, and when rates decline the value of MSR declines. Within our mortgage
 businesses, therefore, there is a partial natural hedge against ordinary interest
 rate changes. Additional information concerning those risks and our management
 of them appears under the caption “Mortgage Servicing Rights and Other
 Related Retained Interests” beginning on page 37 of the Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section
 of our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from
 that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of
 this report.

          Our
 mortgage lending business is affected by changes in interest rates in another
 manner. During the period of loan origination and prior to the loan’s sale
 in the secondary market (when loans are in the “pipeline” and the
 “warehouse”), we are exposed to the risk of interest rate changes
 for those loans as to which we have agreed to lock in the customer’s mortgage
 rate. We manage that risk through hedging activities and other methods. Additional
 information concerning those risks and our management of them appears under
 the caption “Pipeline and Warehouse” beginning on page 42 of the Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section
 of our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from
 that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of
 this report.

          Like
all financial services companies, we face the risks of abnormalities in the
yield curve. The yield curve simply shows the interest rates applicable to
short and long term debt. The curve is steep when short-term rates are much
lower than long-term rates; it is flat when short-term rates are equal, or
nearly equal, to long-term rates; and it is inverted when short-term rates
exceed long-term rates. Historically, the yield curve normally is relatively
steep. However, during most of 2005 the yield curve has been relatively flat. A
flat or inverted yield curve tends to decrease net interest margin, as the
warehouse yields narrow relative to their short-term funding sources, and it
tends to reduce demand for long-term debt, adversely impacting the revenues of
our capital markets business.

          Lastly,
expectations by the market regarding the direction of future interest rate
movements, particularly long-term rates, can impact the demand for long-term
debt which in turn can impact the revenues of our capital markets business.
That risk is most apparent during times when strong expectations have not yet
been reflected in market rates, or when expectations are especially weak or
uncertain.

Securities Inventories Risks

          Our
 capital markets business buys and sells various types of securities for its
 customers. In the course of that business we hold inventory positions and are
 exposed to certain risks of market fluctuations. In addition, we are exposed
 to credit risk associated with debt securities. We manage the risks of holding
 inventories of securities through certain policies and procedures. Additional
 information concerning those risks and our management of them appears under
 the caption “Market Risk Management” beginning on page 29 of the Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section
 of our 2005 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from
 that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of
 this report, and in the “Credit Risks” discussion beginning on page
 16 of this report.

20

Regulatory and Legal Risks 

          We
 operate in a heavily regulated industry and therefore are subject to many banking,
 deposit, insurance, brokerage, and consumer lending regulations in addition
 to the rules applicable to all companies publicly traded in the U.S. securities
 markets. Failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in financial,
 structural, and operational penalties. In addition, efforts to comply with applicable
 regulations may increase our costs and/or limit our ability to pursue certain
 business opportunities. See “Supervision and Regulation” in Item 1
 of this report, beginning on page 3 above, for additional information concerning
 financial industry regulations. Federal and state regulations significantly
 limit the types of activities in which we, as a financial institution, may engage.
 In addition, we are subject to a wide array of other regulations that govern
 other aspects of how we conduct our business, such as in the areas of employment
 and intellectual property. Federal and state legislative and regulatory authorities
 occasionally consider changing these regulations or adopting new ones. Such
 actions could limit the amount of interest or fees we can charge, could restrict
 our ability to collect loans or realize on collateral, or could materially affect
 us in other ways. Additional federal and state consumer protection regulations
 also could expand the privacy protections afforded to customers of financial
 institutions, restricting our ability to share or receive customer information
 and increasing our costs. In addition, changes in accounting rules can significantly
 affect how we record and report assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and
 earnings.

          We
also face litigation risks from customers (singly or in class actions) and from
federal or state regulators. Litigation is an unavoidable part of doing
business in our industry, and we manage those risks through internal controls,
personnel training, insurance, litigation management, and other means. However,
the commencement, outcome, and magnitude of litigation cannot be predicted or
controlled with certainty.

Risks of Expense Control 

          Expenses
and other costs directly affect our earnings. Our ability to successfully
manage expenses is important to our long-term survival. Many factors can
influence the amount of our expenses, as well as how quickly they grow. As our
businesses change or expand, additional expenses can arise from using
outsourced services, asset purchases, structural reorganization, evolving
business strategies, and changing regulations, among other things. 

Geographic Risks

          Our
mortgage and capital markets businesses are national in scope. Our national
expansion strategy is making our banking business national as well. At present,
however, a majority of our banking business is grounded in, and depends upon,
the major Tennessee markets. As a result, to a greater degree than many of our
competitors that operate nationally or in much broader regions, our banking
business currently is exposed to adverse economic, regulatory, natural
disaster, and other risks that might primarily impact Tennessee and the
mid-South region of the U.S.