This
item outlines specific risks that could affect the ability of our various
businesses to compete, change our risk profile, or eventually impact our
financial results. The risks we face generally are similar to those
experienced, to varying degrees, by all financial services companies. Our
operating environment continues to evolve and new risks continue to emerge. To
address that challenge we have an enterprise-wide risk management committee
that oversees processes for monitoring evolving risks and oversees various
initiatives designed to manage and control our potential exposure.

          We
have outlined potential risk factors below that we presently believe could be
important to us; however, other risks may prove to be important in the future.
New risks may emerge at any time and we cannot predict with certainty all
potential developments which could affect our financial performance. The
following discussion highlights potential risks which could intensify over time
or shift dynamically in a way that might change our risk profile. In addition
to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report (including the material
incorporated into this report), among the factors that could cause our future
results to differ materially from our past results and from expectations are
those discussed in this item.

Forward-Looking Statements 

          This
report, including materials incorporated into it, may contain forward-looking
statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, goals, expectations, and
estimates. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not a
representation of historical information but rather are related to future
operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. The words
“believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “should,”
“is likely,”
“will,” “going forward,” and other expressions that indicate future events and
trends identify forward-looking statements. 

          Forward-looking
statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are
inherently subject to significant business, operational, economic and
competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond any
company’s control, and many of which, with respect to future business decisions
and actions (including acquisitions and divestitures), are subject to change.
Examples of uncertainties and contingencies include, among other important
factors: general and local economic and business conditions, including economic
recession or depression; expectations of and actual timing and amount of
interest rate movements, including the slope of the yield curve, which can have
a significant impact on a financial services institution; market and monetary
fluctuations; inflation or deflation; customer, investor, regulatory, and
legislative responses to any or all of these conditions; the 

17

financial
condition of borrowers and other counterparties; competition within and outside
the financial services industry; geopolitical developments including possible
terrorist activity; natural disasters; effectiveness and cost-efficiency of our
hedging practices; technology; demand for our product offerings; new products
and services in the industries in which we operate; and critical accounting
estimates. Other factors are those inherent in lending and holding loan-based
assets including prepayment risks, pricing concessions, fluctuation in U.S.
housing and other real estate prices, fluctuation of collateral values, and
changes in customer profiles. Additionally, the actions of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC), the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve), Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA), Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), and other
regulators; actions of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which has purchased
securities from us under its Capital Purchase Program; regulatory,
administrative, and judicial proceedings and changes in laws and regulations
applicable to us; and our success in executing our business plans and
strategies and managing the risks involved in the foregoing, could cause actual
results to differ. 

          We
assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements that are made in
this report or in any other statement, release, report, or filing from time to
time. Actual results could differ because of one or more factors, including
those listed above or presented below, in other sections of this report, or in
material incorporated by reference into this report. Readers of this report
should carefully consider the factors discussed in this Item below, among
others, in evaluating forward-looking statements and assessing our prospects.

Competition Risks

          Like
all financial services companies, we compete for customers. Our primary areas
of competition include: retail and commercial deposits and bank loans, wealth
management, personal or consumer loans including home mortgages and lines of
credit, capital markets products and services, and other consumer and business
financial products and services. Our competitors in these areas include
national, state, and non-US banks, savings and loan associations, credit
unions, consumer finance companies, trust companies, investment counseling
firms, money market and other mutual funds, insurance companies and agencies,
securities firms, mortgage banking companies, hedge funds, and other financial
services companies that serve the markets which we serve. Some competitors are
banks, subject to the same regulatory regime as we are, while others are not
 banks and in many cases experience a significantly different or reduced degree
 of regulation. We expect that competition will continue to grow more intense
 with respect to most of our products and services. For additional information
regarding competition for customers, refer to the “Competition” heading
of Part I, Item 1 beginning on page
13 of this report. 

          While
we face competition for customers, we also compete for financial capital (see
“Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks” beginning on page 22 of this
report) and to acquire and retain the human capital we need to thrive. Labor
markets change over time; the segments of that market most useful to us may contract
with demographic shifts relating to age, birth rates, education levels, geography,
local or regional economic conditions, and other factors. 

Growth and Disposition Risks

          Every
organization faces risks associated with growth. Our growth in recent years
resulted primarily from a combination of: our expansion strategy in banking
based on our mortgage operations; acquisition of customers from competitors
that have merged with each other; and targeted non-bank business acquisitions.
In 2007 and 2008 we modified our strategy in response to substantial and rapid
changes in business conditions and to take advantage of certain opportunities.
As a result, in 2008 we sold 

18

our national
mortgage platforms, closed our national specialty lending operations, and
renewed our emphasis on financial services in our traditional Tennessee-based
markets. Additional information concerning these matters is presented under
“Recent Downturns and Disruptions” beginning on page 28. 

          Although
our strategy is expected to evolve as business conditions
continue to change, at present our strategy’s primary components are to invest
capital and other resources in our current Tennessee-based retail/commercial
banking market footprints, and in our capital markets business. In any case growth is expected to be coordinated
with a focus on stronger and more stable returns on capital. Our growth in the
past has been primarily organic rather than through substantial acquisitions;
in the future, that pattern may shift if opportunities present
themselves. We believe that the successful execution of our
strategy depends upon a number of key elements, including:

●

our ability
 to attract and retain banking customers in our Tennessee-based regional
 banking market areas;

●

in our
 capital markets business, our ability to maintain or strengthen our existing
 customer relationships while at the same time successfully identifying and
 exploiting opportunities for new products and services, and for new
 customers, in the US and overseas; 

●

our ability
 to develop and retain profitable customer relationships while expanding or
 enhancing our existing information processing, technology, and other
 operational infrastructures effectively and efficiently; 

●

our ability
 to manage the liquidity and capital requirements associated with organic
 growth; and

●

our ability
 to manage the operational, cultural, and (in some cases) liquidity and
 capital difficulties associated with growth through purchases.

We have in place strategies designed to achieve those elements that are
significant to us at present. Our challenge is to execute those strategies and
adjust them, or adopt new strategies, as conditions change.

          To
the extent we engage in bank or non-bank business acquisitions, we face various
risks associated with that practice, including:

●

our ability
 to identify, analyze, and correctly assess the contingent risks in the
 acquisition and to price the transaction appropriately; 

●

our ability
 to integrate the acquired company into our operations quickly and
 cost-effectively;

●

our ability
 to integrate the name recognition and goodwill of the acquired company with
 our own; and,

●

our ability
 to retain customers and key employees of the acquired company.

          At
times a company must consider disposing of or otherwise exiting businesses or
units that no longer fit into management’s plans for the future. Key risks
associated with dispositions, including closures, include:

●

our ability
 to price a sale transaction appropriately and otherwise negotiate appropriate
 terms;

●

our ability
 to identify and implement key customer, technology systems, and other
 transition actions to avoid or minimize negative effects on retained
 businesses; 

●

our ability
 to assess and manage any loss of synergies that the disposed or exited
 business had with our retained businesses; and

●

our ability
 to manage capital, liquidity, and other challenges that may arise in the
 event of a closure or other disposition that results in significant cash
 expenditures or a financial loss to us.

19

Credit Risks

          Like
all other lenders, we face the risk that our customers may not repay their
loans and that the realizable value of collateral may be insufficient to avoid
a loss. In our business some level of credit loss is unavoidable and overall
levels of credit loss can vary over time. In 2008 credit losses increased to
historically high levels, as mentioned in “Recent Downturns and Disruptions”
beginning on page 28.

          Our
ability to manage credit risks depends primarily upon our ability to assess the
creditworthiness of customers and the value of collateral, including real
estate. We manage credit risk by diversifying our loan portfolio and managing
its granularity, and by recording and managing an allowance for expected loan
losses based on the factors mentioned above and in accordance with applicable
accounting rules. We also record loan charge-offs in accordance with accounting
and regulatory guidelines and rules. These guidelines and rules could change
and cause charge-offs to increase for reasons related or unrelated to the
underlying performance of our portfolio. This risk is shared with all financial
institutions. Moreover, the SEC could take accounting positions applicable to
our holding company that may be inconsistent with those taken by the OCC or
other regulators for the Bank. A significant challenge for us is to keep the
models and approaches we use to originate and manage loans updated to take into
account changes in the competitive environment, in real estate prices and other
collateral values, and in the economy, among other things, based on our
experience originating loans and servicing loan portfolios. Additional
information concerning credit risks and our management of them is set forth
under the captions “Credit Risk Management” beginning on page 37, “Foreclosure
Reserves” beginning on page
54, and “Allowance for Loan Losses” beginning on page 47, of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section
of our 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from
that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of
this report.

Insurance

          We
use insurance to manage a number of risks, including damage or destruction of
property, legal and other liability, and certain types of credit risks. Not all
such risks are insured, in any given insured situation our insurance may be
inadequate to cover all loss, and many risks we face are uninsurable. For those
risks that are insured, we also face the risks that the insurer may default on
its obligations or that the insurer may refuse to honor them. We treat the
former risk as a type of credit risk, which we manage by reviewing the insurers
that we use and by striving to use more than one insurer when feasible and
practical. The risk of refusal, whether due to honest disagreement or bad
faith, is inherent in any contractual situation.

          A
portion of our retail loan portfolio involves mortgage default insurance. If a
default insurer were to experience a significant credit downgrade or were to
become insolvent, that could adversely affect the carrying value of loans
insured by that company, which could result in an immediate increase in our
loan loss provision or write-down of the carrying value of those loans on our
balance sheet and, in either case, a corresponding impact on our financial
results. If many default insurers were to experience downgrades or insolvency
at the same time, the risk of a financial impact would be amplified and the
disruption to the default insurance industry could curtail our ability to
originate new loans that need such insurance, which would result in a loss of
business for us.

Risk From Economic Downturns and Changes 

          Delinquencies
and credit losses generally increase during economic downturns due to an
increase in liquidity problems for customers and downward pressure on
collateral values. Likewise, demand for 

20

loans (at a
given level of creditworthiness), deposit products, fixed income products, and
financial services may decline during an economic downturn, and may be
adversely affected by other national, regional, or local economic factors that
impact demand for loans and other financial products and services. Such factors
include, for example, changes in interest rates, real estate prices, or
expectations concerning rates or prices. Accordingly, an economic downturn or
other adverse economic change (local, regional, or national) can hurt our
financial performance in the form of higher loan losses, lower loan production
levels, lower deposit levels, and lower fees from transactions and services.
These risks are faced by all financial services companies. Additional
information illustrating these risks is given in “Recent Downturns and
Disruptions” beginning on page
28.

Hedge Risks

          In
the normal course of our businesses, including (among others) banking,
mortgage, and capital markets, we attempt to create partial or full economic
hedges of various, though not all, financial risks. Our hedging activities are
discussed in more detail in various places under the following captions of the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of
the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
7 of Part II of this report: “Risk Management,” beginning on page 29;
and, “Critical
Accounting Policies,” beginning on page 47. Hedging creates certain risks
for us, including the risk that the other party to the hedge transaction will
fail to perform (counterparty risk, which is a type of credit risk), and the
risk that the hedge will not fully protect us from loss as intended (hedge failure
risk). Unexpected counterparty failure or hedge failure could have a significant
adverse effect on our liquidity and earnings.

Reputation Risks 

          Our
ability to conduct and grow our businesses, and to obtain and retain customers,
is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our business practices and our
financial stability. Our reputation is, therefore, a key asset for us. Our
reputation is affected principally by our own practices and how those practices
are perceived and understood by others. Adverse perceptions regarding the
practices of our competitors, or our industry as a whole, also may adversely
impact our reputation. In addition, adverse perceptions relating to parties
with whom we have important relationships may adversely impact our reputation.
Senior management oversees processes for reputation risk monitoring,
assessment, and management.

          Damage
to our reputation could hinder our ability to access the capital markets or
otherwise impact our liquidity, could hamper our ability to attract new
customers and retain existing ones, could create or aggravate regulatory
difficulties, and could undermine our ability to attract and retain talented
employees, among other things. Adverse impacts on our reputation, or the
reputation of our industry, may also result in greater regulatory and/or
legislative scrutiny, which may lead to laws or regulations that change or
constrain our business or operations. Events that result in damage to our reputation
also may increase our litigation risk.

Operational Risks 

          Our
ability to conduct and grow our businesses is dependent in part upon our
ability to create and maintain an appropriate operational and organizational
infrastructure, manage expenses, and recruit and retain personnel with the
ability to manage a complex business. Operational risk can arise in many ways,
including: errors related to failed or inadequate processes; faulty or disabled
computer systems; fraud, theft, physical security breaches, electronic data and
related security breaches, or other criminal conduct by employees or third
parties; and exposure to other external events.

21

          In
addition, we outsource some of our operational functions to third parties.
Those third parties may experience similar errors or disruptions that could
adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control and, in some
cases, limited ability to quickly obtain an alternate vendor. To the extent we
increase our reliance on third party vendors to perform or assist operational
functions, the challenge of managing the associated risks becomes more
difficult. 

          For
example, in 2008 we sold our national mortgage origination and servicing
platforms. We retained significant servicing right assets, however, and we
continue to originate mortgage products in our regional banking markets in and
around Tennessee. Of practical necessity, we have outsourced our servicing
functions to the purchaser of our platforms, and we have outsourced many key
roles in the Tennessee-based mortgage origination process to a third party.
Managing the operational, compliance, reputational, liability, and other risks
associated with this level of outsourcing in those business areas is an ongoing
challenge for us.

          Failure
to build and maintain the necessary operational infrastructure, or failure of
our disaster preparedness plans if primary infrastructure components suffer
damage, can lead to risk of loss of service to customers, legal actions, and noncompliance
with applicable laws or regulatory standards. Operational risk is specifically
managed through internal monitoring, measurement, and assessment by line
management and oversight of processes by top management, and by maintaining
systems to adhere to regulatory guidance. Additional information concerning
operational risks and our management of them appears under the caption
“Operational Risk Management” beginning on page 37 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2008
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report.

Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks

          Management
of liquidity and related risks is a key function for our business. Additional
information concerning liquidity risk management is set forth under the caption
“Liquidity Management” beginning on page 32 of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section
of our 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from
that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of
this report.

          Our
funding requirements currently are met principally by deposits and financing
from other financial institutions. Historically we also depended upon financing
from institutional investors by means of the capital markets; however, in 2008
and continuing into early 2009 we have not been able to utilize those markets
economically, and we are not able to predict when we will be able to utilize
 them again. In general, the costs of our funding directly impact our costs
 of doing business and, therefore, can positively or negatively affect our
 financial results. 

          A
number of factors could make such funding more difficult, more expensive, or
unavailable on affordable terms, including, but not limited to, our financial
results, organizational changes, adverse impacts on our reputation, changes in
the activities of our business partners, disruptions in the capital markets,
specific events that adversely impact the financial services industry,
counterparty availability, changes affecting our loan portfolio or other
assets, changes affecting our corporate and regulatory structure, interest rate
fluctuations, ratings agency actions, general economic conditions, and the
legal, regulatory, accounting, and tax environments governing our funding
transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is strongly affected by
the general state of the U.S. and world economies and financial markets, and
may become or remain increasingly difficult due to economic and other factors
beyond our control. 

22

          Events
affecting interest rates, markets, and other factors which adversely impact our
ability or desire to access the capital markets for funding likewise may
adversely affect the demand for our services in our capital markets business.
As a result, disruptions in those areas may adversely impact our earnings in
that business unit as well as in our regional banking unit. For instance, the
disruptions in 2007 and 2008 that were related to mortgages and mortgage-backed
assets significantly reduced the demand for certain of our capital markets
products and services, and increased the costs and uncertainties associated
with our mortgage servicing portfolio.

          Rating
agencies assign credit ratings to issuers and their debt. In that role,
agencies directly affect the availability and cost of our funding. The
Corporation and the Bank currently receive ratings from several rating entities
for unsecured borrowings. A rating below investment grade typically reduces
availability and increases the cost of market-based funding. A debt rating of
Baa3 or higher by Moody’s Investors Service, or BBB- or higher by Standard
& Poor’s and Fitch Ratings, is considered investment grade for many
purposes. At the present time, all three rating agencies rate the unsecured
senior debt of the Corporation and the Bank as investment grade, although we
are at or near the lowest levels of that grade. To the extent that in the
future we depend on institutional borrowing and the capital markets for funding
and capital, we could experience reduced liquidity and increased cost of
funding if our debt ratings were lowered further, particularly if lowered below
investment grade. In addition, other actions by ratings agencies can create
uncertainty about our ratings in the future and thus can adversely affect the
cost and availability of funding, including placing us on negative outlook or
on watchlist. Please note that a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy,
sell, or hold securities, is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time, and
should be evaluated independently of any other rating.

          Regulatory
laws or rules that establish minimum capital levels or define risk-weighting
for capital, regulate deposit insurance, and govern related funding matters for
banks could be changed in a manner that could increase our overall cost of
capital and thus reduce our earnings.

          Before
we disposed of our national lending operations, we depended on our ability to
sell or securitize first- and second-lien mortgage loans and, prior to 2007,
home equity line of credit loans (which we refer to as HELOC), and we depended
upon our ability to sell mortgage servicing rights. Those actions involved the
sale of whole loans or of beneficial interests in loans. In 2007 the markets
for loans, loan securitizations, and servicing rights experienced significant
disruptions; additional information concerning that is presented in “Recent
Downturns and Disruptions” beginning on page __ of this report. Going forward,
our mortgage origination activity continues within our Tennessee-based regional
banking footprint. Most mortgages originated are processed, sold, and serviced
on a private-label basis through a third party under contract with us. However,
risks pertaining to our new loan originations, our retained loans and servicing
rights assets, and our former funding activities, continue. 

          When
we sold or securitized mortgage and HELOC loans, we sometimes did so with
varying degrees of recourse, which meant, in effect, that we retained some of
the risk for the loan if it defaulted. Generally we sold or securitized loans
with no recourse. A loan sold with recourse means the seller retains
substantial or full responsibility if it defaults. For a loan we sold without
recourse, we could still bear responsibility to the buyer in many cases if the
loan defaulted early or was paid off early (typically within the first 90
days), or if the loan did not conform to representations we made to the buyer
at the time of sale. At present, in those cases where we are responsible for a
loan for representation non-conformity, usually we satisfy our obligations to
the buyer by repurchase. Typically we had similar obligations for breach of
representation non-conformity, or early default, if the loan was included on a
non-recourse basis in a securitization transaction or if the transaction was a
sale of servicing rights. Loans repurchased for representation non-conformity
frequently involve default or fraud and therefore frequently result in losses
to us. We managed the risk of non-conformity through origination and
documentation controls and procedures, and through post-closing quality control
processes. In 2008 we experienced an increase in 

23

loan
repurchases for these reasons, particularly with respect to loans originated
under so-called ‘stated income’ procedures, and that increase could
continue throughout 2009. Management maintains a reserve for losses related to
loan repurchases due to both non-conformity and recourse obligations. Additional
information concerning these risks is set forth under the caption “Foreclosure
Reserves” beginning
on page 54 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2008
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report.

Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks

          A
significant portion of our business involves borrowing and lending money. Accordingly,
changes in interest rates directly impact our revenues and expenses, and
potentially could expand or compress our net interest margin. We actively
manage our balance sheet to control the risks of a reduction in net interest
margin brought about by ordinary fluctuations in rates. Additional information
concerning those risks and our management of them appears under the caption
“Interest Rate Risk Management” beginning on page 29 of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section
of our 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from
that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of
this report.

          Our
mortgage servicing rights (MSR) portfolio is affected by changes in interest
rates. Although we sold our mortgage servicing platform in 2008, at present we
still retain substantial MSR assets. The value of MSR assets declines when the
underlying loans are refinanced or otherwise paid early. Generally, when
interest rates increase, the value of MSR generally increases, and when rates
decline the value of MSR tends to decline. However, those general tendencies
 do not result in concrete outcomes in all circumstances; for example, a decrease
in interest rates does not always result in a predictable increase in
refinancings because other factors may blunt loan demand or curtail credit
availability. Additional information concerning those risks and our management
of them appears under the caption “Mortgage Servicing Rights and Other Related
Retained Interests” beginning on page 49 of the Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our
2008 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report.

          Like
all financial services companies, we face the risks associated with movements
in the yield curve. The yield curve simply shows the interest rates applicable
to short and long term debt. The curve is steep when short-term rates are much
lower than long-term rates; it is flat when short-term rates are equal, or
nearly equal, to long-term rates; and it is inverted when short-term rates
exceed long-term rates. Historically, the yield curve normally is positively
sloped. However, the yield curve can be relatively flat or inverted for
short or even protracted periods. A flat or inverted yield curve tends to
decrease net interest margin, and it tends to reduce demand for long-term debt
securities, adversely impacting the revenues of our capital markets business. A
prolonged inversion of the yield curve historically is so uncommon that it is
difficult to predict all the effects that such a market condition is reasonably
likely to create. One such effect upon us during a recent inversion period was
an overall increase in the cost of hedging MSR. This cost is
tied to factors including volatility in the market place, the shape of the
yield curve, product duration, risk tolerance and other effects which may
favorably or unfavorably impact hedging cost. 

          Expectations
by the market regarding the direction of future interest rate movements,
particularly long-term rates, can impact the demand for long-term debt which in
turn can impact the revenues of our capital markets business. That risk is most
apparent during times when strong expectations have not yet been reflected in
market rates, or when expectations are especially weak or uncertain.

24

Securities Inventories and Market Risks

          Our
capital markets business buys and sells various types of securities for its
institutional customers. In the course of that business we hold inventory
positions and are exposed to certain risks of market fluctuations. In addition,
we are exposed to credit risk and interest rate risk associated with debt
securities. We manage the risks of holding inventories of securities through
certain policies and procedures, including hedging activities related to certain
interest rate risks. Additional information concerning those risks and our
management of them appears under the caption “Market Risk Management” beginning
on page 36 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations
and Financial Condition section of our 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders,
which is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by
reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report, and in the “Credit Risks”
discussion beginning on page 20 of this report.

          In
addition, we earn fees and other income related to our brokerage business and
our management of assets for customers. Declines, disruptions, or precipitous
changes in markets or market prices can adversely affect those revenue sources.

Venture Capital Risks

          Venture
capital investments are inherently volatile. The companies in which we have
invested are much less mature, smaller, and much more unproven than a typical
public company. Accordingly, those investments carry a substantial risk of
loss. Venture capital investments also are inherently illiquid. Success in this
business can only be assessed in the long term and depends to a very large
extent upon the ability of management to find sound investment prospects,
negotiate financially appropriate investment terms, and oversee each investment
as the company uses the venture capital and develops. In the short term,
venture capital losses are not uncommon even if the business proves to be
successful in the long term. In 2008 we decided to begin winding down this
business; however, due to the illiquid nature of these investments, the
wind-down process could be lengthy.

Regulatory and Legal Risks 

          We
operate in a heavily regulated industry and therefore are subject to many
banking, deposit, insurance, insurance brokerage, securities brokerage and
underwriting, and consumer lending regulations in addition to the rules
applicable to all companies publicly traded in the U.S. securities markets and,
in particular, on the New York Stock Exchange. Failure to comply with
applicable regulations could result in financial, structural, and operational
penalties. In addition, efforts to comply with applicable regulations may
increase our costs and/or limit our ability to pursue certain business
opportunities. See “Supervision and Regulation” in Item 1 of this report,
beginning on page 4 above, for additional information concerning financial
industry regulations. Federal and state regulations significantly limit the
types of activities in which we, as a financial institution, may engage. In
addition, we are subject to a wide array of other regulations that govern other
aspects of how we conduct our business, such as in the areas of employment and
intellectual property. Federal and state legislative and regulatory authorities
occasionally consider changing these regulations or adopting new ones. Such
actions could limit the amount of interest or fees we can charge, could
restrict our ability to collect loans or realize on collateral, or could materially
affect us in other ways. Additional federal and state consumer protection
regulations also could expand the privacy protections afforded to customers of
financial institutions, restricting our ability to share or receive customer
information and increasing our costs. In addition, changes in accounting rules
can significantly affect how we record and report assets, liabilities,
revenues, expenses, and earnings.

25

          The
Bank is required to maintain certain regulatory capital levels and ratios, as
discussed under the caption “Capital Adequacy” beginning on page 6 of this
report. If the Bank experiences continuing financial losses, its ability to
meet those requirements could be adversely affected. Pressure to maintain
capital and capital ratios during times of financial loss, especially
protracted loss, may lead to actions that are adverse to our shareholders. Such
actions that have already occurred include the elimination of our common cash
dividend, the sale of our stock at a time when market prices are
disadvantageous, and a contraction of our balance sheet (involving sales or
other dispositions of assets or businesses) at a time when market values are
depressed. Further such actions could occur if losses continue or worsen.

          Some
state authorities from time to time have challenged, and on occasion continue
to challenge, the position of the OCC that it is the exclusive regulator of
various aspects of national banks or their operating subsidiaries. If one or
more of those challenges were successful, or if Congress or the OCC were to
change the applicable banking laws or regulations, we could be impacted
significantly, due, among other things, to possible increased regulatory
burdens, governmental and private party actions alleging non-compliance with
state law, and the expense of tracking and complying with the different laws
and regulations of those states in which we do business.

          In
addition, some local governments or agencies recently have claimed that certain
lenders in their communities have created a public nuisance, engaged in
predatory or discriminatory lending, or otherwise are liable for the alleged
consequences of inappropriate consumer lending, especially home mortgage
lending. Mass claims of this sort, where alleged damages are measured on a
statistical and/or city-wide basis, create litigation costs immediately and
create a risk of significant litigation losses for those lenders which are
named as defendants in them. Moreover, claims of this sort adversely alter the business
climate and raise the costs for all lenders, both in the communities involved
and in similar communities across the country.

          In
2008 the U.S. Congress enacted the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of
2008, sometimes known as EESA. Under authority of EESA the U.S. Department of
the Treasury has initiated a Capital Purchase Program, sometimes referred to as
the CPP, which has been implemented in conjunction with the U.S. banking
regulators. Under the CPP, the Treasury has purchased preferred stock from
approved financial institutions upon terms and conditions set by the Treasury,
and in late 2008 the Treasury purchased preferred stock from us. Additional
information concerning our participation in the CPP and a debt guarantee
program appears in “EESA Legislation and TARP Participation” beginning on page
9 of this report. Other significant programs are expected to be implemented
under EESA, and EESA may be expanded or supplemented by additional legislation.
EESA and its announced programs are broad, large, and largely untested. These
programs create risks that did not exist previously. Among others, those risks
include: whether participation in any of these programs will expose us to
intrusive, expensive, or counterproductive government mandates or restrictions;
whether failure to participate in any particular program, especially if many
competitors do participate, will put us in a disadvantageous position; and,
whether the programs as a whole will have significant unintended or unexpected effects
on the financial services industry as a whole, or upon regional financial
services companies in particular.

          We
also face litigation risks from customers, employees, vendors, contractual
parties, and other persons, either singly or in class actions, and from federal
or state regulators. Litigation is an unavoidable part of doing business, and
we seek to manage those risks through internal controls, personnel training,
insurance, litigation management, our compliance and ethics processes, and other
means. However, the commencement, outcome, and magnitude of litigation cannot
be predicted or controlled with certainty.

26

Holding Company Dividends

          Historically
the Corporation has depended upon common dividends from the Bank for cash to
fund common dividends paid to the Corporation’s shareholders. However, in
part because of the losses experienced by the Bank for 2007 and 2008,
regulatory constraints generally will prevent the Bank from declaring and paying
dividends to the Corporation in 2009 without regulatory approval. Additional
information concerning those regulatory restrictions on the Bank is discussed
in more detail under the heading “Liquidity
Management” in
the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section beginning on page 32 of
our 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders, which section is incorporated herein
by reference. In 2008 the Corporation discontinued paying a quarterly cash
dividend to common stockholders, and began distributing a dividend payable in
shares of common stock. As a CPP participant under EESA, we will not be able
to reinstate a common cash dividend unless we obtain regulatory consent, among
other things. Additional information concerning our participation in the CPP
appears in “EESA Legislation and TARP Participation” beginning on page
9 of this report.

Accounting Estimate Risks

          The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Two of our most
critical estimates are the level of the allowance for credit losses and the
valuation of mortgage servicing rights. However, other estimates occasionally
become highly significant, especially in volatile situations such as litigation
and other loss contingency matters. Estimates are made at specific points in
time; as actual events unfold, estimates are adjusted accordingly. Due to the
inherent nature of these estimates, it is possible that, at some time in the
future, we may significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or
sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided
allowance, or we may recognize a significant provision for impairment of our
mortgage servicing rights, goodwill, or other assets, or we may recognize a significant
decline in the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights, or we may make some
other adjustment that will differ materially from the estimates that we make
today. For additional information concerning the sensitivity of these
estimates, refer to “Critical Accounting Policies” beginning on page
47 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders.

Risks of Expense Control 

          Expenses
and other costs directly affect our earnings. Our ability to successfully
manage expenses is important to our long-term survival. Many factors can
influence the amount of our expenses, as well as how quickly they grow. As our
businesses change, either by expansion or contraction, additional expenses can
arise from asset purchases, structural reorganization, evolving business
strategies, and changing regulations, among other things. We manage expense
growth and risk through a variety of means, including selectively outsourcing
or multi-sourcing various functions and procurement coordination and processes.

Geographic Risks

          Our
capital markets business is national in scope, and capital markets is
developing business in selected Asian markets. Our traditional banking
business remains grounded in, and depends upon, the major Tennessee markets. As
a result, to a greater degree than many of our competitors that operate
nationally or in much broader regions, our banking business currently is
exposed to adverse economic, regulatory, natural disaster, and other risks that
might primarily impact Tennessee and neighboring states where we do business.

27

Non-U.S. Operations Risks

          We
have two capital markets offices outside of the United States, in Hong Kong and
Tokyo. Opening and operating non-U.S. offices creates a number of risks.
Specific risks associated with any non-U.S. presence include: the risk that
taxes, licenses, fees, prohibitions, and other barriers and constraints may be
created or increased by the U.S. or other countries that would impact our
ability to operate overseas profitably or at all; the risk that our assets and
operations in a particular country could be nationalized in whole or part
without adequate compensation; the risk that currency exchange rates could move
unfavorably so as to diminish or destroy the U.S. dollar value of assets, or to
enlarge the U.S. dollar value of liabilities, denominated in those currencies;
and the risk that political or cultural preferences in a particular host country
might become antagonistic to U.S. companies. Our ability to manage those and
other risks will depend upon a number of factors, including: our ability to
recognize and anticipate differences in cultural and other expectations
applicable to customers, employees, regulators, and vendors and other business
partners; our ability to recognize and act upon opportunities and constraints
peculiar to the countries and cultures in which our offices operate; our
ability to recognize and manage any exchange rate risks to which we are
exposed; and our ability to anticipate the stability of or changes in the
political, legal, and monetary systems of the countries in which our offices
operate. 

Recent Downturns and Disruptions

          In
2007 and 2008 the U.S. economy in general, and the business environment for
financial services companies in particular, experienced a significant downturn.
Examples of some of the most significant events related to the downturn include
the following:

●

Residential
 housing values in the U.S. have fallen in nearly every market, and in some
 highly-populated markets values have fallen significantly.

●

The volume
 of residential housing transactions also has stagnated or fallen, and in some
 markets volume has fallen significantly.

●

Except for
 “conforming loans,” which are loan products conforming to standards of
 certain government sponsored entities, rates for some types of home mortgage
 products have risen sharply and some mortgage products, with new and more
 restrictive credit criteria, have become difficult for borrowers to
 obtain even at high interest rates, making it difficult or impossible for
 some borrowers to refinance an existing mortgage. 

●

In 2007
 investor demand for new-issue mortgage-backed securities fluctuated suddenly
 and sharply, and for some categories of mortgages it disappeared almost
 entirely. Although this disruption moderated somewhat in 2008, demand for
 new-issue non-conforming mortgage-backed securities has not rebounded and
 seems unlikely to do so for the foreseeable future.

●

Many
 companies in the U.S. in many sectors of the economy have reported financial
 losses or significant reductions in earnings during 2008. Banks and other
 companies in the financial services industry have, in general, been
 especially hard hit. A number of banks failed, or were acquired under
 circumstances of substantial financial stress, in 2008.

●

In 2008 the
 principal outlets for home mortgages in the U.S., the so-called
 government-sponsored entities (GSEs), failed financially and were, in effect,
 taken over by the federal government. Substantial new legislation was enacted
 during 2008 which changed how the GSEs operate and are regulated. Although by
 the end of 2008 the function of the GSEs as a buyer of so-called conforming
 mortgages was continuing, the current situation may be transitional and it is
 not clear what the status or function of the GSEs will be in the future.

●

Unemployment
 has risen in the latter half of 2008 as some companies have failed and others
 have reduced their staff.

●

Because of
 these factors, among others, loan defaults, foreclosures, and bankruptcies
 have risen significantly for individuals and businesses.

28

●

The U.S.
 Congress enacted sweeping legislation late in 2008, the EESA law mentioned
 above, under which the Department of the Treasury has invested substantial
 amounts of capital in banks, including us, and under which government
 agencies have substantial new powers. At December 31, 2008 EESA had not yet
 been fully implemented; additional programs could be adopted with unknown
 consequences to us.

●

Early in
 2009 Congress amended the EESA law, enacted a major economic stimulus and spending
 law, and is considering specific additional legislation. Members of Congress
 have publicly spoken of still other possible legislative actions. Some of
 those measures could, if enacted, have a substantially larger impact on us
 than EESA and some could have a substantial adverse effect on our business,
 operations, and prospects.

●

A U.S.
 government agency has taken a substantial, possibly a controlling, stake in
 an American insurance holding company. There has been public speculation that
 a U.S. government agency could take a similar position in one or more large
 U.S. banking institutions, rather than let the institution(s) fail. The government’s
 indefinite control and operation of such companies would be, in effect, the
 ‘nationalization’ of the affected companies. In addition, the government
 could exercise control over, or very powerfully influence, the banking and
 other institutions that receive government aid without completely
 nationalizing them. The competitive and financial impacts upon us of such
 actions, whether they applied to us directly or only to certain competing
 institutions, cannot be predicted but could be significantly adverse to us. 

●

The Federal
 Reserve has lowered certain short-term interest rates. This has triggered
 reductions in the prime lending rates charged by most U.S. banks and in some
 cases has adversely affected the net interest margins that banks achieve.

          Some
geographic areas and business sectors, and some companies and banks, were hurt
more than others, or experienced the downturn at different rates or different
times. However, by the end of 2008 it is clear that the many and varied
significant events of 2007 and 2008 have become a general and serious economic
recession. At this time it is not known, and not possible to predict, how long
or deep this downturn ultimately will be. Although these adverse events did not
create new types of risks, we believe it is useful to highlight in this section
some of the key impacts of those events on our business to illustrate how
events beyond our control can adversely affect us.

          Exit
from National Mortgage and Specialty Lending Businesses

          Many
of the significant disruptions in 2007 and 2008 impacted our mortgage
businesses substantially. We decided to exit those businesses except in our
traditional Tennessee-based banking region. In August 2008 we sold our mortgage
origination and servicing platforms to MetLife Bank N.A., and during the year
we exited the national specialty lending businesses associated with the
mortgage business.

          Substantial
Increase in Losses Related to Loans and Exited Businesses

          Although
we sold or closed our national mortgage and other lending businesses, we retain
as assets many of the loans that those businesses created which we did not sell, or were not able to sell,
in the normal course. Most of those loans are secured by residential or other
real estate situated across the U.S. We also retain a substantial portion of
the mortgage servicing rights that we previously serviced, we retain the hedge
positions that we obtained to manage certain risks related to those servicing
rights, and we retain the risk of liability to parties with whom we made
contracts in the course of operating those businesses. These legacy assets and
positions continue to impose risks on us. For example:

29

●

The loans on
 our books have experienced significantly higher default and loss rates compared to recent years past. For
 example, due to declining home values, home loans secured on a second-lien
 basis in some cases have little or no collateral value to cover the loan if
 it defaults. Accordingly, a default on such a loan today will result in a
 much higher loss than would have resulted previously. It is not possible to
 predict when default and loss rates will stabilize. 

●

The incidence
 of parties claiming that loans that we sold to them did not meet contractual
 standards has risen recently. That trend may continue as parties seek to
 mitigate losses they experienced while holding those loans by any means
 possible.

●

The incidence
 of counterparty loss on hedges, swaps, and other such instruments may rise as
 those counterparties experience financial stress or failure.

Other trends
adverse to us may emerge from these legacy assets and positions as
counterparties are stressed by economic conditions, and of course some of these
impacts apply to continuing businesses. Over time those losses and risks
related to legacy items should diminish since there will be many fewer new
loans and new contracts, but it is not possible to predict when that may occur.

          Our
other lending businesses remain in place, and we are constantly seeking ways to
prudently expand them. We are experiencing a significant increase in default
and loss rates in most of those products as well, and demand for new loans has
diminished somewhat as business activity in general has become more subdued. We
have made adjustments to our underwriting, credit review, and loss mitigation
processes and we will continue to seek ways to manage risk and minimize loss;
however, we remain in the business of lending and that business carries more
risk at present than it has in recent years past. That higher level of risk
could increase further, and in any case that risk is likely to continue at an
elevated level at least until the economy improves to a significant extent.

          We
regularly review and adjust the allowance for loan losses for adequacy
considering economic conditions and trends, collateral values and credit
quality indicators, including past charge-off experience and levels of past due
loans and nonperforming assets as well as changes in housing price appreciation
and depreciation. Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex
and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are
inherently uncertain. That process was made significantly more difficult in
2008, as changes in business and economic conditions required us to adjust and
re-adjust our methods. If the credit quality of our customer base continues to
materially weaken, if the risk profile of a market, industry or group of
customers continues to change materially, or if the allowance for loan losses
for any reason is not adequate, our financial condition or results of
operations could be adversely affected. 

          Decrease
in Business Activities

          The
slowdown has reduced business activity, including activity which we finance by
making loans and activity from which we earn fee revenues. Some activities have
fallen off substantially, notably (for us) certain capital markets structured
finance activities. All of these impacts reduce our revenues and our
opportunities for new business.

          Net
Interest Margin Compression

          Falling
interest rates in the U.S. could stimulate new demand for consumer and business
loans and business activity in general. However, falling rates could also
compress our net interest margin, which would negatively affect our financial
results. Moreover, that compression could occur whether or not our loan or
other businesses experienced any significant stimulus.

30

          Deposit
run-off risks

          As
mentioned under “Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks” beginning
on page 22 above, we rely significantly upon deposits for liquidity and to fund
our business operations. Generally, deposits are a relatively stable and
cost-effective source of funding for banks due to many factors, including FDIC
deposit insurance. Changes in deposit levels can be influenced substantially
by many factors, including customer satisfaction and the interest rates offered
to deposit customers. Those rates, in turn, generally reflect prevailing market
conditions. During 2008, the media occasionally highlighted the risk of an
extreme form of deposit run-off, sometimes referred to as a ‘run on the
bank.’
More moderate levels of run-off can adversely affect banks but are
substantially less dramatic and have been significantly less reported. The
increased level of public concern created by the current adverse business
environment, punctuated by media reports of potential or actual bank failures,
increased the risk of some level of deposit run-off for all depositary
institutions in 2008. That increased run-off risk applies both generally and
in relation to deposits that exceed FDIC insurance coverage. Although late in
2008 FDIC insurance coverage levels were increased and actual run-off activity
was mitigated, this risk nevertheless is likely to continue at some elevated
level until the economic situation becomes more stable. To manage this risk we
maintain cash reserves and access to other liquidity sources to accommodate normal
and, to a degree, unusual withdrawal activity, and we strive to respond promptly
and accurately to customer concerns that might arise.

          Potential
regulatory and legislative actions may adversely affect mortgage assets 

          The
U.S. Congress and other governmental bodies have considered, and in the future
may enact or adopt, new laws and regulations intended to modify the terms of
outstanding consumer loans in a manner benefiting borrowers at the expense of
lenders, restrict the ability of lenders to make new loans, and increase the
regulatory burdens and legal risks on lenders and loan servicers. Among other
things these
initiatives, if enacted or adopted, could pressure or force us to reduce the
interest and/or principal of loans, delay foreclosure, provide new defenses to
foreclosure or otherwise impair our ability to foreclose on a defaulted
mortgage loan, adversely affect our rights if a borrower declares bankruptcy,
or otherwise adversely affect our rights with respect to borrowers who are in
default or who qualify for such initiatives. The outcome of these initiatives
is uncertain.

          Recovery Act Risks

          In
 February 2009, shortly before this Report was filed, the U.S. Congress enacted
 the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (the “Recovery Act”).  Additional
 information concerning the Recovery Act is provided in “EESA
Legislation & TARP Participation,” particularly the last paragraph of
that section on page 11 of this report. Among other things, the Recovery
Act generally prohibits incentive compensation, including bonus and retention
awards, for the five executives whose compensation is described in detail in
our proxy statement (the “named executives”) and for the twenty employees,
excluding the named executives, whose total compensation is the highest (the “Highest
20”). This restriction on incentives would cease to apply once all of the
preferred stock that we sold to the Treasury is redeemed. Many interpretive
questions related to the compensation provisions remain unresolved at this early
time. The Recovery Act has created several new risks for us and for other institutions
that sold preferred stock to the Treasury, including the following:

●

Pay Substantially Less Linked to Performance. The restriction on incentive
compensation in the Recovery Act may adversely affect our ability to attract, retain, and motivate our highest
performing employees, and therefore may adversely affect our business. Historically, we have embraced a
pay-for-performance philosophy for employees at many levels of the company. The restriction on incentives
may substantially de-link pay from performance for our named executives and for those employees who are in
the Highest 20 group. For those de-linked persons salary is likely to become the largest component of their
compensation package. It is uncertain how a salary-dominated pay structure for those persons might affect our
overall performance during the period in which the restriction applies to us. We believe that strongly
linking significant components of pay to performance, particularly at the highest levels, benefits the company
and its shareholders, and that the de-linking described above is likely to be disruptive to that philosophy at
those levels and contrary to the company’s best interests.

●

Risks if We Desire to Redeem the Preferred.

 One way to avoid or mitigate the risks outlined above would be to redeem the preferred shares we sold to the Treasury as soon as possible. However, any redemption would reduce our capital and we cannot redeem stock unless our Board and our regulators conclude it is consistent with safety, soundness, and other corporate and regulatory considerations. Those considerations could constrain our ability to redeem the preferred shares, especially in the short term, unless we create or raise an acceptable amount of replacement capital. Creating new capital typically relies upon retaining earnings. Raising new capital could be significantly dilutive to existing shareholders, especially under current market conditions, and it may not be
feasible if, at the time we wish to go to market, the market is disrupted or perceives us unfavorably.

●

Interest Rates and Other Economic Changes.

 The Recovery Act will result in a substantial increase in government expenditures and could substantially increase government debt. It is not clear how those events will affect interest rates or the inflation rate, among other things, but both could rise as a result of the Act. As mentioned above, our businesses are very sensitive to changes in interest rates and sudden changes in rates often have had an adverse effect on us and other financial services companies. In addition, increased interest rates tend to dampen economic activity; if rates were sustained at relatively high levels the current economic recession could be prolonged or deepened, which would adversely affect our customers and us.