This
item outlines specific risks that could affect the ability of our various
businesses to compete, change our risk profile, or eventually impact our
financial results. The risks we face generally are similar to those
experienced, to varying degrees, by all financial services companies. 

          Our
strategies and management’s ability to react to changing competitive and
economic environments have enabled us historically to compete effectively and
manage risks to acceptable levels. However, our operating environment continues
to evolve and new risks continue to emerge. To address that challenge we have
established an enterprise-wide risk management committee that oversees
processes for monitoring evolving risks and oversees various initiatives
designed to manage and control our potential exposure. 

          We
have outlined potential risk factors below that we presently believe could be
important to us; however, other risks may prove to be important in the future.
New risks may emerge at any time and we cannot predict with certainty all
potential developments which could affect our financial performance. The
following discussion highlights potential risks which could intensify over time
or shift dynamically in a way that might change our risk profile. In addition
to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report (including the material
incorporated into this report), among the factors that could cause our future
results to differ materially from our past results and from expectations are
those discussed in this item. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

          This
report, including materials incorporated into it, may contain forward-looking
statements with respect to our beliefs, plans, goals, expectations, and estimates.
Forward-looking statements are statements that are not a representation of
historical information but rather are related to future operations, 

14

strategies,
financial results or other developments. The words “believe,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “should,” “is likely,” “will,”
“going
forward,” and other expressions that indicate future events and trends identify
forward-looking statements. 

          Forward-looking
statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are
inherently subject to significant business, operational, economic and
competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond any
company’s control, and many of which, with respect to future business decisions
and actions (including acquisitions and divestitures), are subject to change.
Examples of uncertainties and contingencies include, among other important
factors: general and local economic and business conditions; expectations of
and actual timing and amount of interest rate movements, including the slope of
the yield curve, which can have a significant impact on a financial services
institution; market and monetary fluctuations; inflation or deflation; customer
and investor responses to these conditions; the financial condition of
borrowers and other counterparties; competition within and outside the
financial services industry; geopolitical developments including possible
terrorist activity; natural disasters; effectiveness of our hedging practices;
technology; demand for our product offerings; new products and services in the
industries in which we operate; and critical accounting estimates. Other
factors are those inherent in originating, selling, and servicing loans
including prepayment risks, pricing concessions, fluctuation in U.S. housing
prices, fluctuation of collateral values, and changes in customer profiles.
Additionally, the actions of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the
Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB), the Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency (OCC), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(Federal Reserve), Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), and other
regulators; regulatory, administrative, and judicial proceedings and changes in
laws and regulations applicable to us; and our success in executing our
business plans and strategies and managing the risks involved in the foregoing,
could cause actual results to differ. 

          We
assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements that are made in
this report or in any other statement, release, report, or filing from time to
time. Actual results could differ because of one or more factors, including
those presented below, in other sections of this report, or in material
incorporated by reference into this report. Readers of this report should
carefully consider the factors discussed in this Item below, among others, in
evaluating forward-looking statements and assessing our prospects. 

Competition Risks 

          Like
all financial services companies, we compete for customers. Our primary areas
of competition include: retail and commercial deposits and bank loans, wealth
management, home mortgage loans and lines of credit, mortgage servicing,
capital markets products and services, and other consumer and business
financial products and services. Our competitors in these areas include
national, state, and non-US banks, savings and loan associations, credit
unions, consumer finance companies, trust companies, investment counseling
firms, money market and other mutual funds, insurance companies and agencies,
securities firms, mortgage banking companies, and other financial services
companies that serve the markets which we serve. We expect that competition
will continue to grow more intense with respect to most of our products and
services. For additional information regarding competition for customers, refer
to the “Competition” heading of Part I, Item 1 beginning on page 12 of this
report. 

          While
we face competition for customers, we also compete for financial capital (see
“Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks” beginning on page 19 of this report)
and to acquire and retain the human capital we need to thrive. Labor markets
change over time; the segments of that market most useful to us may contract with
demographic shifts relating to age, birth rates, education levels, geography,
local or regional economic conditions, and other factors. Some of the keys to
our ability to manage our competitive challenges are: 

15

•

Our leading
 position in many of our markets and business lines 

•

Our
 historical growth and retention of consumer and business customers 

•

Historically
 strong employee value and loyalty ratings and national workplace recognition
 resulting in attraction and retention of high performing employees 

Using those
factors and others, we have focused on the delivery of products and services in
a manner that maximizes the value our customers obtain from their relationships
with us, and we have developed strategies that have enabled us to gain market
share in our targeted markets over time. We also have developed strategies to
attract customers and talent that are displaced when competitors merge. 

Growth and Disposition Risks 

          Every
organization faces risks associated with growth. Our growth in recent years has
resulted primarily from a combination of: our expansion strategy in banking;
acquisition of customers from competitors that have merged with each other; and
targeted non-bank business acquisitions. In 2007 we modified our growth
strategy in response to substantial and rapid changes in business conditions
and to take advantage of certain opportunities. 

          Although
our growth strategy is expected to evolve as business conditions continue to
change, at present our strategy has two primary components: to invest capital
and other resources in our current Tennessee-based retail/commercial banking
market footprints; and to continue to expand our capital markets business into
a broader range of products, services, and customers. In any case in 2008
growth is expected to be coordinated with a focus on stronger and more stable
returns on capital. Our growth has been and at present continues to be
primarily organic rather than through substantial acquisitions. We believe that
the successful execution of our growth strategy depends upon a number of key
elements, including: 

•

our ability
 to attract and retain banking customers in our Tennessee market areas; 

•

in our
 capital markets business, our ability to successfully identify and exploit
 opportunities for new products and services, and for new customers, in the US
 and overseas, while at the same time maintaining or strengthening our
 existing customer relationships in that business;

•

our ability
 to develop and retain profitable customer relationships while expanding our
 existing information processing, technology, and other operational
 infrastructures effectively and efficiently; and

•

our ability
 to manage the liquidity and capital requirements associated with organic
 growth. 

We have in
place a number of strategies designed to achieve each of those elements. Our
challenge is to execute those strategies and adjust them as conditions change. 

          To
the extent we engage in bank or non-bank business acquisitions, we face various
risks associated with that practice, including: 

•

our ability
 to identify, analyze, and correctly assess the contingent risks in the
 acquisition and to price the transaction appropriately;

•

our ability
 to integrate the acquired company into our operations quickly and
 cost-effectively;

•

our ability
 to integrate the name recognition and goodwill of the acquired company with
 our own; and,

•

our ability
 to retain customers and key employees of the acquired company. 

16

          At
times a company must consider disposing of or otherwise exiting businesses or
units that no longer fit into management’s plans for the future. Key risks
associated with dispositions, including closures, include: 

•

our ability
 to price a sale transaction appropriately and otherwise negotiate appropriate
 terms;

•

our ability
 to identify and implement key customer and other transition actions to avoid
 or minimize negative effects on retained businesses;

•

our ability
 to assess and manage any loss of synergies that the disposed or exited
 business had with our retained businesses; and

•

our ability
 to manage capital, liquidity, and other challenges that may arise in the
 event of a closure or other disposition that results in significant
 cash expenditures or a financial loss to us. 

Credit Risks 

          Like
all other lenders, we face the risk that our customers may not repay their
loans and that the realizable value of collateral may be insufficient to avoid
a loss. In our business some level of credit loss is unavoidable and overall
levels of credit loss can vary over time. Our ability to manage credit risks
depends primarily upon our ability to assess the creditworthiness of customers
and the value of collateral, including real estate. We control credit risk by
diversifying our loan portfolio and managing its granularity, and by recording
and managing an allowance for expected loan losses based on the factors
mentioned above and in accordance with applicable accounting rules. We also
record loan charge-offs in accordance with accounting and regulatory guidelines
and rules. These guidelines and rules could change and cause charge-offs to
increase for reasons related or unrelated to the underlying performance of our portfolio;
such changes by the OCC and other banking agencies have been common in recent
years. This risk is shared with all financial institutions. Moreover, the SEC
could take accounting positions applicable to our holding company that may be
inconsistent with those taken by the OCC or other regulators for the Bank. The
models and approaches we use to originate and manage loans are regularly
updated to take into account changes in the competitive environment, in real
estate prices and other collateral values, and in the economy, among other
things, based on our experience originating loans and servicing loan
portfolios. Additional information concerning credit risks and our management
of them is set forth under the captions “Credit Risk Management” beginning on
page 34, “Foreclosure Reserves” beginning on page 47, and “Allowance for Loan
Losses” beginning on page 48, of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2007 Annual Report
to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been
incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. 

Insurance

          We
 use insurance to manage a number of risks, including damage or destruction
 of property, legal and other liability, and certain types of credit risks.
 Not all such risks are insured, in any given insured situation our insurance
 may be inadequate to cover all loss, and many risks we face are uninsurable.
 For those risks that are insured, we also face the risk that the insurer
 may default on its obligations or refuse to honor them. We treat the former
 risk as a type of credit risk, which we manage by reviewing the insurers
 that we use and by striving to use more than one insurer when feasible and
practical. The latter risk is inherent in any contractual situation.

          A portion of our retail loan portfolio involves mortgage default insurance. If a default insurer were to experience a significant credit downgrade or were to become insolvent, that could adversely affect the carrying value of loans insured by that company, which could result in an immediate increase in our loan loss provision or write-down of the carrying value of those loans on our balance sheet and, in either case, a corresponding impact on our financial results. If many default insurers were to experience downgrades or insolvency at the same time, the risk of a financial impact would be amplified and the disruption to the default insurance industry could curtail our ability to originate new loans that need such insurance, which would result in a loss of business for us.

Risk From Economic Downturns and Changes 

          Delinquencies
and credit losses generally increase during economic downturns due to an
increase in liquidity problems for customers and downward pressure on
collateral values. Likewise, demand for loans (at a given level of
creditworthiness), deposit products, fixed income products, and financial
services may decline during an economic downturn, and may be adversely affected
by other national, regional, or local economic factors that impact demand for
loans and other financial products and services such as (for example) changes
in interest rates, real estate prices, or expectations concerning rates or
prices. Accordingly, an economic downturn or other adverse economic change
(local, regional, or national) can hurt our financial performance in the form
of higher loan losses, lower loan production levels, lower deposit levels, and
lower fees from transactions and services. These risks are faced by all
financial services companies and we have in place processes and tools that we
believe allow us to monitor and manage those risks. 

17

Hedge Risks 

          In
the normal course of our businesses, including (among others) banking,
mortgage, and capital markets, we attempt to create partial or full economic
hedges of various, though not all, financial risks. We do that primarily by
using derivative instruments or by engaging in business activities that we
believe are countercyclical to the risks at issue. Our hedging activities are
discussed in more detail in various places under the following captions of the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of
the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
7 of Part II of this report: “Risk Management,” beginning on page 27; and,
“Critical Accounting Policies,” beginning on page 42. Hedging creates certain
risks for us, including the risk that the other party to the hedge transaction
will fail to perform (counterparty risk, which is a type of credit risk), and
the risk that the hedge will not fully protect us from loss as intended (hedge
failure risk). Although we actively manage those risks, unexpected counterparty
failure or hedge failure could have a significant adverse effect on our
liquidity and earnings. 

Reputation Risks 

          Our
ability to conduct and grow our businesses, and to obtain and retain customers,
is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our business practices and our
financial stability. Our reputation is, therefore, a key asset for us. Our
reputation is affected principally by our own practices and how those practices
are perceived and understood by others. Adverse perceptions regarding the
practices of our competitors, or our industry as a whole, also may adversely
impact our reputation. In addition, adverse perceptions relating to parties
with whom we have important relationships may adversely impact our reputation. 

          Damage
to our reputation could hinder our ability to access the capital markets or
otherwise impact our liquidity, could hamper our ability to attract new
customers and retain existing ones, could create or aggravate regulatory
difficulties, and could undermine our ability to attract and retain talented
employees, among other things. Adverse impacts on our reputation, or the
reputation of our industry, may also result in greater regulatory and/or
legislative scrutiny, which may lead to laws or regulations that change or
constrain our business or operations. Events that result in damage to our
reputation also may increase our litigation risk. 

          As
with all other risks, we actively devote significant resources to safeguard our
reputation. Senior management oversees processes for reputation risk
monitoring, assessment, and management. 

Operational Risks 

          Our
ability to conduct and grow our businesses is dependent in part upon our
ability to create and maintain an appropriate operational and organizational
infrastructure, manage expenses, and recruit and retain personnel with the
ability to manage an increasingly complex business. Operational risk can arise
in many ways, including: errors related to failed or inadequate processes;
faulty or disabled computer systems; fraud, theft, physical security breaches,
electronic data and related security breaches, or other criminal conduct by
employees or third parties; and exposure to other external events. 

          In
addition, we outsource some of our operational functions to third parties.
Those third parties may experience similar errors or disruptions that could
adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control and, in some
cases, limited ability to quickly obtain an alternate vendor. To the extent we
increase our reliance on third party vendors to perform or assist operational
functions, the challenge of managing the associated risks becomes more
difficult. 

18

          Failure
to build and maintain the necessary operational infrastructure, or failure of
our disaster preparedness plans if primary infrastructure components suffer
damage, can lead to risk of loss of service to customers, legal actions, or
noncompliance with applicable laws or regulatory standards. Operational risk is
specifically managed through internal monitoring, measurement, and assessment
by line management and oversight of processes by top management. Operational
risk also is mitigated by following regulatory guidance. Additional information
concerning operational risks and our management of them appears under the
caption “Operational Risk Management” beginning on page 34 of the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition
section of our 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the
material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7
of Part II of this report. 

Financing, Funding, and Liquidity Risks 

          Management
of liquidity and related risks is a key function for our business. Additional
information concerning liquidity risk management is set forth under the caption
“Liquidity Management” beginning on page 30 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2007
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that
has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. 

          Our
funding requirements currently are met principally by deposits, financing from
other financial institutions, and financing from institutional investors by
means of the capital markets. In general, the costs of our funding directly
impact our costs of doing business and, therefore, can positively or negatively
affect our financial results. 

          A
number of factors could make such funding more difficult, more expensive, or
unavailable on affordable terms, including, but not limited to, our financial
results, organizational changes, adverse impacts on our reputation, changes in
the activities of our business partners, disruptions in the capital markets,
specific events that adversely impact the financial services industry,
counterparty availability, changes affecting our loan portfolio or other
assets, changes affecting our corporate and regulatory structure, interest rate
fluctuations, ratings agency actions, general economic conditions, and the
legal, regulatory, accounting, and tax environments governing our funding
transactions. In addition, our ability to raise funds is strongly affected by
the general state of the U.S. and world economies and financial markets, and
may become increasingly difficult due to economic and other factors beyond our
control. 

          To
a certain degree we depend on our ability to sell or securitize first and
second mortgage loans and, in the past, home equity line of credit loans (which
we refer to as HELOC). Those actions involve the sale of whole loans or of
beneficial interests in loans. Although the market for loans traditionally has
been substantial, if it experiences disruptions we may be unable to sell or
securitize our mortgage or HELOC loans at favorable or profitable pricing
levels, or at all. If we are unable to continue to sell or securitize our
loans, we seek alternative funding sources to fund loan originations and meet
our other liquidity needs. If we are unable to find cost-effective and stable
alternatives, that failure can negatively impact our liquidity and can
potentially increase our cost of funds and lower our loan growth. Moreover,
such disruptions: (i) can force us to significantly and disadvantageously
change our loan products and product mix; (ii) can temporarily or indefinitely
reduce our loan origination flow and the resulting revenues; and, (iii) as to
loans originated prior to such disruptions, can result in our selling such
loans at an immediate loss or our keeping them on our balance sheet or both.
Keeping pre-disruption loans on our balance sheet can adversely impact our
liquidity and capital ratios, and can expose us to losses both immediately and
later due to the effects of accounting rules that require us to adjust certain
loan values to the lower of cost or market (sometimes referred to as a LOCOM
adjustment). Disruptions of this sort in 

19

fact occurred
in 2007, as did many of the impacts outlined above; see “Recent Downturns and
Disruptions” beginning on page 24 of this report for further information. 

          Events
affecting interest rates, markets, and other factors which adversely impact our
ability or desire to access the capital markets for funding likewise may
adversely affect the demand for our services in our capital markets business. As
a result, disruptions in those areas may adversely impact our earnings in that
business unit as well as in our retail/commercial banking and mortgage banking
units. For instance, the disruptions in 2007 that were primarily related to
mortgages and mortgage-backed assets significantly reduced the current demand
for certain of our capital markets products and services, and increased the
costs and uncertainties associated with our mortgage servicing business.

          When
we sell or securitize mortgage and HELOC loans, we sometimes do with varying
degrees of recourse, which means, in effect, that we retain some of the risk
for the loan if it defaults. In many instances we sell or securitize loans with
no recourse. A loan sold with recourse generally means we retain substantial or
full responsibility if it defaults. For a loan sold with no recourse, we could
still bear responsibility to the buyer in many cases if the loan defaults early
or is paid off early (typically within the first 90 days), or if the loan does
not conform to representations we made to the buyer at the time of sale. In
those cases usually we would satisfy our obligations to the buyer by repurchase
or substitution of an eligible loan. Typically we have similar obligations for
breach of representations or warranties, or early default, if the loan is
included on a non-recourse basis in a securitization transaction. We manage the
early default risk through our credit review processes, and we manage the risk
of non-conformity through origination and documentation controls and
procedures, and through post-closing quality control processes. Additional
information concerning these risks is set forth under the caption “Foreclosure
Reserves” beginning on page 47 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2007 Annual Report
to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report that has been
incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report.

          Rating
agencies assign credit ratings to issuers and their debt. In that role,
agencies directly affect the availability and cost of our funding. The
Corporation and the Bank currently receive ratings from several rating entities
for unsecured borrowings. A rating below investment grade typically reduces
availability and increases the cost of market-based funding. A debt rating of
Baa3 or higher by Moody’s Investors Service, or BBB- or higher by Standard
& Poor’s and Fitch Ratings, is considered investment grade for many
purposes. At the present time, all three rating agencies rate the unsecured
senior debt of the Corporation and the Bank as investment grade. Because we
depend on institutional borrowing and the capital markets for funding and
capital, we could experience reduced liquidity and increased cost of funding if
our debt ratings were lowered, particularly if lowered below investment grade.
In addition, other actions by ratings agencies can create uncertainty about our
ratings in the future and thus can adversely affect the cost and availability
of funding, including placing us on negative outlook or on watchlist. Please
note that a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold
securities, is subject to revision or withdrawal at any time, and should be
evaluated independently of any other rating. 

          Regulatory
laws or rules that establish minimum capital levels, regulate deposit
insurance, and govern related funding matters for banks could be changed in a
manner that could increase our overall cost of capital and thus reduce our
earnings. 

Interest Rate and Yield Curve Risks 

          A
significant portion of our business involves borrowing and lending money.
Accordingly, changes in interest rates directly impact our revenues and
expenses, and potentially could expand or compress our net interest margin. We
actively manage our balance sheet to control the risks of a reduction in net
interest margin brought about by ordinary fluctuations in rates. Additional
information concerning 

20

those risks
and our management of them appears under the caption “Interest Rate Risk
Management” beginning on page 28 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2007
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. 

          Our
mortgage lending and servicing businesses also are affected by changes in
interest rates. Generally, when rates increase, demand for mortgage loans and
HELOC tend to decrease (and our revenues from new originations tend to fall),
and when rates decrease, demand tends to increases (and our origination
revenues tend to increase). In a contrary fashion, when interest rates
increase, the value of mortgage servicing rights (MSR) that we retain generally
increases, and when rates decline the value of MSR tends to declines. However,
those general tendencies do not result in concrete outcomes in all
circumstances; for example, a decrease in interest rates does not always result
in an increased volume of loan originations even if MSR values are affected
negatively because other factors may blunt loan demand or curtail credit
availability. Additional information concerning those risks and our management
of them appears under the caption “Mortgage Servicing Rights and Other Related
Retained Interests” beginning on page 43 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2007
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of the material from that Report
that has been incorporated by reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report. 

          Our
mortgage lending business is affected by changes in interest rates in another
manner. During the period of loan origination (when loans are in the “pipeline”)
and prior to the loan’s sale in the secondary market (when loans are in the “warehouse”),
we are exposed to the risk of interest rate changes for those pipeline loans
which we have agreed to lock in the customer’s mortgage rate and for all
warehouse loans that bear a fixed rate. We manage that rate-change risk through
hedging activities and other methods; however, it is not possible to eliminate
all such risks, and a rate change is just one of the risks that could impact
the demand for, and thus the value of, our pipeline and warehouse loans.
Additional information concerning those risks and our management of them
appears under the caption “Pipeline and Warehouse” beginning on page 46 of the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial
Condition section of our 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders, which is part of
the material from that Report that has been incorporated by reference into Item
7 of Part II of this report. 

          Like
all financial services companies, we face the risks associated with movements
in the yield curve. The yield curve simply shows the interest rates applicable
to short and long term debt. The curve is steep when short-term rates are much
lower than long-term rates; it is flat when short-term rates are equal, or
nearly equal, to long-term rates; and it is inverted when short-term rates
exceed long-term rates. Historically, the yield curve normally is positively
sloped. However, recently the yield curve has been relatively flat or inverted
for protracted periods. A flat or inverted yield curve tends to decrease net
interest margin, as yields on the warehouse narrow relative to their short-term
funding sources, and it tends to reduce demand for long-term debt securities,
adversely impacting the revenues of our capital markets business. A prolonged
inversion of the yield curve historically is so uncommon that it is difficult
to predict all the effects that such a market condition is reasonably likely to
create. One such effect upon us was an overall increase in the cost of hedging
mortgage servicing rights (MSR) in our mortgage business. This cost is tied to
factors including volatility in the market place, the shape of the yield curve,
product duration, risk tolerance and other effects which may favorably or
unfavorably impact hedging cost. 

          Lastly,
expectations by the market regarding the direction of future interest rate
movements, particularly long-term rates, can impact the demand for long-term
debt which in turn can impact the revenues of our capital markets business.
That risk is most apparent during times when strong 

21

expectations
have not yet been reflected in market rates, or when expectations are
especially weak or uncertain. 

Securities
Inventories and Market Risks 

          Our
capital markets business buys and sells various types of securities for its
institutional customers. In the course of that business we hold inventory
positions and are exposed to certain risks of market fluctuations. In addition,
we are exposed to credit risk and interest rate risk associated with debt
securities. We manage the risks of holding inventories of securities through
certain policies and procedures, including hedging activities related to
certain interest rate risks. Additional information concerning those risks and
our management of them appears under the caption “Market Risk Management” beginning
on page 34 of the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations
and Financial Condition section of our 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders,
which is part of the material from that Report that has been incorporated by
reference into Item 7 of Part II of this report, and in the “Credit Risks”
discussion beginning on page 17 of this report. 

          In
addition, we earn fees and other income related to our brokerage business and
our management of assets for customers. Declines, disruptions, or precipitous
changes in markets or market prices can adversely affect those revenue sources.

Venture Capital Risks 

          Our
venture capital business is inherently volatile. The companies we invest in
tend to be much less mature, smaller, and much more unproven than a typical
public company. Accordingly, those investments carry a substantial risk of
loss. Venture capital investments also are inherently illiquid. Success in this
business can only be assessed in the long term and depends to a very large extent
upon the ability of management to find sound investment prospects, negotiate
financially appropriate investment terms, and oversee each investment as the
company uses the venture capital and develops. In the short term, venture
capital losses are not uncommon even if the business proves to be successful in
the long term. 

Regulatory and Legal Risks 

          We
operate in a heavily regulated industry and therefore are subject to many
banking, deposit, insurance, insurance brokerage, securities brokerage and underwriting,
and consumer lending regulations in addition to the rules applicable to all
companies publicly traded in the U.S. securities markets and, in particular, on
the New York Stock Exchange. Failure to comply with applicable regulations
could result in financial, structural, and operational penalties. In addition,
efforts to comply with applicable regulations may increase our costs and/or
limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities. See “Supervision
and Regulation” in Item 1 of this report, beginning on page 3 above, for
additional information concerning financial industry regulations. Federal and
state regulations significantly limit the types of activities in which we, as a
financial institution, may engage. In addition, we are subject to a wide array
of other regulations that govern other aspects of how we conduct our business,
such as in the areas of employment and intellectual property. Federal and state
legislative and regulatory authorities occasionally consider changing these regulations
or adopting new ones. Such actions could limit the amount of interest or fees
we can charge, could restrict our ability to collect loans or realize on
collateral, or could materially affect us in other ways. Additional federal and
state consumer protection regulations also could expand the privacy protections
afforded to customers of financial institutions, restricting our ability to
share or receive customer information and increasing our costs. In addition,
changes in accounting rules can significantly affect how we record and report
assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and earnings. 

          The
 Bank is required to maintain certain regulatory capital levels and ratios,
 as discussed under the caption “Capital Adequacy” beginning on page 6 of
 this report. If the Bank experiences financial losses, its ability to meet
 those requirements may be strained. Pressure to maintain capital and capital
 ratios during times of financial loss, especially protracted loss, may lead
 to actions that are adverse to our shareholders. Those actions could include,
 among other things, reductions in our common dividend, the sale of the Bank’s
 or our stock at a time when market prices are disadvantageous, and a contraction
 of our balance sheet (involving sales or other dispositions of assets or
 businesses) at a time when market values are depressed.

22

          Some
state authorities have from time to time challenged the position of the OCC
that it is the exclusive regulator of various aspects of national banks or their
operating subsidiaries. If one or more of those challenges were successful, or
if Congress or the OCC were to change the applicable banking laws or
regulations, we could be impacted significantly, due, among other things, to
possible increased regulatory burdens, governmental and private party actions
alleging non-compliance with state law, and the expense of tracking and
complying with the different laws and regulations of nearly all 50 states. 

          We
also face litigation risks from customers, employees, vendors, contractual
parties, and other persons, either singly or in class actions, and from federal
or state regulators. Litigation is an unavoidable part of doing business, and
we seek to manage those risks through internal controls, personnel training,
insurance, litigation management, our compliance and ethics processes, and
other means. However, the commencement, outcome, and magnitude of litigation
cannot be predicted or controlled with certainty. 

Holding Company Dividends

          Historically
 the Corporation has depended upon common dividends from the Bank
 for cash to fund common dividends paid to the Corporation’s shareholders.
 Because the Bank experienced a loss for 2007, however, regulatory constraints
 will prevent the Bank from declaring and paying dividends to the Corporation
 in 2008 unless and until the Bank’s earnings are greater than $74.0 million
 plus preferred dividends. The Bank has regulatory permission to declare preferred
 dividends payable in April 2008, which are estimated to total approximately
 $4 million. Additional information concerning those regulatory restrictions
 on the Bank is discussed in more detail under the heading “Liquidity
 Management” in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis section
 beginning on page 30 of the Corporation’s 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders,
 which section is incorporated herein by reference. At December 31, 2007 the
 Corporation, on a non-consolidated basis, had approximately $215.9 million
 cash on hand. The Corporation paid a dividend of 45 cents per share, or approximately
 $56.5 million, in early January, 2008 and has declared a dividend of 20 cents
 per share, or approximately $25.1 million, payable in April, 2008, representing
 a rate reduction of over 50%. Due to the foregoing circumstances and certain
 other commitments of the Corporation, the Corporation’s common dividend
 could be at risk of further reduction unless the Bank’s earnings ease
the regulatory constraints.

Accounting Estimate Risks 

          The
preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with US
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Two of our most
critical estimates are the level of the allowance for credit losses and the
valuation of mortgage servicing rights. However, other estimates occasionally
become highly significant, especially in volatile situations such as litigation
and other loss contingency matters. Estimates are made at specific points in
time; as actual events unfold, estimates are adjusted accordingly. Due to the
inherent nature of these estimates, it is possible that, at some time in the
future, we may significantly increase the allowance for credit losses and/or sustain
credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance, or we
may recognize a significant provision for impairment of our mortgage servicing
rights, goodwill, or other assets, or we may make some other adjustment that
will differ materially from the estimates that we make today. For additional
information concerning the sensitivity of these estimates, refer to “Critical
Accounting Policies” beginning on page 42 of the Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition section of our 2007
Annual Report to Shareholders. 

Risks of Expense Control 

          Expenses
and other costs directly affect our earnings. Our ability to successfully
manage expenses is important to our long-term survival. Many factors can
influence the amount of our expenses, as well as how quickly they grow. As our
businesses change or expand, additional expenses can arise from asset
purchases, structural reorganization, evolving business strategies, and
changing regulations, among other things. We manage expense growth and risk
through a variety of means, including selectively outsourcing or multi-sourcing
various functions and procurement coordination and processes. 

Geographic Risks 

          Our
mortgage and capital markets businesses are national in scope, and capital
markets is developing in selected international markets. Our traditional
banking business remains grounded in, and depends upon, the major Tennessee
markets. As a result, to a greater degree than many of our competitors that operate
nationally or in much broader regions, our banking business currently is
exposed to adverse economic, regulatory, natural disaster, and other risks that
might primarily impact Tennessee and the mid-South region of the US. 

23

Non-US Operations Risks 

          In
2007 we expanded our capital markets business by opening an office in Hong
Kong, our first office outside of the United States. Opening and operating
non-US offices creates a number of risks. Specific risks associated with any
non-US presence include: the risk that taxes, licenses, fees, prohibitions, and
other barriers and constraints may be created or increased by the US or other
countries that would impact our ability to operate overseas profitably or at
all; the risk that our assets and operations in a particular country could be
nationalized in whole or part without adequate compensation; the risk that
currency exchange rates could move unfavorably so as to diminish or destroy the
US dollar value of assets, or to enlarge the US dollar value of liabilities,
denominated in those currencies; and the risk that political or cultural
preferences in a particular host country might become antagonistic to US
companies. Our ability to manage those and other risks will depend upon a
number of factors, including: our ability to recognize and anticipate
differences in cultural and other expectations applicable to customers,
employees, regulators, and vendors and other business partners; our ability to
recognize and act upon opportunities and constraints peculiar to the countries
and cultures in which our offices operate; our ability to recognize and manage
any exchange rate risks to which we are exposed; and our ability to anticipate
the stability of or changes in the political, legal, and monetary systems of the
countries in which our offices operate. 

Recent Downturns and Disruptions 

          In
2007 several downturns and disruptions occurred in markets which are important
to our businesses, and similar or additional adverse events may occur in the
future. Although those events did not create new types of risks, we believe it
is useful to highlight some of the key impacts of those events on our business
to illustrate how events beyond our control can adversely affect us. 

          Some
of the significant recent downturns and disruptions relevant to mortgage and
related businesses include: 

•

residential
 housing values in the US have stagnated or fallen, and in some
 highly-populated markets values have fallen significantly;

•

the volume
 of residential housing transactions also has stagnated or fallen, and in some
 markets volume has fallen significantly;

•

investor
 demand for mortgage-backed securities fluctuated suddenly and sharply, and
 for some categories of mortgages disappeared almost entirely;

•

except for “conforming
 loans,” which are loan products conforming to standards of certain government
 sponsored entities, rates for some types of home mortgage products have risen
 sharply and some mortgage products, with new and more restrictive credit
 criteria, have become difficult for borrowers to obtain even at high interest
 rates, making it difficult or impossible for some borrowers to refinance an
 existing mortgage; 

•

many
 mortgage borrowers in recent years have obtained adjustable-rate products,
 and it is possible that many will adjust to higher rates, and therefore higher
 payments, in the near future;

•

fear has
 been expressed by some public officials and others that mortgage-related
 defaults, foreclosures, and personal bankruptcies have risen and will rise
 significantly in the future;

•

the US
 Congress and other governmental bodies have considered, and in the future may
 enact or adopt, new laws and regulations intended to modify the terms of
 outstanding mortgage loans in a manner benefiting borrowers at the expense of
 lenders, restrict the ability of lenders to make new loans, and increase the
 regulatory burdens and legal risks on mortgage lenders and servicers; and

24

•

the Federal
 Reserve has acted recently to lower certain short-term interest rates,
 possibly to help ameliorate the impacts of the disruptions in housing and the
 mortgage industry, which has triggered reductions in the prime lending rates
 charged by most US banks. 

          Some
of the significant actual and potential impacts of those events on one or more
of our businesses include: 

•

abrupt loss
 in value of loans held in our pipeline and warehouse at times when investor
 demand decreased sharply – the loans were priced appropriately when we made
 our loan commitments but those prices were below market levels by the time
 the loans could be sold to investors;

•

pressures on
 our liquidity in the mortgage business as investor demand shrank and the
 securitization markets diminished or, for some products, disappeared; 

•

significant
 reduction in our ability to create gains on sale of mortgage loans we
 originate; 

•

significant
 reduction in mortgage origination volume and fees;

•

significant
 reduction in the volume of and the fees from certain capital markets
 structured finance activities; 

•

significant
 increase in delinquencies in some loan products and markets which are related
 to mortgages and housing; 

•

significant
 increase in loan loss provision for loans secured by, or directly related to,
 mortgages and the housing industry, 

•

significant
 volatility in our mortgage servicing rights (MSR) assets and mortgage
 servicing business, with correspondingly volatile impacts on our earnings
 from quarter to quarter; 

•

significant
 increase in costs of servicing mortgages due to increased credit remediation
 and loss mitigation activity, as well as increased collection and foreclosure
 activity; 

•

the possibility that falling
US prime rates in 2008 could compress our net interest margin; and

•

the
 possibility that, in 2008, adjustable rate HELOC loans that are tied to
 falling US prime rates could be drawn more fully and could be pre-paid less
 often so that, in conjunction with falling housing values, the ratio of HELOC
 loan balances to current actual values may weaken which could, in turn,
 translate into higher loan losses and higher provisioning for future losses
 within the HELOC portfolio.