Potential Adverse Effects of Increased Competition in the Investment Management
Business. The investment management business is highly competitive. Federated competes in the distribution of mutual funds and separately managed accounts with other independent fund management companies, national and regional broker/dealers,
commercial banks, insurance companies and other institutions. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources and brand recognition than Federated. Competition is based on various factors, including business reputation, investment
performance, quality of service, the strength and continuity of management and selling relationships, marketing and distribution services offered, the range of products offered and fees charged. See “Business—Competition” above.

Many of Federated’s products are designed for use by institutions such as banks, insurance companies and other corporations. A large portion of
Federated’s Managed Assets, particularly money market and fixed-income Managed Assets, are held by institutional investors. Because most institutional investment vehicles are sold without sales commissions at either the time of purchase or the
time of redemption, institutional investors may be more inclined to transfer their assets among various institutional funds than investors in retail mutual funds. Of Federated’s 136 managed funds, 94 are sold without a sales commission.

9 

A significant portion of Federated’s revenue is derived from providing mutual funds to the trust market, comprising
approximately 1,200 banks and other financial institutions. Future profitability of Federated will be affected by its ability to retain its share of this market, and could also be adversely affected by the general consolidation occurring in the
banking industry, as well as regulatory changes. In addition, bank consolidation trends could not only cause changes in Federated’s customer mix, but could also affect the scope of services provided and fees received by Federated, depending
upon the degree to which banks internalize administrative functions attendant to proprietary mutual funds. 

Potential Adverse Effects of a Decline in
Securities Markets. Changes in economic or market conditions may adversely affect the profitability and performance of and demand for Federated’s investment products and services. The ability of Federated to compete and grow is dependent,
in part, on the relative attractiveness of the types of investment products Federated offers and its investment performance and strategies under prevailing market conditions. A significant portion of Federated’s revenue is derived from
investment advisory fees, which are based on the value of Managed Assets and vary with the type of asset being managed, with higher fees generally earned on equity products than on fixed-income and money market products. Consequently, significant
fluctuations in the prices of securities held by, or the level of redemptions from, the funds or other products advised by Federated may materially affect the amount of Managed Assets and thus Federated’s revenue, profitability and ability to
grow. Substantially all of Federated’s Managed Assets are in investment products that permit investors to redeem their investment at any time. 

Potential Adverse Effects on Money Market and Other Fixed-Income Assets Resulting From Changes in Interest Rates. Approximately 43% of Federated’s revenue in 2005 was from managed assets in money market products. These assets
are largely from institutional investors. In a rising-rate environment, certain institutional investors using money market products and other short-term duration fixed-income products for cash management purposes may shift these investments to
direct investments in comparable instruments in order to realize higher yields than those available in money market and other fund products holding lower-yielding instruments. These redemptions reduce Managed Assets, thereby reducing
Federated’s revenue. In addition, rising interest rates will tend to reduce the market value of bonds held in various investment portfolios and other products. Thus, increases in interest rates could have an adverse effect on Federated’s
revenue from money market portfolios and from other fixed-income products. After reaching record lows, short-term interest rates began to rise in 2004 and are expected to continue to increase. Federated has been actively diversifying its products to
expand its Managed Assets in equity products, which may be less sensitive to interest rate increases. There can be no assurance that Federated will be successful in these diversification efforts. 

Adverse Effects of Poor Investment Performance. Success in the investment management business is largely dependent on investment performance relative to market
conditions and the performance of competing products. Good performance generally assists retention and growth of assets, resulting in additional revenues. Conversely, poor performance tends to result in decreased sales and increased redemptions with
corresponding decreases in revenues to Federated. Poor performance could, therefore, have a material adverse effect on Federated’s business, results of operations or business prospects. 

Potential Adverse Effects of Changes in Laws and Regulations on Federated’s Investment Management Business. Federated and its investment management business
are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and abroad. Federated and the Federated Funds are subject to Federal securities laws, principally the Investment Company Act and the Advisers Act, state laws regarding securities fraud and
regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the National Association of Securities Dealers (the “NASD”) and the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”). Federated is also affected by the
regulations governing banks and other financial institutions and, to the extent operations take place outside the United States, by foreign regulations. During the past five years, the Federal securities laws have been augmented substantially by,
among other measures, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Patriot Act of 2001 and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999. Currently, several bills are pending in Congress that would amend the Investment Company Act to impose additional requirements and
restrictions on Federated and the Federated Funds. In addition, during the past few years the SEC, NASD and the NYSE have adopted regulations that will increase Federated’s operating expenses and affect the 

10 

conduct of its business. The SEC has proposed other significant regulations or amendments to regulations that, if
adopted, will affect Federated and the Federated Funds, and Federated anticipates that other reforms and regulatory actions affecting the mutual fund industry are likely to occur. Changes in laws, regulations or governmental policies, and the costs
associated with compliance, could materially and adversely affect the business and operations of Federated. 

No Assurance of Successful Future
Acquisitions. Federated’s business strategy contemplates the acquisition of other investment management companies as well as investment assets. There can be no assurance that Federated will find suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable
prices, have sufficient capital resources to realize its acquisition strategy, be successful in entering into definitive agreements for desired acquisitions, or successfully integrate acquired companies into Federated, or that any such acquisitions,
if consummated, will prove to be advantageous to Federated. 

Retaining and Recruiting Key Personnel. The Company’s ability to locate and retain
quality personnel has contributed significantly to its growth and success and is important to attracting and retaining customers. The market for qualified executives, investment managers, analysts, sales representatives and other key personnel is
extremely competitive. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its efforts to recruit and retain the required personnel. The Company has encouraged the continued retention of its executives and other key personnel through
measures such as providing competitive compensation arrangements and in certain cases employment agreements. The loss of any such personnel could have an adverse effect on the Company. Moreover, since certain of our products contribute significantly
to our revenues and earnings, the loss of even a small number of key personnel associated with these products could have a disproportionate impact on our business. 

Various executives, investment and sales personnel now own restricted stock and hold stock options subject to vesting periods of up to ten years from the date acquired or awarded and to provisions that require resale or forfeiture to the
Company in certain circumstances upon termination of employment. In addition, certain of these employees are employed under contracts which require periodic review of compensation and contain restrictive covenants with regard to divulging
confidential information and engaging in competitive enterprises. 

During 2005, the two senior portfolio managers of the Federated Kaufmann Fund were
subject to employment and non-competition agreements which were entered into in 2000. The non-competition agreements continue into April 2007, while the employment agreements ran through June 30, 2005. In 2005, Federated reached agreements with
these portfolio managers on new terms of employment including performance-based incentive compensation. These portfolio managers are no longer parties to formal employment contracts with Federated, which is generally consistent with Federated’s
policy for portfolio managers. 

Additional information can be found in Items 7 and 8 of Part II of this Form 10-K.

Systems and Technology Risks. Federated utilizes software and related technologies throughout its businesses including both proprietary systems and
those provided by outside vendors. Unanticipated issues could occur and it is not possible to predict with certainty all of the adverse effects that could result from a failure of a third party to address computer system problems. Accordingly, there
can be no assurance that potential system interruptions or the cost necessary to rectify the problems would not have a material adverse effect on Federated’s business, financial condition, results of operations or business prospects.

Adverse Effects of Rising Costs of Risk Management. Since 2001, expenses related to risk management have increased and management expects these
costs to be significant going forward. Insurance coverage for significant risks may not be available or may only be available at prohibitive costs. Renewals of insurance policies may expose the company to additional cost through the assumption of
higher deductibles, and co-insurance liability and/or lower coverage levels. Higher insurance costs, incurred deductibles and lower coverage levels may reduce Federated’s operating and net income. 

11 

Potential Adverse Effects Related to Federated’s Internal Review into Certain Mutual Fund Trading Practices and
Investigations by Regulatory Authorities. In 2003, Federated responded to detailed requests for information from the SEC, the New York State Attorney General (the “NYAG”) and the NASD regarding a number of mutual fund practices,
including market timing, late trading and fair valuation of foreign securities. These requests prompted Federated to conduct an internal review that found instances in which Federated employees improperly permitted frequent trading or improperly
accepted orders for fluctuating-net-asset-value funds after the close of the NYSE (see Note (23) to the Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference in Item 15(a)(1) of Part IV of this Form 10-K). Federated continues to
cooperate with all regulatory inquiries. 

Federated announced on November 28, 2005 that it had entered into settlement agreements with the SEC and
NYAG to resolve the past mutual fund trading issues. Under the terms of the settlements, Federated paid for the benefit of fund shareholders a total of $72.0 million in addition to the $8.0 million paid in 2004. In addition, Federated has agreed to
reduce the investment advisory fees on certain Federated funds by $4.0 million per year for the five-year period beginning January 1, 2006 based upon effective fee rates and assets under management as of September 30, 2005. Depending upon
the level of assets under management in these funds during the five-year period, the actual investment advisory fee reduction could be greater or less than $4.0 million per year. Certain other undertakings required by these agreements will be
incurred in future periods, and the significance of such expenses is currently not determinable. 

Any material losses in client or shareholder confidence
in Federated or in the mutual fund industry could increase redemptions from and reduce sales of Federated Funds and other investment management services, resulting in a decrease in future revenues. Responding to continued requests from regulatory
authorities, defending pending litigation and addressing the undertakings required by the settlement agreements will increase Federated’s operating expenses and could have other material adverse effects on Federated’s business. 

Adverse Effects of Termination or Failure to Renew Fund Agreements. A substantial majority of Federated’s revenues are derived from investment management
agreements with the funds that, as required by law, are terminable upon 60 days notice. In addition, each such investment management agreement must be approved and renewed annually by each fund’s board of directors or trustees, including
disinterested members of the board, or its shareholders, as required by law. Generally, Federated’s administrative servicing agreements with bank proprietary fund customers have an initial term of three years with a provision for automatic
renewal unless notice is otherwise given and provide for termination for cause. Failure to renew, changes resulting in lower fees, or termination of a significant number of these agreements could have a material adverse impact on Federated. In
addition, as required by the Investment Company Act, each investment advisory agreement with a mutual fund automatically terminates upon its “assignment,” although new investment advisory agreements may be approved by the mutual
fund’s directors or trustees and shareholders. A sale of a sufficient number of shares of Federated’s voting securities to transfer control of Federated could be deemed an “assignment” in certain circumstances. An assignment,
actual or constructive, will trigger these termination provisions and may adversely affect Federated’s ability to realize the value of these assets. 

Under the terms of the settlement agreement with the SEC and NYAG, a Federated investment advisory subsidiary may not serve as investment advisor to any registered investment company unless: (i) at least 75% of the fund’s
directors are independent of Federated; (ii) the chairman of each such fund is independent of Federated; (iii) no action may be taken by the fund’s board of directors or trustees or any committee thereof unless approved by a majority
of the independent board members of the fund or committee, respectively; and (iv) the fund appoints a senior officer who reports to the independent directors or trustees and is responsible for monitoring compliance by the fund with applicable
laws and fiduciary duties and for managing the process by which management fees charged to a fund are approved.