Potential Adverse Effects of Increased Competition in the Investment Management Business.
The investment management business is highly competitive. Federated competes in the distribution of mutual funds and Separate Accounts with other independent fund management companies, national and regional broker/dealers, commercial banks,
insurance companies and other institutions. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources and brand recognition than Federated. Competition is based on various factors, including business reputation, 

11 

Table of Contents

investment performance, quality of service, the strength and continuity of management and selling relationships, marketing and distribution services offered,
the range of products offered and fees charged. See “Business—Competition” above. 

Many of Federated’s products are designed for use by
institutions such as banks, insurance companies and other corporations. A large portion of Federated’s Managed Assets, particularly money market and fixed-income Managed Assets, are held by institutional investors. Because most institutional
investment vehicles are sold without sales commissions at either the time of purchase or the time of redemption, institutional investors may be more inclined to transfer their assets among various institutional funds than investors in retail mutual
funds. Of Federated’s 148 managed funds, 95 are sold without a sales commission. 

A significant portion of Federated’s revenue is derived from
providing mutual funds to the wealth management and trust market, comprising approximately 1,600 banks and other financial institutions. Future profitability of Federated will be affected by its ability to retain its share of this market, and could
also be adversely affected by the general consolidation occurring in the banking industry, as well as regulatory changes. In addition, bank consolidation trends could not only cause changes in Federated’s customer mix, but could also affect the
scope of services provided and fees received by Federated, depending upon the degree to which banks internalize administrative functions attendant to proprietary mutual funds. 

Potential Adverse Effects of Changes in our Distribution Channels. Federated acts as a wholesaler of investment products to financial intermediaries including banks, broker/dealers, registered investment
advisers and other financial planners. Federated also sells investment products directly to corporations and institutions. Approximately 26% of Federated’s total revenue for 2006 was attributable to two financial intermediaries. If one or more
of the major financial intermediaries that distribute Federated’s products were to cease operations or limit or otherwise end the distribution of Federated’s investment products, it could have a significant adverse effect on
Federated’s future revenues and, to a lesser extent, net income. There can be no assurance that Federated will continue to have access to the financial intermediaries that currently distribute Federated products. In addition, Federated has
experienced increases in the cost of distribution as a percentage of total revenue over the years and such costs could continue to rise. Higher distribution costs reduce Federated’s operating and net income. 

Potential Adverse Effects of a Decline in Securities Markets. Changes in economic or market conditions may adversely affect the profitability and performance of
and demand for Federated’s investment products and services. The ability of Federated to compete and grow is dependent, in part, on the relative attractiveness of the types of investment products Federated offers and its investment performance
and strategies under prevailing market conditions. A significant portion of Federated’s revenue is derived from investment advisory fees, which are based on the value of Managed Assets and vary with the type of asset being managed, with higher
fees generally earned on equity products than on fixed-income and money market products. Consequently, significant fluctuations in the market value of securities held by, or the level of redemptions from, the funds or other products advised by
Federated may materially affect the amount of Managed Assets and thus Federated’s revenue, profitability and ability to grow. Substantially all of Federated’s Managed Assets are in investment products that permit investors to redeem their
investment at any time. 

Potential Adverse Effects on Money Market and Other Fixed-Income Assets Resulting From Changes in Interest Rates.
Approximately 47% and 13% of Federated’s revenue in 2006 was from managed assets in money market and fixed-income products, respectively. These assets are largely from institutional investors. After reaching record lows, short-term interest
rates began to rise in 2004 and may continue to increase. In a rising-rate environment, certain institutional investors using money market products and other short-term duration fixed-income products for cash management purposes may shift these
investments to direct investments in comparable instruments in order to realize higher yields than those available in money market and other fund products holding lower-yielding instruments. These redemptions reduce Managed Assets, thereby reducing
Federated’s revenue. In addition, rising interest rates will tend to reduce the market value of bonds held in various investment portfolios and other products. Thus, increases in interest rates could have an adverse effect on Federated’s
revenue from money market portfolios and from other fixed-income products. Federated has been actively diversifying its products to expand its Managed Assets in equity products, which may be less sensitive to interest rate increases. There can be no
assurance that Federated will be successful in these diversification efforts. 

12 

Table of Contents

Adverse Effects of Poor Investment Performance. Success in the investment management business is largely dependent
on investment performance relative to market conditions and the performance of competing products. Good performance generally assists retention and growth of assets, resulting in additional revenues. Conversely, poor performance tends to result in
decreased sales and increased redemptions with corresponding decreases in revenues to Federated. Poor performance could, therefore, have a material adverse effect on Federated’s business, results of operations or business prospects. In terms of
revenue concentration by product, approximately 17% of Federated’s total revenue for 2006 was derived from services provided to one sponsored fund (the Federated Kaufmann Fund). Sustained poor performance in this fund could have a material
adverse effect on Federated’s results of operations. 

Potential Adverse Effects of Changes in Laws and Regulations on Federated’s Investment
Management Business. Federated and its investment management business are subject to extensive regulation in the United States and abroad. Federated and the Federated Funds are subject to Federal securities laws, principally the Investment
Company Act and the Advisers Act, state laws regarding securities fraud and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the National Association of Securities Dealers (the “NASD”) and the New
York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”). Federated is also affected by the regulations governing banks and other financial institutions and, to the extent operations take place outside the United States, by foreign regulations. During the past
five years, the Federal securities laws have been augmented substantially by, among other measures, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Patriot Act of 2001 and the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999. Currently, several bills are pending in Congress that
would amend the Investment Company Act to impose additional requirements and restrictions on Federated and the Federated Funds. In addition, during the past few years the SEC, NASD and the NYSE have adopted regulations that will increase
Federated’s operating expenses and affect the conduct of its business. The SEC has proposed other significant regulations or amendments to regulations that, if adopted, will affect Federated and the Federated Funds, and Federated anticipates
that other reforms and regulatory actions affecting the mutual fund industry are likely to occur. Changes in laws, regulations or governmental policies, and the costs associated with compliance, could materially and adversely affect the business and
operations of Federated. 

No Assurance of Successful Future Acquisitions. Federated’s business strategy contemplates the acquisition of other
investment management companies as well as investment assets. There can be no assurance that Federated will find suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices, have sufficient capital resources to realize its acquisition strategy, be
successful in entering into definitive agreements for desired acquisitions, or successfully integrate acquired companies into Federated, or that any such acquisitions, if consummated, will prove to be advantageous to Federated. 

Retaining and Recruiting Key Personnel. The Company’s ability to locate and retain quality personnel has contributed significantly to its growth and success
and is important to attracting and retaining customers. The market for qualified executives, investment managers, analysts, sales representatives and other key personnel is extremely competitive. There can be no assurance that the Company will be
successful in its efforts to recruit and retain the required personnel. The Company has encouraged the continued retention of its executives and other key personnel through measures such as providing competitive compensation arrangements and in
certain cases employment agreements. The loss of any such personnel could have an adverse effect on the Company. Moreover, since certain of our products contribute significantly to our revenues and earnings, the loss of even a small number of key
personnel associated with these products could have a disproportionate impact on our business. 

Various executives, investment, sales and other key
personnel now own restricted stock and hold stock options subject to vesting periods of up to ten years from the date acquired or awarded and to provisions that require resale or forfeiture to the Company in certain circumstances upon termination of
employment. In addition, certain of these employees are employed under contracts which require periodic review of compensation and contain restrictive covenants with regard to divulging confidential information and engaging in competitive
enterprises. 

During 2006, the two senior portfolio managers of the Federated Kaufmann Fund, which generated 17% of Federated’s revenue in 2006, were
subject to non-competition agreements which were entered into in 2000 and continue into April 2007. Since the employment agreements expired in 2005, Federated reached agreements with these portfolio managers on new terms of employment including
performance-based incentive compensation. These portfolio managers are no longer parties to formal employment contracts with Federated, which is generally consistent with Federated’s policy for portfolio managers. 

13 

Table of Contents

Additional information can be found in Items 7 and 8 of Part II of this Form 10-K. 

Systems and Technology Risks. Federated utilizes software and related technologies throughout its businesses including both proprietary systems and those provided
by outside vendors. Unanticipated issues could occur and it is not possible to predict with certainty all of the adverse effects that could result from a failure of a third party to address computer system problems. Accordingly, there can be no
assurance that potential system interruptions or the cost necessary to rectify the problems would not have a material adverse effect on Federated’s business, financial condition, results of operations or business prospects. 

Adverse Effects of Rising Costs of Risk Management. Since 2001, expenses related to risk management have increased and management expects these costs to be
significant going forward. Insurance coverage for significant risks may not be available or may only be available at prohibitive costs. Renewals of insurance policies may expose the company to additional cost through the assumption of higher
deductibles, and co-insurance liability and/or lower coverage levels. Higher insurance costs, incurred deductibles and lower coverage levels may reduce Federated’s operating and net income. 

Potential Adverse Effects Related to Federated’s Settlement of Past Mutual Fund Trading Issues and Related Legal Proceedings. In 2005, Federated entered into
settlement agreements with the SEC and New York State Attorney General (NYAG) to resolve the past mutual fund trading issues. Since October 2003, Federated has been named as a defendant in twenty-three cases filed in various federal district courts
and state courts involving allegations relating to market timing, late trading and excessive fees. All of these lawsuits seek unquantified damages, attorneys’ fees and expenses. Federated is defending this litigation. The potential impact of
these recent lawsuits and future potential similar suits is uncertain. It is possible that an unfavorable determination will cause a material adverse impact to Federated’s reputation, financial position, results of operations and/or liquidity.

Any material losses in client or shareholder confidence in Federated or in the mutual fund industry as a result of pending litigation, previously settled
governmental inquiries or other matters could increase redemptions from and reduce sales of Federated Funds and other investment management services, resulting in a decrease in future revenues. Responding to future requests from regulatory
authorities, defending pending litigation and addressing the undertakings required by the settlement agreements will increase Federated’s operating expenses and could have other material adverse effects on Federated’s business. 

Adverse Effects of Termination or Failure to Renew Fund Agreements. A substantial majority of Federated’s revenues are derived from investment management
agreements with the funds that, as required by law, are terminable upon 60 days notice. In addition, each such investment management agreement must be approved and renewed annually by each fund’s board of directors or trustees, including
disinterested members of the board, or its shareholders, as required by law. Generally, Federated’s administrative servicing agreements with bank proprietary fund customers have an initial term of three years with a provision for automatic
renewal unless notice is otherwise given and provide for termination for cause. Failure to renew, changes resulting in lower fees, or termination of a significant number of these agreements could have a material adverse impact on Federated. In
addition, as required by the Investment Company Act, each investment advisory agreement with a mutual fund automatically terminates upon its “assignment,” although new investment advisory agreements may be approved by the mutual
fund’s directors or trustees and shareholders. A sale of a sufficient number of shares of Federated’s voting securities to transfer control of Federated could be deemed an “assignment” in certain circumstances. An assignment,
actual or constructive, will trigger these termination provisions and may adversely affect Federated’s ability to realize the value of these assets. 

Under the terms of the settlement agreement with the SEC and NYAG, a Federated investment advisory subsidiary may not serve as investment advisor to any registered investment company unless: (i) at least 75% of the fund’s
directors are independent of Federated; (ii) the chairman of each such fund is independent of Federated; (iii) no action may be taken by the fund’s board of directors or trustees or any committee thereof unless approved by a majority
of the independent board members of the fund or committee, respectively; and (iv) the fund appoints a 

14 

Table of Contents

senior officer who reports to the independent directors or trustees and is responsible for monitoring compliance by the fund with applicable laws and
fiduciary duties and for managing the process by which management fees charged to a fund are approved.