.

     In addition to the normal risks of business, we are subject to significant risks and
uncertainties, including those listed below and others described elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Any of the risks described herein could result in a significant adverse effect on our
results of operation and financial condition.

If we fail to adapt our services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing
efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose customers and have difficulty
attracting new customers for our services.

     The markets for our services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent
introductions of new services and evolving industry standards. Our future success will be
significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current services, and develop and introduce
new services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our customers and their clients.
These

8

Table of Contents

initiatives carry the risks associated with any new service development effort, including cost
overruns, delays in delivery, and performance issues. There can be no assurance that we will be
successful in developing, marketing and selling new services that meet these changing demands, that
we will not experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development,
introduction, and marketing of these services, or that our new services and their enhancements will
adequately meet the demands of the marketplace and achieve market acceptance.

We may experience defects, development delays, installation difficulties and system failures with
respect to our technology solutions, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to
potential liability.

     Many of our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may
encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services. Further, the technology
solutions underlying our services have occasionally contained and may in the future contain
undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. In addition,
we may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technologies on platforms used by
our customers. Finally, our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from
fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry and computer
viruses. Defects in our technology solutions, errors or delays in the processing of electronic
transactions, or other difficulties could result in: (i) interruption of business operations; (ii)
delay in market acceptance; (iii) additional development and remediation costs; (iv) diversion of
technical and other resources; (v) loss of customers; and (vi) negative publicity; or exposure to
liability claims.

     Any one or more of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Although we attempt to limit our potential liability
through disclaimers and limitation-of-liability provisions in our license and customer agreements,
we cannot be certain that these measures will always be successful in limiting our liability.

We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively our
results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.

     The market for our services is intensely competitive. Our competitors vary in size and in the
scope and breadth of the services they offer. Some of our competitors have substantial resources.
We face direct competition from third parties, and since many of our larger potential customers
have historically developed their key applications in-house and therefore view their system
requirements from a make-versus-buy perspective, we often compete against our potential customers’
in-house capacities. In addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to
attract new competitors and new technologies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures we face in
the markets in which we operate will not materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations.

Our revenues from the sale of services to members of VISA, MasterCard, American Express and other
similar organizations are dependent upon our continued certification and sponsorship, and the loss
or suspension of certification or sponsorship could adversely affect our business.

     In order to provide our card processing services, we must be certified by Visa, MasterCard,
American Express and other similar organizations. These certifications are dependent upon our
continued adherence to the standards of the issuing bodies. The member financial institutions, some
of which are our competitors, set the standards with which we must comply. If we fail to comply
with these standards, our certifications could be suspended or terminated. The termination of our
certifications, or any changes in the rules and regulations governing VISA, MasterCard, American
Express or other similar organizations could prevent our registration or otherwise limit our
ability to provide services, which could result in a reduction in revenue or increased costs of
operation, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Potential customers may be reluctant to switch to a new vendor, which may adversely affect our
growth, both in the U.S. and internationally.

     For banks and other potential customers of our financial information software and services,
switching from one vendor of bank core processing or related software and services (or from an
internally-developed system) to a new vendor is a significant undertaking. Many potential customers
worry about potential disadvantages such as loss of accustomed functionality, increased costs and
business disruption. As a result, potential customers, both in the U.S. and internationally, often
resist change. We seek to overcome this resistance through strategies such as making investments to
enhance the functionality of our software. However, there can be no assurance that our strategies
for overcoming potential customers’ reluctance to change vendors will be successful, and this
resistance may adversely affect our growth, both in the U.S. and internationally.

9

Table of Contents

Demand for many of our services is sensitive to the level of consumer transactions generated by our
customers, and accordingly, our revenues could be impacted negatively by the current recession or
any other event causing a material slowing of consumer spending.

     A significant portion of our revenue is derived from transaction processing fees. Any changes
in economic factors, such as the current recession, that adversely affect consumer spending and
related consumer debt, or lead to a reduction in check writing or credit and debit card usage,
could reduce the volume of transactions that we process, and have an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have a long sales cycle for many of our applications and if we fail to close sales after
expending significant time and resources to do so, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations may be adversely affected.

     The implementation of many of our applications often involves significant capital commitments
by our customers, particularly those with smaller operational scale. Potential customers generally
commit significant resources to an evaluation of available software and require us to expend
substantial time, effort, and money educating them as to the value of our software and services. We
incur substantial costs in order to obtain each new customer. We may expend significant funds and
management resources during the sales cycle and ultimately fail to close the sale. Our sales cycle
may be extended due to our customers’ budgetary constraints or for other reasons. If we are
unsuccessful in closing sales after expending significant funds and management resources or we
experience delays, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations.

Many of our customers are subject to a regulatory environment and to industry standards that may
change in a manner that reduces the number of transactions in which our customers engage and
therefore reduces our revenues.

     Our customers are subject to a number of government regulations and industry standards with
which our services must comply. For example, our services are affected by VISA, MasterCard,
American Express and electronic payment standards that are generally updated twice annually. In
addition, action by regulatory authorities relating to credit availability, data usage, privacy, or
other related regulatory developments could have an adverse effect on our customers and therefore
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations.

Security breaches or our own failure to comply with privacy regulations imposed on providers of
services to financial institutions could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services
and damaging our reputation.

     As part of our business, we electronically receive, process, store and transmit sensitive
business information of our customers. In addition, we collect personal consumer data, such as
names and addresses, social security numbers, driver’s license numbers and payment history records.
Unauthorized access to our computer systems or databases could result in the theft or publication
of confidential information or the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause
interruptions in our operations. These concerns about security are increased when we transmit
information over the Internet.

     Additionally, as a provider of services to financial institutions, we are bound by the same
limitations on disclosure of the information we receive from our customers as apply to the
financial institutions themselves. If we fail to comply with these regulations, we could be exposed
to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings. In addition, if more restrictive
privacy laws or rules are adopted in the future on the federal or state level, that could have an
adverse impact on us. Any inability to prevent security or privacy breaches could cause our
existing customers to lose confidence in our systems and terminate their agreements with us, and
could inhibit our ability to attract new customers and/or adversely impact our relationship with
administrative agencies.

Misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our competitive
position.

     Our ability to compete depends upon proprietary systems and technology. Despite our efforts to
protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or
to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our
proprietary rights is difficult. We cannot make any assurances that the steps we have taken will
prevent misappropriation of technology or that the agreements entered into for that purpose will be
enforceable. Effective trademark, service mark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be
available in every country in which our applications and services are made available online.
Misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

10

Table of Contents

We face liability to our merchant customers if checks that we have guaranteed are dishonored by the
check writer’s bank.

     If a check that we have guaranteed is dishonored by the check writer’s bank, we must reimburse
our merchant customer for the check’s face value and pursue collection of the amount from the check
writer. In some cases, we recognize a liability to our merchant customers for estimated check
returns and a receivable for amounts we estimate we will recover from the check writers, based on
historical experience and other relevant factors. The estimated check returns and recovery amounts
are subject to the risk that actual amounts returned may exceed our estimates and actual amounts
recovered may be less than our estimates.

If our applications or services are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, we may be
required to change our business practices and may also become subject to significant costs and
monetary penalties.

     As our information technology applications and services develop, we may become increasingly
subject to infringement claims. Any claims, whether with or without merit, could: (i) be expensive
and time-consuming to defend; (ii) cause us to cease making, licensing or using applications that
incorporate the challenged intellectual property; (iii) require us to redesign our applications, if
feasible; (iv) divert management’s attention and resources; and (v) require us to enter into
royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies.

Our business is subject to the risks of international operations, including movements in foreign
currency exchange rates.

     We derive a significant portion of our revenue and earnings from international operations. As
a result, our financial condition and operating results could be significantly affected by risks
associated with international activities, including economic and labor conditions, political
instability, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign subsidiaries), and changes in the value of
the U.S. Dollar versus local currencies. In addition, we are less well-known internationally than
in the United States, have less experience with local business conditions and will face challenges
in successfully managing small operations located far from our headquarters, because of the greater
difficulty in overseeing and guiding operations from a distance.

     As we expand our international operations, more of our customers may pay us in foreign
currencies. Conducting business in currencies other than U.S. Dollars subjects us to fluctuations
in currency exchange rates. Our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates
relate to foreign currencies in Brazil, Europe, Australia and parts of Asia. The U.S. Dollar value
of our net investments in foreign operations, the periodic conversion of foreign-denominated
earnings to the U.S. Dollar (our reporting currency), our results of operations and, in some cases,
cash flows, could be adversely affected in a material manner by movements in foreign currency
exchange rates. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2008, approximately 17% of our revenues
were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, including the Brazilian Real, British
pound and Euro. These risks could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial
position and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline.

Our existing levels of leverage and debt service requirements may adversely affect our financial
and operational flexibility.

     As of December 31, 2008, we had total debt of approximately $2.5 billion. This level of debt
could have important consequences to us, including the following: (i) the debt level may cause us
to have difficulty borrowing money in the future for working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions or other purposes and limits our ability to pursue other business opportunities and
implement certain business strategies; (ii) we use a large portion of the money we earn to pay
principal and interest on our senior credit facilities, which reduces the amount of money available
to finance operations, acquisitions and other business activities, repay other indebtedness and pay
shareholder dividends; (iii) some of our debt has a variable rate of interest, which exposes us to
the risk of increased interest rates; and (iv) we have a higher level of debt than some of our
competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce flexibility in responding to
changing business and economic conditions, including increased competition.

     In addition, the terms of our senior credit facilities may restrict us from taking actions,
such as making significant acquisitions or dispositions or entering into certain agreements, which
we might believe to be advantageous to us.

If we are unable to successfully consummate and integrate acquisitions, our results of operations
may be adversely affected.

     We have made numerous acquisitions in recent years as a part of our growth strategy. We
anticipate that we will continue to seek to acquire complementary businesses and services. This
strategy will depend on the ability to find suitable acquisitions and finance them

11

Table of Contents

on acceptable terms. We may require additional debt or equity financing for future
acquisitions, and doing so will be made more difficult by our existing debt. If we are unable to
acquire suitable acquisition candidates, we may experience slower growth. Further, after
successfully completing acquisitions, we face challenges in integrating acquired businesses. These
challenges include eliminating redundant operations, facilities and systems, coordinating
management and personnel, retaining key employees, managing different corporate cultures, and
achieving cost reductions and cross-selling opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will
be able to fully integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or fully realize the
potential benefits of bringing them together, and the process of integrating these acquisitions may
disrupt our business and divert our resources.

We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect from the LPS spin-off.

     We may not be able to achieve the strategic and financial benefits we expected to result from
the LPS spin-off or such benefits may be delayed. These outcomes may occur due to, among other
things, the loss of synergies, excess costs the two companies will incur as stand-alone entities,
or the obligations imposed on us to avoid certain transactions in respect of our capital stock in
order to preserve the planned tax-free nature of the transactions.

If any part of the LPS spin-off is determined to be a taxable transaction, then additional taxes
could be imposed on us and our shareholders.

     On June 20, 2008, we received a favorable private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service (“IRS”) regarding the contribution of our interest in the assets, liabilities, businesses
and employees related to our lender processing services operations in exchange for the receipt by
us of LPS common stock and LPS debt obligations, which we refer to as the contribution, the
exchange by us of LPS debt obligations for certain outstanding FIS debt, which we refer to as the
debt exchange, and the distribution of LPS common stock to our shareholders, which we refer to as
the spin-off. The IRS ruling was to the effect that: (i) the contribution taking into account the
spin-off will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which we refer to as the Code, in which neither we nor LPS will
recognize any gain or loss; (ii) no gain or loss will be recognized by us in the debt exchange,
pursuant to Section 361 of the Code; and (iii) no gain or loss will be recognized by us or our
shareholders on the spin-off, pursuant to Section 355 and related provisions of the Code (including
Section 361(c) of the Code), except that any gain that our shareholders realize on cash received in
lieu of any fractional shares of our common stock to which such shareholders may be entitled in the
spin-off generally will be taxable to our shareholders.

     Notwithstanding our receipt of the IRS private letter ruling, the IRS could determine that the
contribution, debt exchange and/or spin-off constitute taxable transactions if it determines that
there was a misstatement or omission of any of the facts, representations, or undertakings that
were included in the request for the private letter ruling, or if it disagrees with our conclusions
reached regarding certain factual requirements that, consistent with the IRS’ standard ruling
policy, were not covered by the IRS ruling.

     If one or more of the contribution, debt exchange or spin-off transactions ultimately were
determined to be subject to tax, we would recognize gain and the amount of that gain would be up to
the excess of the fair market value of the LPS stock and debt obligations we received in the
contribution over our basis in the assets we contributed to LPS in the contribution. The amount of
such gain could be substantial. Further, if the spin-off transaction were subject to tax, in
addition to tax imposed on us, our shareholders generally would be treated as if they received a
taxable distribution equal to the full fair market value of LPS stock on the distribution date. In
addition, we could be subject to tax on certain of the preliminary asset transfers that were made
in connection with the contribution transaction.

     Notwithstanding the favorable IRS ruling that the spin-off qualified for tax-free treatment,
it would become taxable to us, pursuant to Section 355(e) of the Code, if 50% or more of the shares
of either our common stock or LPS common stock were acquired, directly or indirectly, as part of a
plan or series of related transactions that included the spin-off. If the IRS were to determine
that acquisitions of our common stock or of LPS common stock, either before or after the spin-off,
were part of a plan or series of related transactions that included the spin-off, this
determination could result in the recognition of substantial gain by us under Section 355(e).

     Although the taxes resulting from the contribution, debt exchange or spin-off not qualifying
for tax-free treatment for United States Federal income tax purposes generally would be imposed on
us and our shareholders, under the tax disaffiliation agreement entered into by us and LPS in
connection with the distribution, LPS would be required to indemnify us and our affiliates against
all tax related liabilities caused by the failure of any of those transactions to qualify for
tax-free treatment for United States Federal income tax purposes (including as a result of Section
355(e) of the Code) to the extent these liabilities arise as a result of any action taken by LPS or
any of LPS’ affiliates following the spin-off or otherwise result from any breach of any
representation, covenant or obligation of LPS or any of LPS’ affiliates under the tax
disaffiliation agreement.

12

Table of Contents

     There is no guaranty that LPS will have financial resources to satisfy any such
indemnification obligation described above.

The executive chairman of our board of directors and other officers and directors have interests
and positions that could present potential conflicts.

     We and certain of our subsidiaries are parties to a variety of related party agreements with
FNF and LPS. William P. Foley, II, who is our Executive Chairman, is currently the Chairman of the
board of directors of both FNF and LPS. Lee A. Kennedy, who serves as President and Chief Executive
Officer of our company, is also a director of LPS. Brent B. Bickett, who is an officer of FIS, is
also an officer of FNF and LPS. William P. Foley, II and Brent B. Bickett also own or hold
substantial amounts of LPS and FNF stock and stock options. Thomas M. Hagerty and Richard N.
Massey, who are both directors of FIS, are also directors of FNF. As a result of the foregoing,
there may be circumstances where certain of our executive officers and directors may be subject to
conflicts of interest with respect to, among other things: (i) our past and ongoing relationships
with FNF and LPS, including related party agreements and other arrangements with respect to the
administration of tax matters, employee benefits and indemnification; (ii) the quality, pricing and
other terms associated with services that we provide to FNF and LPS, or that they provide to us,
under related party agreements; (iii) business opportunities arising for either us, FNF or LPS,
that could be pursued by either us, or by FNF or LPS; and (iv) conflicts of time with respect to
matters potentially or actually involving or affecting FIS.

     We seek to manage these potential conflicts through, abstention, oversight by independent
members of our board of directors and provisions in our agreements with FNF and LPS. However, there
can be no assurance that such measures will be effective or that we will be able to resolve all
potential conflicts with FNF and LPS, or that the resolution of any such conflicts will be no less
favorable to us than if we were dealing with an unaffiliated third party.

We have substantial investments in recorded goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of
prior acquisitions, and a further more severe or continued economic downturn could cause these
investments to become impaired, requiring write-downs that would reduce our operating income.

     As of December 31, 2008, goodwill aggregated to approximately $4,194.0 million, 55.8% of
total assets, and other indefinite lived intangible assets aggregated to approximately $152.0
million, 2.0% of total assets. Current accounting rules require goodwill and other indefinite
lived intangible assets to be assessed for impairment at least annually or whenever changes in
circumstances indicate potential impairment. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstance include significant
underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, a significant
decline in our stock price and market capitalization, and negative industry or economic trends.
The results of our fiscal year 2008 annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill indicated
that the fair value of the Company’s reporting units were in excess of the carrying value of those
reporting units, and thus no goodwill impairment existed as of December 31, 2008. Additionally,
other than with respect to our Certegy Check business, where we recorded an impairment charge of
$52.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, the fair value of indefinite lived intangible assets
was in excess of the carry value of those assets. However, if the current worldwide economic
downturn continues, the carrying amount of our goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible
assets may no longer be recoverable, and we may be required to record an impairment charge, which
would have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. We will continue
to monitor the fair value of our other indefinite lived intangible assets as well as our market
capitalization and the impact of the current economic downturn on our business to determine if
there is an impairment in future periods.

Consolidations and failures in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect
our business by eliminating some of our existing and potential customers and making us more
dependent on a more limited number of customers.

     There has been and continues to be substantial consolidation activity in the banking and
financial services industry. In addition, many financial institutions that experienced negative
operating results, including some of our customers, have failed.

     The failures and consolidations reduce the number of our customers and potential customers,
which could adversely affect our revenues even if the events do not reduce the aggregate activities
of the consolidated entities. Further, if our customers fail and/or merge with or are acquired by
other entities that are not our customers, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue
or reduce use of our services. It is also possible that larger financial institutions resulting
from consolidations would have greater leverage in negotiating terms or could decide to perform
in-house some or all of the services which we currently provide or could provide. Any of these
developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

13

Table of Contents

Losses, consolidations and failures in the financial services industry may impact our ability to
borrow funds or the ability of our lenders to fulfill their obligations under our interest rate
swap agreements.

     Many financial institutions are currently experiencing negative operating results. In some
cases, these negative operating results have led to financial institution failures and/or
consolidations, including, in some cases, lenders that are parties to our Credit Agreement and
interest rate swap agreements. As a result, lenders may become insolvent or tighten lending
standards, which could in turn make it more difficult or impossible for lenders to perform their
obligations under our interest rate swap agreements or for us to borrow under our Credit Agreement,
obtain financing on favorable terms, or obtain financing or interest rate swap agreements at all.
Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if a financial
institution fails to fulfill its obligations under our interest rate swap agreements or we are
unable to draw funds under our Credit Agreement or obtain other cost-effective financing.

Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information

     The statements contained in this Form 10-K or in our other documents or in oral presentations
or other statements made by our management that are not purely historical are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including statements regarding our expectations, hopes,
intentions, or strategies regarding the future. These statements relate to, among other things, our
future financial and operating results. In many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by terminology such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
“estimate,” “predict,” “potential,” or “continue,” or the negative of these terms and other
comparable terminology. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these
statements as a result of a number of factors, including, but not limited to:

•

general political, economic, and business conditions, including the possibility of intensified international hostilities,
acts of terrorism, and general volatility in the capital markets;

•

failures to adapt our services to changes in technology or in the marketplace;

•

consolidation or failures in the banking industry;

•

consolidation or failures in the retail industry;

•

security breaches of our systems and computer viruses affecting our software;

•

the impact of competitive services and pricing;

•

the ability to identify suitable acquisition candidates and the ability to finance such acquisitions, which depends upon
the availability of adequate cash reserves from operations or of acceptable financing terms and the variability of our
stock price;

•

our ability to integrate any acquired business’ operations, services, clients, and personnel;

•

the effect of our substantial leverage, which may limit the funds available to make acquisitions and invest in our business;

•

changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations, including privacy regulations; and

•

other risks detailed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

     We are not under any obligation (and expressly disclaim any such obligation) to update or
alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise. You should carefully consider the possibility that actual results may differ materially
from our forward-looking statements.