You should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with all
of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results from
operations could be materially and adversely affected and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Our acquisition strategy subjects us to
risks, including increased debt, assumption of unforeseen liabilities and difficulties in integrating operations. 

A major
contributor to our growth in revenues and net income since our inception has been our ability to identify, acquire and integrate similar or complementary businesses. We anticipate that we will continue to seek to acquire complementary businesses,
products and services. We may not be able to 

12 

Table of Contents

identify suitable acquisition candidates in the future, which could adversely affect our future growth. Businesses we
acquire may perform worse than expected or be more difficult to integrate and manage than expected, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. We may not be able to fully integrate all aspects of acquired businesses
successfully or fully realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. In addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our resources. These risks may arise for a number of reasons: 

•

We may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; 

•

We face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirors; 

•

We may need to borrow more money from lenders or sell equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us;

•

Changes in accounting, tax, securities or other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; 

•

We may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions; 

•

We may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; 

•

We may not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; 

•

We could enter markets where we have minimal prior experience; and 

•

We may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges. 

We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

The market for our services is competitive. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. Some of our competitors
have substantial resources. Since many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house, we often compete against our potential clients’ in-house capacities. In addition, we expect that the markets in
which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies including international providers of similar products and services to ours having a lower cost basis. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete
successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us in the markets in which we operate will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are unable to renew client contracts at favorable terms, we could lose clients and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely
affected. 

Failure to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts could negatively impact our business. Our contracts with our
clients for core services generally run for a period of 3-5 years in our Financial segment and provide for termination fees upon early termination. Renewal time presents our customers with the opportunity to consider other competitors or to
renegotiate their contracts with us. If we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates upon favorable terms, our revenues from such renewals and the associated earnings could be negatively impacted. 

If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not
successful, we could lose customers. 

The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes,
frequent introductions of new products and services and evolving industry standards. Our future success 

13 

Table of Contents

will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current products and services and develop and introduce new
products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. We may not be successful in developing, marketing and selling new products and services that meet these changing demands. In addition, we may
experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction and marketing of these services, or our new services and their enhancements may not adequately meet the demands of the marketplace and achieve market
acceptance. We are continually engaged in significant efforts to upgrade our applications. If we are unsuccessful in completing or gaining market acceptance of our upgrade efforts, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to
retain existing clients or attract new ones. 

Consolidation in the financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by eliminating
some of our existing and potential clients and could make us more dependent on a more limited number of clients. 

There has been and
continues to be merger, acquisition and consolidation activity in the financial services industry. Mergers or consolidations of financial institutions in the future could reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. If our clients merge
with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. In addition, it is possible that the larger financial institutions resulting from mergers
or consolidations could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services which we currently provide or could provide. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We may experience an operational failure in our outsourcing or transaction processing facilities which would harm our business and reputation. 

An operational failure in our outsourcing or transaction processing facilities could cause us to lose clients. Damage or destruction that interrupts
our provision of services could damage our relationship with certain clients and may cause us to incur substantial additional expense to repair or replace damaged equipment. We have installed back-up systems and procedures to prevent or reduce
disruption. A prolonged interruption of our services or network that extends for more than several hours could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenues by reason of such interruption. In addition, a significant interruption of
service could have a negative impact on our reputation and could lead our present and potential clients to choose service providers other than us. 

Our ability to compete in the health plan administration business requires us to arrange for network provider services with third parties over whom we have no control. 

In order to provide administrative services to our clients who sponsor self-insured health plans, we must, in most cases, arrange for these clients to
have access to a third party provider network. In any particular market, provider networks could refuse to contract with us or only do so on terms that would not allow us to compete with our competitors. If these provider networks refuse to contract
with us or only do so on terms that place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to compete or be profitable in those areas could be adversely affected. In addition, the large, national health insurance carriers with whom we compete for
administration services have their own proprietary networks which, in some instances allow them to offer our target clients access to a health care network which offers better discounts rates than we have access to, which may result in us being
required to offer lower prices for administrative services in order to compete for such clients. 

14 

Table of Contents

We may experience software defects, development delays and installation difficulties, which would harm our business
and reputation and expose us to potential liability. 

Our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we
may encounter delays when developing new applications and services. Further, the software underlying our services has occasionally contained and may in the future contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are
released. In addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technologies on platforms used by our clients. Defects in our software, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions or other difficulties could
result in interruption of business operations, delay in market acceptance, additional development and remediation costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of clients, negative publicity or exposure to liability claims. Although we
attempt to limit our potential liability through disclaimers and limitation-of-liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will be successful in limiting our liability. 

We have a long sales cycle for certain of our applications and if we fail to close sales after expending significant time and resources to do so, our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The implementation of our applications often involves
significant capital commitments by our clients, particularly those with smaller operational scale. Potential clients generally commit significant resources to an evaluation of available software and require us to expend substantial time, effort and
money educating them as to the value of our software and services. We may expend significant funds and management resources during the sales cycle and ultimately fail to close the sale. Our sales cycle may be extended due to our clients’
budgetary constraints or for other reasons. If we are unsuccessful in closing sales after expending significant funds and management resources or if we experience delays, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Security breaches or computer viruses could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our
reputation. 

As part of our transaction processing businesses, we electronically receive, process, store and transmit sensitive
business information of our customers. Unauthorized access to our computer systems could result in the theft or publication of confidential information or the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause interruptions in our
operations. These concerns about security are increased when we transmit information over the Internet. Computer viruses have also been distributed and have rapidly spread over the Internet. Computer viruses could infiltrate our systems, disrupting
our delivery of services and making our applications unavailable. Any inability to prevent security breaches or computer viruses could also cause existing clients to lose confidence in our systems and terminate their agreements with us and could
inhibit our ability to attract new clients. 

If we fail to comply with regulations imposed on providers of services to financial institutions, as a
trust company or as an administrator of health services or if the national flood program is amended or substantially changed, our businesses could be harmed. 

Our financial services data processing subsidiaries are not directly subject to federal or state regulations specifically applicable to financial institutions such as banks, thrifts and credit unions. However, as a
provider of services to these financial institutions, our data processing operations are examined on a regular basis by various federal and state regulatory authorities. 

Our health plan management services subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulatory oversight at both the federal and state levels covering licensing and other day-to-day operating policies and 

15 

Table of Contents

procedures. In addition, most of the health plan management services businesses are subject to HIPAA regulations that
govern the privacy and security of health information to protect against the unauthorized use or disclosure of health information. 

Our
trust subsidiaries are subject to the regulations of the Colorado Division of Banking. 

If we fail to comply with these regulations, we
could be exposed to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings, our client relationships and reputation could be harmed and we could be inhibited in our ability to obtain new clients. In addition, the future enactment of more
restrictive laws or rules on the federal or state level, or, with respect to our international operations, in foreign jurisdictions on the national, provincial, state or other level, could have an adverse impact on us. 

Our flood processing services business is dependant on administration of the national flood program by the U.S. government. If there should be amendments
with substantive changes to the national flood program, there could be an adverse impact on our revenues or costs of doing business. 

Misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our competitive position. 

Our
ability to compete depends upon proprietary systems and technology. We actively seek to protect our proprietary rights. Nevertheless, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as
proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult. The steps we have taken may not prevent misappropriation of technology. Agreements entered into for that purpose may not be enforceable. Effective patent, trademark,
service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available. Misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

If our applications or services are found to infringe the
proprietary rights of others, we may be required to change our business practices and may also become subject to significant costs and monetary penalties. 

As our information technology applications and services develop, we may become increasingly subject to infringement claims. Any claims, whether with or without merit, could: 

•

be expensive and time-consuming to defend; 

•

cause us to cease making, licensing or using applications that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 

•

require us to redesign our applications, if feasible; 

•

divert management’s attention and resources; and 

•

require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements to obtain the right to use necessary technologies. 

Third parties may assert infringement claims against us in the future with respect to our current or future applications and services.