You should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with all of the other
information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could
be materially and adversely affected and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are
unable to compete effectively, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

The market for our services
is competitive. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. Some of our competitors have substantial resources. Since many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications
in-house, we often compete against our potential clients’ in-house capacities. Our existing large clients may also explore the possibility of internally performing portions of the outsourced Internet banking and electronic billing and payment
services that we provide to them. In addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors, including international providers of similar products and services which may have lower cost structures than
ours. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us in the markets in which we operate will not materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace,
or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients. 

The markets for our products and
services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services and evolving industry standards. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce new products and
services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. We may not be successful in developing, marketing or selling new products and services that meet these
changing demands. In addition, we may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction or marketing of these services, or our new services and their enhancements may not adequately meet the demands of the
marketplace or achieve market acceptance. We continually engage in significant efforts to upgrade our applications. If we are unsuccessful in completing or gaining market acceptance of our upgrade efforts, it would likely have a material adverse
effect on our ability to retain existing clients or attract new ones. 

12 

Table of Contents

The market for our electronic transaction services is evolving and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough
to sustain profitability. 

If the number of electronic transactions does not continue to grow or if consumers or businesses do not
continue to adopt our services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe future growth in the electronic transactions market will be driven by the cost, ease-of-use, and
quality of products and services offered to consumers and businesses. In order to consistently increase and maintain our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to adopt our services. In addition, if we are unable to continue to
decrease the cost of processing transactions, our margins could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our electronic commerce business also relies on contracts with financial services organizations, businesses, billers, Internet portals and other third
parties to provide branding for our electronic commerce services and to market our services to their customers. These contracts are an important source of the growth in demand for our electronic commerce products. If any of these third parties
abandons, curtails or insufficiently increases its marketing efforts, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are unable to renew client contracts at favorable terms, we could lose clients and our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Failure to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts could negatively impact our business. Our contracts with our clients for core services generally
run for a period of three to five years in our Financial segment and provide for termination fees upon early termination. Our contracts with financial services organizations for electronic commerce services generally provide for terms of two to five
years. At the end of the contract term, clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us and to consider whether to engage one of our competitors to provide products and services. If we are not successful in achieving high renewal
rates with favorable terms, our revenues from such renewals and the associated earnings could be negatively impacted. 

The integration of Fiserv and
CheckFree may prove to be difficult and may strain our administrative, operational and financial resources. 

Our acquisition of
CheckFree is substantially larger than any of our previous acquisitions. The expansion of our business and operations resulting from the acquisition of CheckFree, including the differences in the strategies and infrastructures of our companies, may
strain our administrative, operational and financial resources. The integration of Fiserv and CheckFree will require the time, effort, attention and dedication of management resources and may distract management from their other responsibilities.
The integration process could create a number of potential challenges and adverse consequences, including the possible unexpected loss of key employees, clients or suppliers, a possible loss of sales, an increase in operating and other costs and the
need to modify and integrate operating and accounting controls and procedures as well as information systems. We may have difficulty integrating CheckFree’s operations with our operations, including with respect to coordinating geographically
separate organizations, coordinating marketing functions and consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures. In addition, the integration of CheckFree may subject us to liabilities existing at CheckFree, some of which may be material or
unknown. These types of challenges and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition of CheckFree. 

Our ability to realize the
anticipated benefits of the acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate the businesses of Fiserv and CheckFree, and we cannot assure you that the combination of the two companies will result in the realization of the
anticipated economic, operational and other benefits from the acquisition within expected time frames or at all. In particular, we have estimated that we will be able to achieve annual cost savings of more than $100 million and annual revenue
synergies of more than $125 million 

13 

Table of Contents

over the next several years as we integrate the CheckFree acquisition. Our ability to achieve those savings and synergies depends on a number of factors,
some of which are beyond our control, and we will not be able to fully assess these opportunities until after the integration is complete. As a result, the integration of CheckFree may not generate expected revenue synergies, cross-selling
opportunities or cost savings on the expected time frames or at all. If we are unable to successfully implement our planned integration with CheckFree and realize the expected benefits from the acquisition, our results of operations and cash flows
could be adversely affected. 

Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. The impairment of a significant portion
of these assets would negatively affect our financial results. 

Our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent
approximately 60% of our total assets at December 31, 2007. These assets consist primarily of goodwill and identified intangible assets associated with our acquisitions, including significant goodwill and intangible assets associated with our
acquisition of CheckFree. On at least an annual basis, we assess whether there has been an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets. If the carrying value of the asset is determined to be impaired, then it is written down
to fair value by a charge to operating earnings. Any determination resulting in the impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations and financial position, which could be
material. 

Increased leverage may harm our financial condition and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately $5.4 billion of long-term debt, including current maturities. We and our subsidiaries may incur
additional indebtedness in the future. Our current level of indebtedness and any future increase in our level of indebtedness could: increase our cash requirements to support the payment of interest; increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in
general economic and industry conditions; decrease our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate or other purposes; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our
business and our industry; and limit our flexibility to make acquisitions. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions and
financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated operations, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt and meet our other cash
requirements, we may be required, among other things: to seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; or to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures. Such
measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements. In addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available at all or on economically favorable terms. 

Consolidation in the financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and could make us more
dependent on a more limited number of clients. 

There has been and continues to be merger, acquisition and consolidation activity in the
financial services industry. Consolidations of financial institutions in the future could reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. If our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer
of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. In addition, it is possible that the larger financial institutions resulting from mergers or consolidations could decide to perform internally some or all of the services
that we currently provide or could provide. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Security breaches or computer viruses could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation. 

As part of our transaction processing businesses, we electronically receive, process, store and transmit sensitive business information of our clients and their customers. Unauthorized access to our computer systems 

14 

Table of Contents

could result in the theft or publication of confidential information or the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause interruptions in our
operations. These concerns about security are increased when we transmit information over the Internet. Computer viruses have also been distributed and have rapidly spread over the Internet. Computer viruses could infiltrate our systems, disrupting
our delivery of services and making our applications unavailable. Any inability to prevent security breaches or computer viruses could have a negative impact on our reputation, could expose us to liability, could decrease market acceptance of
electronic transactions and could cause our present and potential clients to choose another service provider. 

Operational failures in our outsourcing
or transaction processing facilities could harm our business and reputation. 

An operational failure in our outsourcing or transaction
processing facilities could cause us to lose clients. Damage or destruction that interrupts our provision of services could damage our relationship with clients and may cause us to incur substantial additional expense to repair or replace damaged
equipment. In addition, we may also be liable to third parties or owe service credits to our clients. We have installed back-up systems and procedures to prevent or reduce disruption. A prolonged interruption of our services or network that extends
for more than several hours could cause us to experience data loss or a reduction in revenues as a result of such interruption. In addition, a significant interruption of service could have a negative impact on our reputation and could cause our
present and potential clients to choose another service provider. 

Current economic conditions could negatively affect demand for our products and
services. 

Cyclical fluctuations in economic conditions affect the profitability and revenue growth of those that use our products and
services, including banks, credit unions and other financial institutions. As a result, unfavorable economic conditions that negatively impact the results of operations of financial institutions, such as losses from sub-prime mortgages, could
negatively impact spending of current and potential clients, and sales to new clients and upgrades or complementary product sales to existing clients could be negatively affected. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our acquisition strategy subjects us to risks, including increased debt, assumption of unforeseen liabilities and
difficulties in integrating operations. 

A major contributor to our growth in revenues and earnings since our inception has been our
ability to identify, acquire and integrate complementary businesses. We anticipate that we will continue to seek to acquire complementary businesses, products and services. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates in the
future, which could adversely affect our future growth. Businesses we acquire may not perform as well as expected or be more difficult to integrate and manage than expected, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. We may not
be able to fully integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or fully realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. In addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our
resources. These risks may arise for a number of reasons, including: 

•

 We may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms; 

•

 We face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; 

•

 We may need to borrow more money from lenders or sell equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions and the terms of these financings may
be adverse to us; 

•

 Changes in accounting, tax, securities or other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; 

•

 We may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with acquisitions; 

•

 We may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 We may not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; 

•

 We could enter markets where we have minimal prior experience; and 

•

 We may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges. 

We may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. 

Our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new applications and services.
Further, the software underlying our services has occasionally contained and may in the future contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. In addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or
integrating our technologies on platforms used by our clients. Defects in our software, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions or other difficulties could result in interruption of business operations, delay in market
acceptance, additional development and remediation costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of clients, negative publicity or exposure to liability claims. Although we attempt to limit our potential liability through disclaimers and
limitation of liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will successfully limit our liability. 

If we fail to comply with applicable regulations our businesses could be harmed. 

Our financial services data processing
subsidiaries are not directly subject to federal or state regulations specifically applicable to financial institutions such as banks, thrifts and credit unions. However, as a provider of services to these financial institutions, our data processing
operations are examined on a regular basis by various federal and state regulatory authorities. Specifically, we may be required to comply with, among other regulations, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, which governs the
privacy and security of health information, and the regulations pertaining to the National Flood Insurance Program. If we fail to comply with any applicable regulations, we could be exposed to suits for breach of contract or to governmental
proceedings, our client relationships and reputation could be harmed and we could be inhibited in our ability to obtain new clients. In addition, the future enactment of more restrictive laws or rules on the federal or state level, or, with respect
to our international operations, in foreign jurisdictions on the national, provincial, state or other level, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Our failure to comply with a series of complex regulations in our walk-in payment business could subject us to liability. 

CheckFreePay is licensed as a money transmitter in those states where such licensure is required. These licenses require us to demonstrate and maintain
certain levels of net worth and liquidity and also require us to file periodic reports. In addition, this business is subject to regulation in the United States by FinCEN, including anti-money laundering regulations and certain restrictions on
transactions to or from certain individuals or entities. The complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. In addition, any violations of law may result in civil or criminal penalties against us and our
officers or the prohibition against us providing money transmitter services in particular jurisdictions. 

Misappropriation of our intellectual property
and proprietary rights could impair our competitive position. 

Our ability to compete depends upon proprietary systems and technology.
We actively seek to protect our proprietary rights. Nevertheless, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is
difficult. The steps we have taken may not prevent misappropriation of our technology. Agreements entered into for that purpose may not be enforceable or provide us with an adequate remedy. Effective patent, trademark, service 

16 

Table of Contents

mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available. Misappropriation
of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

If our applications or services are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, we may be required to change our business practices or pay significant costs and monetary penalties. 

As our information technology applications and services develop, we may become increasingly subject to infringement claims. Any claims, whether with or
without merit, could: be expensive and time-consuming to defend; cause us to cease making, licensing or using applications that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; require us to redesign our applications, if feasible; divert
management’s attention and resources; and require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements to obtain the right to use necessary technologies. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us in the future with respect to our
current or future applications and services.