You should carefully consider each of the risks described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
before making an investment decision with respect to our securities. If any of the following risks develop into actual events, our business, financial condition or results from operations could be materially and adversely affected and you may lose
all or part of your investment. 

Our business may be adversely impacted by U.S. and global market and economic conditions. 

For the foreseeable future, we expect to continue to derive most of our revenue from products and services we provide to the financial services industry.
Given this concentration, we may be particularly exposed to the current global economic recession. For example, our Financial segment has been negatively impacted by a significant reduction in home-equity processing revenues resulting from the
decline in the U.S. mortgage markets. A poor economic environment could result in significant decreases in demand by current and potential clients for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

Consolidations and failures in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by
eliminating existing or potential clients and making us more dependent on a more limited number of clients. 

Many banks and financial
institutions are experiencing significant operating losses, including many of our clients. In some cases, these operating losses have resulted in the failure and/or consolidation of banks and other financial institutions. Failures, mergers and
consolidations of banks and financial institutions reduce the number of our clients and potential clients, which could adversely affect our revenues. Further, if our clients fail or merge with, or are acquired by, other entities that are not our
clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. It is also possible that the larger banks or financial institutions 

10 

resulting from mergers or consolidations would have greater leverage in negotiating terms with us or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the
services which we currently provide or could provide. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

The market for our services is competitive. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. Some of our competitors
have substantial resources. Since many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house, we often compete against our potential clients’ in-house capabilities. Our existing large clients may also
explore the possibility of internally performing portions of the outsourced Internet banking and electronic billing and payment services that we provide to them. In addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract
new competitors and new technologies, including international providers of similar products and services to ours, having a lower cost structure. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future
competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us in the markets in which we operate will not materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we fail to adapt our products and services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful,
we could lose clients. 

The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent
introductions of new products and services and evolving industry standards. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of
our clients and their customers will significantly affect our future success. We may not be successful in developing, marketing or selling new products and services that meet these changing demands. In addition, we may experience difficulties that
could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction or marketing of these services, or our new services and their enhancements may not adequately meet the demands of the marketplace or achieve market acceptance. We continually engage in
significant efforts to upgrade our products and services. If we are unsuccessful in completing or gaining market acceptance of new technology, it would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to retain existing clients or attract new
ones. 

If we are unable to renew client contracts at favorable terms, we could lose clients and our results of operations and financial condition may be
adversely affected. 

Failure to achieve favorable renewals of client contracts could negatively impact our business. Our contracts with
our clients for account processing services generally run for a period of three to five years in our Financial segment and provide for termination fees upon early termination. Our contracts with financial services organizations for electronic
commerce services generally provide for terms of two to five years. At the end of the contract term, clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us and to consider whether to engage one of our competitors to provide products and
services. In addition, it is possible that one or more clients could seek to renegotiate terms with us. If we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates and favorable contract terms, our results of operations and financial condition may be
adversely affected. 

The market for our electronic transaction services is evolving and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough to sustain
profitability. 

If the number of electronic transactions does not continue to grow or if consumers or businesses do not continue to
adopt our services, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe future growth in the electronic transactions market will be driven by the cost, ease-of-use, and quality of
products and services offered to consumers and businesses. In order to consistently increase and maintain our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to adopt our services. In addition, if we are unable to continue to decrease the cost
of processing transactions, our margins could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our 

11 

electronic commerce business also relies on contracts with financial services organizations, businesses, billers, Internet portals and other third parties to
provide branding for our electronic commerce services and to market our services to their customers. These contracts are an important source of the growth in demand for our electronic commerce products. If any of these third parties abandons,
curtails or insufficiently increases its marketing efforts, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. The impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our financial results. 

Our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent approximately 70% of our total assets at December 31, 2008. These assets
consist primarily of goodwill and identified intangible assets associated with our acquisitions, including significant goodwill and intangible assets associated with our acquisition of CheckFree. On at least an annual basis, we assess whether there
have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets. If the carrying value of the asset is determined to be impaired, then it is written down to fair value by a charge to operating earnings. An impairment of a significant
portion of goodwill or intangible assets could materially negatively affect our results of operations. 

We may be obligated to indemnify the purchasers
of Fiserv Health, Fiserv ISS or Fiserv Insurance pursuant to the terms of the relevant purchase and sale agreements. 

In 2008, we
completed the sale of several significant businesses. In connection with the sales, we made representations and warranties about the businesses and their financial affairs and agreed to be liable for certain liabilities resulting from our operation
of such businesses prior to the sale. Pursuant to the terms of the agreements, we may be obligated to indemnify the purchasers for certain material adverse events arising out of or related to our prior operation of the business and for any breach of
a representation or warranty. Our obligation to indemnify a purchaser in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may not complete the sale of the remainder of Fiserv ISS in the time frame we anticipate, or at all, and we are subject to the risks of the operation of that business. 

We have entered into an agreement to sell the remainder of Fiserv ISS, which primarily provides back office and custody services for self-directed
individual retirement accounts. The completion of the sale is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: the satisfaction of the conditions to the completion of the sale; the parties to the sale obtaining all necessary regulatory
approvals, including approval from the FDIC; legal proceedings that may be instituted against us or others; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the applicable disposition agreement;
and our ability to obtain the expected proceeds from the disposition. These and other factors could cause our ability to complete the disposition on the terms and within the time frame anticipated to be different than expected. Therefore, there is
no guarantee that we will be able to complete the transaction. We are subject to the risks of operating the remainder of the Fiserv ISS business until we complete the sale, or if we are unable to complete the sale, which include compliance with
applicable regulations, data security risks, and potential legal proceedings with respect to the operation of this business. Such risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be sued for infringing on the intellectual property rights of others. 

Third parties may claim that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. We may violate the rights of others without our knowledge. We may expose ourselves to additional liability if we agree to indemnify
our clients against third party infringement claims. If a litigant establishes that we are infringing its intellectual property rights, or that our intellectual property rights are invalid, we may be forced to change our products, services, or
manufacturing processes, and such changes may be expensive or impractical. We may then be forced to seek royalty or license agreements from such litigant. If we are unable to agree on acceptable terms, we may 

12 

be required to discontinue the sale of key products or halt other aspects of our operations. In addition, we may also be liable for significant financial
damages for a violation of intellectual property rights, and we may incur significant expense in connection with indemnifying our clients against losses suffered by them. Any adverse result related to violation of third party intellectual property
rights could materially and adversely harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if intellectual property claims brought against us are without merit, they may result in costly and time consuming litigation, and may
divert our management and key personnel from operating our business. 

Security breaches or computer viruses could harm our business by disrupting our
delivery of services and damaging our reputation. 

We electronically receive, process, store and transmit our clients’ and their
customers’ sensitive information. Unauthorized access to our computer systems could result in the theft or publication of confidential information or the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause interruptions in our
operations. These concerns about security are increased when we transmit information over the Internet. Computer viruses can be distributed and rapidly spread over the Internet. Computer viruses could infiltrate our systems, disrupting our delivery
of services and making our applications unavailable. Any inability to prevent security breaches or computer viruses could have a negative impact on our reputation, could expose us to liability, could decrease market acceptance of electronic
transactions and could cause our present and potential clients to choose another service provider. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Increased leverage may harm our financial condition and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately $4.1 billion of total long-term debt, including current maturities. We and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our current level of
indebtedness and any future increase in our level of indebtedness could: increase our cash requirements to support the payment of interest; increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions; decrease our
ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate or other purposes; limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and limit our flexibility to make
acquisitions. Our ability to make payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affecting our consolidated
operations, many of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future to service our debt and meet our other cash requirements, we may be required, among other things: to seek additional
financing in the debt or equity markets; to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; or to reduce or delay planned capital or operating expenditures. Such measures might not be sufficient to enable us to service our debt and
meet our other cash requirements. In addition, any such financing, refinancing or sale of assets might not be available at all or on economically favorable terms, particularly given current economic and credit market conditions. 

We may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition of CheckFree. 

Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate the businesses of Fiserv and CheckFree, and we cannot assure you that the combination
of the two companies will result in the realization of the anticipated economic, operational and other benefits from the acquisition within expected time frames or at all. In particular, we have estimated that we will be able to achieve annual cost
savings of more than $100 million and annual revenue synergies of more than $125 million over the next several years as we integrate the CheckFree acquisition. Our ability to achieve those savings and synergies depends on a number of factors, some
of which are beyond our control, and we will not be able to fully assess these opportunities until after the integration is complete. As a result, the integration of CheckFree may not generate expected revenue synergies, cross-selling opportunities
or cost savings on the expected time frames or at all. If we are unable to successfully implement our planned integration with CheckFree and realize the expected benefits from the acquisition, our results of operations and cash flows could be
adversely affected. 

13 

Our acquisition strategy subjects us to risks, including increased debt, assumption of unforeseen liabilities and
difficulties in integrating operations. 

A major contributor to our growth in revenues and earnings since our inception has been our
ability to identify, acquire and integrate complementary businesses. We anticipate that we will continue to seek to acquire complementary businesses, products and services. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates in the
future, which could adversely affect our future growth. Businesses we acquire may not perform as well as expected or be more difficult to integrate and manage than expected, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. We may not
be able to fully integrate all aspects of acquired businesses successfully or fully realize the potential benefits of bringing them together. In addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt our business and divert our
resources. 

These risks may arise for a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable
valuations or on other acceptable terms; we face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow more money from lenders or sell equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions and the terms
of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in accounting, tax, securities or other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with
acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; we may not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets where we
have minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges. 

Operational failures in our
outsourcing or transaction processing facilities could harm our business and reputation. 

An operational failure in our outsourcing or
transaction processing facilities could cause us to lose clients. Damage or destruction that interrupts our provision of services could damage our relationship with clients and may cause us to incur substantial additional expense to repair or
replace damaged equipment. In addition, we may also be liable to third parties or owe service credits to our clients. A prolonged interruption of our services or network that extends for more than several hours could cause us to experience data loss
or a reduction in revenues as a result of such interruption. In addition, a significant interruption of service could have a negative impact on our reputation and could cause our present and potential clients to choose another service provider.

We may experience software defects, development delays or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to
potential liability. 

Our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when
developing new applications and services. Further, the software underlying our services has occasionally contained and may in the future contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. In addition, we
may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technologies on platforms used by our clients. Defects in our software, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions or other difficulties could result in interruption of
business operations, delay in market acceptance, additional development and remediation costs, diversion of technical and other resources, loss of clients, negative publicity or exposure to liability claims. Although we attempt to limit our
potential liability through disclaimers and limitation of liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will successfully limit our liability. 

Misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our competitive position. 

Our ability to compete depends upon proprietary systems and technology. We actively seek to protect our proprietary rights. Nevertheless, unauthorized
parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. The steps we have taken may not prevent misappropriation of technology. Agreements entered into for that purpose may not be
enforceable or provide us with an adequate 

14 

remedy. Effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and
services are made available. Misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

If we fail to comply with applicable regulations our businesses could be harmed. 

Our financial services data processing subsidiaries are not directly subject to federal or state regulations specifically applicable to financial institutions such as banks, thrifts and credit unions. However, as a
provider of services to these financial institutions, our data processing operations are examined on a regular basis by various federal and state regulatory authorities. If we fail to comply with any applicable regulations, we could be exposed to
suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings, our client relationships and reputation could be harmed and we could be inhibited in our ability to obtain new clients. In addition, the future enactment of more restrictive laws or rules
on the federal or state level, or, with respect to our international operations, in foreign jurisdictions on the national, provincial, state or other level, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition.

Our failure to comply with a series of complex regulations in our walk-in payment business could subject us to liability. 

CheckFreePay is licensed as a money transmitter in those states where such licensure is required. These licenses require us to demonstrate and maintain
certain levels of net worth and liquidity and also require us to file periodic reports. In addition, this business is subject to regulation in the United States by FinCEN, including anti-money laundering regulations and certain restrictions on
transactions to or from certain individuals or entities. The complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. In addition, any violations of law may result in civil or criminal penalties against us and our
officers or the prohibition against us providing money transmitter services in particular jurisdictions.