22

Statements of Income Analysis

25

Business Segment Review

31

Fourth Quarter Review

34

Balance Sheet Analysis

35

Risk Management

38

Management’s Assessment as to the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

48

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

49

 Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Income

50

Consolidated Balance Sheets

51

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity

52

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

53

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies

 54

Related Party Transactions

70

Securities

 59

Other Comprehensive Income

70

Loans and Leases and Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses

 61    

Common Stock and Treasury Stock

71

Bank Premises and Equipment

 62

Stock-Based Compensation

72

Goodwill

 62

Other Noninterest Income and Other Noninterest Expense

74

Intangible Assets

 62

Sales and Transfers of Loans

74

Servicing Rights

 63

Income Taxes

76

Derivatives

 63

Retirement and Benefit Plans

77

Other Assets

 66

Earnings Per Share

78

Short-Term Borrowings

 66

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

79

Long-Term Debt

 67

Business Combinations

79

Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

 68

Certain Regulatory Requirements and Capital Ratios

80

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

 68

Parent Company Financial Statements

81

Guarantees

 69

Segments

82

Annual Report on Form 10-K

84

Consolidated Ten Year Comparison

95

Directors and Officers

96

 Corporate Information

97

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report may contain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third Bancorp and/or the company as combined acquired entities within the meaning of Sections 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Rule 175 promulgated thereunder, and 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder, that involve inherent risks and uncertainties. This report may contain certain forward-looking statements
with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of Fifth Third Bancorp and/or the combined company including statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words or phrases
such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “trend,” “objective,” “continue,” “remain” or similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as
“will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “might,” “can,” “may” or similar expressions. There are a number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially from
historical performance and these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) general economic conditions, either national or in the states in which Fifth Third, one or more
acquired entities and/or the combined company do business, are less favorable than expected; (2) political developments, wars or other hostilities may disrupt or increase volatility in securities markets or other economic conditions;
(3) changes in the interest rate environment reduce interest margins; (4) prepayment speeds, loan origination and sale volumes, charge-offs and loan loss provisions; (5) changes and trends in capital markets; (6) competitive
pressures among depository institutions increase significantly; (7) effects of critical accounting policies and judgments; (8) changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or
other regulatory agencies; (9) legislative or regulatory changes or actions, or significant litigation, adversely affect Fifth Third, one or more acquired entities and/or the combined company or the businesses in which Fifth Third, one or more
acquired entities and/or the combined company are engaged; (10) ability to maintain favorable ratings from rating agencies; (11) fluctuation of Fifth Third’s stock price; (12) ability to attract and retain key personnel;
(13) ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries; (14) potentially dilutive effect of future acquisitions on current shareholders’ ownership of Fifth Third; (15) difficulties in combining the operations of acquired
entities; (16) ability to secure confidential information through the use of computer systems and telecommunications network; and (17) the impact of reputational risk created by these developments on such matters as business generation and
retention, funding and liquidity. Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to release revisions to these forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report. 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following is management’s
discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have affected Fifth Third Bancorp’s (the “Bancorp” or “Fifth Third”) financial condition and results of operations during the periods included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements, which are a part of this report. Reference to the Bancorp incorporates the parent holding company and all consolidated subsidiaries. 

TABLE 1: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions,
except per share data)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income (a)

$2,899

2,996

3,048

2,944

2,738

 Noninterest income

2,153

2,500

2,465

2,483

2,183

     Total revenue (a)

5,052

5,496

5,513

5,427

4,921

 Provision for loan and lease losses

343

330

268

399

246

 Noninterest expense

3,056

2,927

2,972

2,551

2,337

 Net income

1,188

1,549

1,525

1,665

1,531

 Common Share Data

 Earnings per share, basic

$2.14

2.79

2.72

2.91

2.64

 Earnings per share, diluted

2.13

2.77

2.68

2.87

2.59

 Cash dividends per common share

1.58

1.46

1.31

1.13

.98

 Book value per share

18.02

17.00

16.00

15.29

14.98

 Dividend payout ratio

74.2

%

52.7

48.9

39.4

37.8

 Financial Ratios

 Return on average assets

1.13

%

1.50

1.61

1.90

2.04

 Return on average equity

12.1

16.6

17.2

19.0

18.4

 Average equity as a percent of average assets

9.32

9.06

9.34

10.01

11.08

 Tangible equity

7.79

6.87

8.35

8.56

9.54

 Net interest margin (a)

3.06

3.23

3.48

3.62

3.96

 Efficiency (a)

60.5

53.2

53.9

47.0

47.5

 Credit Quality

 Net losses charged off

$316

299

252

312

187

 Net losses charged off as a percent of average loans and leases

.44

%

.45

.45

.63

.43

 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of loans and leases (b)

1.04

1.06

1.19

1.33

1.49

 Allowance for credit losses as a percent of loans and leases (b)

1.14

1.16

1.31

1.47

1.49

 Nonperforming assets as a percent of loans, leases and other assets, including other
real estate owned

.61

.52

.51

.61

.59

 Average Balances

 Loans and leases, including held for sale

$73,493

67,737

57,042

52,414

45,539

 Total securities and other short-term investments

21,288

24,999

30,597

28,947

23,585

 Total assets

105,238

102,876

94,896

87,481

75,037

 Transaction deposits

48,946

47,929

43,175

40,370

35,819

 Core deposits

59,446

56,420

49,383

46,796

44,674

 Wholesale funding

32,423

33,863

33,714

28,814

19,086

 Shareholders’ equity

9,811

9,317

8,860

8,754

8,317

 Regulatory Capital Ratios

 Tier I capital

8.39

%

8.35

10.31

10.97

11.70

 Total risk-based capital

11.07

10.42

12.31

13.42

13.51

 Tier I leverage

8.44

8.08

8.89

9.11

9.73

 (a)

 Amounts presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis (“FTE”). The taxable equivalent adjustments for years ending December 31, 2006, 2005,
2004, 2003 and 2002 are $26 million, $31 million, $36 million, $39 million and $39 million, respectively. 

 (b)

 At December 31, 2004, the reserve for unfunded commitments was reclassified from the allowance for loan and lease losses to other liabilities. The 2003
year-end reserve for unfunded commitments has been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. The allowance for credit losses is the sum of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded commitments.

 TABLE 2: QUARTERLY INFORMATION

2006

2005

 For the three months ended ($ in millions, except per share data)

12/31

9/30

6/30

3/31

12/31

9/30

6/30

3/31

 Net interest income (FTE)

$744

719

716

718

735

745

758

759

 Provision for loan and lease losses

107

87

71

78

134

69

60

67

 Noninterest income

219

662

655

617

636

622

635

607

 Noninterest expense

798

767

759

731

763

732

728

705

 Income before cumulative effect

66

377

382

359

332

395

417

405

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

-

-

4

-

-

-

-

 Net income

66

377

382

363

332

395

417

405

 Earnings per share, basic

.12

.68

.69

.66

.60

.71

.75

.73

 Earnings per share, diluted

.12

.68

.69

.65

.60

.71

.75

.72

18    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW 

 This overview of management’s discussion and analysis highlights selected information in the financial results of the Bancorp and may not contain all
of the information that is important to you. For a more complete understanding of trends, events, commitments, uncertainties, liquidity, capital resources and critical accounting policies and estimates, you should carefully read this entire
document. Each of these items could have an impact on the Bancorp’s financial condition and results of operations. 

The
Bancorp is a diversified financial services company headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. At December 31, 2006, the Bancorp had $100.7 billion in assets, operated 19 affiliates with 1,150 full-service Banking Centers including 111 Bank Mart®

 locations open seven days a week inside select grocery
stores and 2,096 Jeanie
®

 ATMs in Ohio, Kentucky,
Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Missouri. The Bancorp reports on five business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, Investment Advisors and Fifth Third Processing Solutions
(“FTPS”). During the first quarter of 2006, the Bancorp began separating its Retail line of business into the Branch Banking and Consumer Lending business segments. All prior year information has been updated to reflect this presentation.

The Bancorp believes that banking is first and foremost a relationship business where the strength of the competition and
challenges for growth can vary in every market. Its affiliate operating model provides a competitive advantage by keeping the decisions close to the customer and by emphasizing individual relationships. Through its affiliate operating model,
individual managers from the banking center to the executive level are given the opportunity to tailor financial solutions for their customers. 

The Bancorp’s revenues are fairly evenly dependent on net interest income and noninterest income. During 2006, net interest income, on a fully taxable equivalent (“FTE”) basis, and noninterest income
provided 57% and 43% of total revenue, respectively. Excluding fourth quarter balance sheet actions discussed later in this section, net interest income (FTE) and noninterest income provided 53% and 47% of total revenue, respectively; comparison
being provided to supplement an understanding of fundamental revenue trends. Therefore, changes in interest rates, credit quality, economic trends and the capital markets are primary factors that drive the performance of the Bancorp. As discussed
later in the Risk Management section, risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting are important to the management of risk and to the financial performance and capital strength of the Bancorp. 

Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on assets such as loans, leases and securities, and interest expense
paid on liabilities such as deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is affected by the general level of interest rates, the relative level of short-term and long-term interest rates, changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and
composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Generally, the rates of interest the Bancorp earns on its assets and owes on its liabilities are established for a period of time. The change in market interest rates over time
exposes the Bancorp to interest rate risk through potential adverse changes to net interest income and financial position. The Bancorp manages this risk by continually analyzing and adjusting the composition of its assets and liabilities based on
their payment streams and interest rates, the timing of their maturities and their sensitivity to changes in market interest rates. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp enters into certain derivative transactions as part of
its overall strategy to manage its interest rate and prepayment risks. The Bancorp is also exposed to the risk of losses on its loan and lease portfolio as a result of changing 

 expected cash flows caused by loan defaults and
inadequate collateral, among other factors. 

Net interest income, net interest margin, net interest rate spread and the
efficiency ratio are presented in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on an FTE basis. The FTE basis adjusts for the tax-favored status of income from certain loans and securities held by the
Bancorp that are not taxable for federal income tax purposes. The Bancorp believes this presentation to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income as it provides a relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable amounts.

Noninterest income is derived primarily from electronic funds transfer (“EFT”) and merchant transaction
processing fees, card interchange, fiduciary and investment management fees, corporate banking revenue, service charges on deposits and mortgage banking revenue. 

Earnings Summary 

The Bancorp’s net income was $1.19 billion or $2.13 per diluted share
in 2006, a 23% decrease compared to $1.55 billion and $2.77 per diluted share in 2005. These results reflect the impact of the balance sheet actions announced and completed during the fourth quarter of 2006, which resulted in a pretax loss of $454
million. Specifically, these balance sheet actions included: 

 •

 Sale of $11.3 billion in available-for-sale securities with a weighted-average yield of 4.30%; 

 •

 Reinvestment of approximately $2.8 billion in available-for-sale securities that are more efficient when used as collateral for pledging purposes;

 •

 Repayment of $8.5 billion in wholesale borrowings at a weighted-average rate paid of 5.30%; and 

 •

 Termination of approximately $1.1 billion of repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements. 

These actions were taken to improve the asset/liability profile of the Bancorp and reduce the size of the Bancorp’s available-for-sale securities
portfolio to a size that is more consistent with its liquidity, collateral and interest rate risk management requirements; improve the composition of the balance sheet with a lower concentration in fixed-rate assets; lower wholesale borrowings to
reduce leverage; and better position the Bancorp for an uncertain economic and interest rate environment. The pretax losses consisted of: 

 •

 $398 million in losses on the sale of securities; 

 •

 $17 million in losses on derivatives to hedge the price of the securities sold, recorded in other noninterest income; and 

 •

 $39 million in charges related to the termination of certain repurchase and reverse repurchase financing agreements, recorded in other noninterest expense.

Net interest income (FTE) decreased three percent compared to 2005. Net interest margin decreased to 3.06% in 2006 from
3.23% in 2005 largely due to rising short-term interest rates, the impact of the primarily fixed-rate securities portfolio and mix shifts within the core deposit base from demand deposit and interest checking categories to savings, money market and
other time deposit categories paying higher rates of interest. 

Noninterest income decreased 14% in 2006 compared to 2005
primarily due to the securities and related derivative losses from the balance sheet actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2006 totaling $415 million. Excluding these losses, noninterest income increased $68 million, or three percent, compared to
2005 due to continued strong growth in electronic payment processing and corporate banking revenue offset by a $19 million decline in mortgage banking revenue. Noninterest expense increased four percent compared to 2005 primarily due to increases in
volume-related bankcard expenditures, equipment expenditures and 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    19 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

occupancy expense related to the addition of de novo banking centers, investments in technology and the $39 million in charges related to the termination of
certain repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements. Excluding the $39 million, noninterest expense increased by three percent. 

In 2006, net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases were 44 basis points (“bp”) compared to 45 bp in 2005. At December 31, 2006, nonperforming assets as a percent of loans and leases increased to .61% from .52%
at December 31, 2005. 

The Bancorp’s capital ratios exceed the “well-capitalized” guidelines as defined
by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“FRB”). As of December 31, 2006, the Tier I capital ratio was 8.39% and the total risk-based capital ratio was 11.07%. 

The Bancorp continues to invest in the geographic areas that offer the best growth prospects, as it believes this investment is the most
cost efficient method of expansion within its largest affiliate markets. During 2006, the Bancorp opened 51 net new banking centers (excluding relocations and consolidations of existing facilities) with plans to add a similar amount in high-growth
markets during 2007. 

2007 Outlook 

The following outlook represents management’s expectations for key financial statement results in 2007. The outlook reflects expectations for growth rates in 2007 compared to the full year 2006 or for a range of
expected results in 2007. Our outlook is based on current expectations as of the date of this report for results within our businesses; prevailing views related to economic growth, inflation, unemployment and other economic factors; and market
forward interest rate 

expectations. These expectations are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the forward-looking statements on page 17 and the risk
factors on pages 22-24 for more information. 

Management expects that the annualized net charge-off ratio in the first
quarter of 2007 will be below the range expected for the full year 2007. Management also expects that noninterest expense in the first quarter of 2007 will include a seasonal increase of approximately $15 million to $20 million in FICA and
unemployment insurance expense compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. These first quarter expectations are included in the full-year outlook provided below. 

 Category

 Growth, Percentage

or bp range

 Net interest income

High single digits

 Net interest margin

3.35-3.45%

 Noninterest income*

High single digits

 Noninterest expense**

Mid single digits

 Loans

High single digits

 Core deposits

Mid single digits

 Net charge-offs

Low to mid 50 bp

 Effective tax rate

29-30%

 Tangible equity/tangible asset ratio

2007 year-end target 7%

 *

 Comparison with the prior year excludes $415 million of losses recorded in noninterest income related to fourth quarter of 2006 balance sheet actions.

 **

 Comparison with the prior year excludes $49 million of charges: $10 million in third quarter of 2006 related to the early retirement of debt and $39 million
in fourth quarter of 2006 related to termination of financing agreements. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

 In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (“SFAS”)
No. 123 (Revised 2004), “Share-Based Payment.” This Statement requires measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award with the cost
to be recognized over the service period. As the Bancorp has previously adopted the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123 using the retroactive restatement method described in SFAS No. 148, “Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation – Transition and Disclosure – an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 123.” The adoption of this Statement did not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, “Employer’s Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans – An Amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R).” This Statement amends the current accounting for pensions and postretirement benefits by requiring an entity to recognize the overfunded or

underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position and to recognize changes in that
funded status in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. This Statement also requires recognition, as a component of other comprehensive income (net of tax), of the actuarial gains and losses and the prior service costs and
credits that arise during the period, but are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost pursuant to SFAS No. 87 and No. 106. Additionally, this Statement requires an entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and
obligations as of the date of the employer’s fiscal year-end statement of financial position. The Bancorp adopted this Statement on December 31, 2006. The effect of this Statement was to recognize $59 million, after-tax, of net actuarial
losses and prior service cost as a reduction to accumulated other comprehensive income. 

See Note 1 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

The Bancorp maintains an allowance to absorb probable loan and lease losses inherent in the portfolio. The allowance is maintained at a level the Bancorp considers to be adequate and is based on ongoing quarterly assessments and evaluations
of the collectibility and historical loss experience of loans and leases. Credit losses are charged and recoveries are credited to the allowance. Provisions for loan and lease losses are based on the Bancorp’s review of the historical credit
loss experience and such factors that, in management’s judgment, deserve consideration under existing economic conditions in estimating probable credit losses. In determining the appropriate level of the allowance, the Bancorp estimates losses
using a range derived from “base” and “conservative” estimates. The Bancorp’s strategy for credit risk management includes a combination of conservative exposure limits 

significantly below legal lending limits and conservative underwriting, documentation and collections standards. The strategy also emphasizes diversification
on a geographic, industry and customer level, regular credit examinations and quarterly management reviews of large credit exposures and loans experiencing deterioration of credit quality. 

Larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weakness are subject to individual review. When individual loans are
impaired, allowances are allocated based on management’s estimate of the borrower’s ability to repay the loan given the availability of collateral, other sources of cash flow and legal options available to the Bancorp. The review of
individual loans includes those loans that are impaired as provided in SFAS No. 114, “Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan.” Any allowances for impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash
flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or the fair value of the underlying 

20    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

collateral. The Bancorp evaluates the collectibility of both principal and interest when assessing the need for loss accrual. Historical loss rates are
applied to other commercial loans, which are not impaired and thus not subject to specific allowance allocations. The loss rates are derived from a migration analysis, which tracks the net charge-off experience sustained on loans according to their
internal risk grade. The risk grading system currently utilized for allowance analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. 

Homogenous loans and leases, such as consumer installment, residential mortgage and automobile leases are not individually risk graded. Rather, standard credit scoring systems and delinquency monitoring are used to assess credit risks.
Allowances are established for each pool of loans based on the expected net charge-offs for one year. Loss rates are based on the average net charge-off history by loan category. 

Historical loss rates for commercial and consumer loans may be adjusted for significant factors that, in management’s judgment,
reflect the impact of any current conditions on loss recognition. Factors that management considers in the analysis include the effects of the national and local economies, trends in the nature and volume of loans (delinquencies, charge-offs and
nonaccrual loans), changes in mix, credit score migration comparisons, asset quality trends, risk management and loan administration, changes in the internal lending policies and credit standards, collection practices and examination results from
bank regulatory agencies and the Bancorp’s internal credit examiners. 

The Bancorp’s current methodology for
determining the allowance for loan and lease losses is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on impaired commercial credits and other qualitative adjustments. Allowances on individual loans and historical loss
rates are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as necessary based on changing borrower and/or collateral conditions and actual collection and charge-off experience. An unallocated allowance is maintained to recognize the imprecision in estimating and
measuring loss when evaluating allowances for individual loans or pools of loans. 

Loans acquired by the Bancorp through a
purchase business combination are evaluated for possible credit impairment. Reduction to the carrying value of the acquired loans as a result of credit impairment is recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. The Bancorp does not carry over the acquired
company’s allowance for loan and lease losses nor does the Bancorp add to its existing allowance for the acquired loans as part of purchase accounting. 

The Bancorp’s determination of the allowance for commercial loans is sensitive to the risk grade it assigns to these loans. In the event that 10% of commercial loans in each risk category
would experience a downgrade of one risk category, the allowance for commercial loans would increase by approximately $76 million at December 31, 2006. The Bancorp’s determination of the allowance for residential and retail loans is
sensitive to changes in estimated loss rates. In the event that estimated loss rates would increase by 10%, the allowance for residential and retail loans would increase by approximately $30 million at December 31, 2006. As several quantitative
and qualitative factors are considered in determining the allowance for loan and lease losses, these sensitivity analyses do not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses. They are
intended to provide insights into the impact of adverse changes in risk grades and inherent losses and do not imply any expectation of future deterioration in the risk rating or loss rates. Given current processes employed by the Bancorp, management
believes the risk grades and inherent loss rates currently assigned are appropriate. 

The Bancorp’s primary market
areas for lending are Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Missouri. When evaluating the adequacy of allowances, consideration is given 

to this regional geographic concentration and the closely associated effect changing economic conditions have on the Bancorp’s customers. 

In the current year, the Bancorp has not substantively changed any material aspect of its overall approach to determine its allowance for
loan and lease losses. There have been no material changes in assumptions or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period allowance for loan and lease losses. Based on the procedures
discussed above, the Bancorp is of the opinion that the allowance of $771 million was adequate, but not excessive, to absorb estimated credit losses associated with the loan and lease portfolio at December 31, 2006. 

Valuation of Securities 

Securities are classified as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale or trading on the date of purchase. Only those securities classified as held-to-maturity are reported at amortized cost. Available-for-sale and trading securities are
reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of related deferred income taxes, on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income,
respectively. The fair value of a security is determined based on quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on quoted prices of similar instruments. Realized securities gains or losses are
reported within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities are reviewed quarterly for possible
other-than-temporary impairment. The review includes an analysis of the facts and circumstances of each individual investment such as the severity of loss, the length of time the fair value has been below cost, the expectation for that
security’s performance, the creditworthiness of the issuer and the Bancorp’s intent and ability to hold the security to recovery. A decline in value that is considered to be other-than-temporary is recorded as a loss within noninterest
income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. At December 31, 2006, 95% of the unrealized losses in the available-for-sale security portfolio were comprised of securities issued by U.S. Treasury and Government agencies, U.S. Government
sponsored agencies and states and political subdivisions as well as agency mortgage-backed securities. The Bancorp believes the price movements in these securities are dependent upon the movement in market interest rates. The Bancorp’s
management also maintains the intent and ability to hold securities in an unrealized loss position to the earlier of the recovery of losses or maturity. 

Reserve for Unfunded Commitments 

The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a
level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb estimated probable losses related to unfunded credit facilities. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, including an
assessment of historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk grading and credit grade migration. Net adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in other noninterest expense. 

Taxes 

The Bancorp estimates
income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax jurisdictions in which the Bancorp conducts business. On a quarterly basis, management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate based upon its current estimate
of the amount and components of net income, tax credits and the applicable statutory tax rates expected for the full year. The estimated income tax expense is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    21 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the balance sheet method and are reported in accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities and recognizes enacted changes in tax rates and laws.
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent they exist and are subject to a valuation allowance based on management’s judgment that realization is more-likely-than-not. 

Accrued taxes represent the net estimated amount due to taxing jurisdictions and are reported in accrued taxes, interest and expenses in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bancorp evaluates and assesses the relative risks and appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other information and maintains
tax accruals consistent with its evaluation of these relative risks and merits. Changes to the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations being conducted by
taxing authorities and changes to statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that impact the relative risks of tax positions. These changes, when they occur, can affect deferred taxes and accrued taxes as well as the current period’s income
tax expense and can be significant to the operating results of the Bancorp. See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the recently issued accounting statement, which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in
income taxes. As described in greater detail in Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Internal Revenue Service is currently challenging the Bancorp’s tax treatment of certain leasing transactions. For additional
information, see Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Valuation of Servicing Rights 

When the Bancorp sells loans through either securitizations or individual loan sales in accordance with its investment policies, it often retains
servicing rights. Servicing rights resulting from loan sales are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing revenues. Servicing rights are assessed for impairment monthly, based on fair value, with temporary impairment
recognized through a valuation allowance and permanent impairment recognized through a write-off of the servicing asset and related valuation allowance. Key economic assumptions used in measuring any potential impairment of the servicing rights
include the 

prepayment speeds of the underlying loans, the weighted-average life, the discount rate, the weighted-average coupon and the weighted-average default rate,
as applicable. The primary risk of material changes to the value of the servicing rights resides in the potential volatility in the economic assumptions used, particularly the prepayment speeds. 

The Bancorp monitors risk and adjusts its valuation allowance as necessary to adequately reserve for any probable impairment in the
portfolio. For purposes of measuring impairment, the servicing rights are stratified based on the financial asset type and interest rates. In addition, the Bancorp obtains an independent third-party valuation of mortgage servicing rights
(“MSR”) on a quarterly basis. Fees received for servicing loans owned by investors are based on a percentage of the outstanding monthly principal balance of such loans and are included in noninterest income as loan payments are received.
Costs of servicing loans are charged to expense as incurred. 

The change in the fair value of MSRs at December 31,
2006, due to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in the current prepayment assumption would be approximately $23 million and $45 million, respectively, and due to immediate 10% and 20% favorable changes in the current prepayment assumption would
be approximately $25 million and $53 million, respectively. The change in the fair value of the MSR portfolio at December 31, 2006, due to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in the discount rate assumption would be approximately $19 million
and $37 million, respectively, and due to immediate 10% and 20% favorable changes in the discount rate assumption would be approximately $20 million and $42 million, respectively. Sensitivity analysis related to other consumer and commercial
servicing rights is not material to the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

These sensitivities are
hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the figures indicate, change in fair value based on a 10% and 20% variation in assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumptions to change in fair
value may not be linear. Also, the effect of variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the retained interests is calculated without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another,
which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. Additionally, the effect of the Bancorp’s non-qualifying hedging strategy, which is maintained to lessen the impact of changes in value of the MSR portfolio, is excluded from the above
analysis. 

RISK FACTORS 

 Fifth Third’s results depend on general economic conditions within its operating markets. 

Fifth Third is affected by general economic conditions in the United States as a whole and, in particular, the Midwest and Florida. An economic downturn
within these markets or the nation as a whole could negatively impact household and corporate incomes. This impact may lead to decreased demand for both loan and deposit products and increase the number of customers who fail to pay interest or
principal on their loans. 

The revenues of FTPS are dependent on the transaction volume generated by its merchant and
financial institution customers. This transaction volume is largely dependent on consumer and corporate spending. If consumer confidence suffers and retail sales decline, FTPS will be negatively impacted. Similarly, if an economic downturn results
in a decrease in the overall volume of corporate transactions, FTPS will be negatively impacted. FTPS is also impacted by the financial stability of its merchant customers. FTPS assumes certain contingent liabilities related to the processing of
Visa®

 and MasterCard
®

 merchant card transactions. These liabilities typically arise from billing
disputes between the merchant and the cardholder that are ultimately resolved in favor of the 

cardholder. These transactions are charged back to the merchant and disputed amounts are returned to the cardholder. If FTPS is unable to collect these
amounts from the merchant, FTPS will bear the loss. 

The fee revenue of Investment Advisors is largely dependent on the fair
market value of assets under care and trading volumes in the brokerage business. General economic conditions and their subsequent effect on the securities markets tend to act in correlation. When general economic conditions deteriorate, consumer and
corporate confidence in securities markets erodes, and Investment Advisors’ revenues are negatively impacted as asset values and trading volumes decrease. Neutral economic conditions can also negatively impact revenue when stagnant securities
markets fail to attract investors. 

Changes in interest rates could affect Fifth Third’s income and cash flows.

Fifth Third’s income and cash flows depend to a great extent on the difference between the interest rates earned on
interest-earning assets such as loans and investment securities, and the interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond 

22    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Fifth Third’s control, including general economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies (in particular, the FRB).
Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, will influence the origination of loans, the prepayment speed of loans, the purchase of investments, the generation of deposits and the rates received on loans and investment
securities and paid on deposits or other sources of funding. The impact of these changes may be magnified if Fifth Third does not effectively manage the relative sensitivity of its assets and liabilities to changes in market interest rates.
Fluctuations in these areas may adversely affect Fifth Third and its shareholders. 

If Fifth Third does not adjust to rapid changes in
the financial services industry, its financial performance may suffer. 

Fifth Third’s ability to deliver strong financial
performance and returns on investment to shareholders will depend in part on its ability to expand the scope of available financial services to meet the needs and demands of its customers. In addition to the challenge of competing against other
banks in attracting and retaining customers for traditional banking services, Fifth Third’s competitors also include securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers, investment advisors, specialty finance and insurance companies who seek to offer
one-stop financial services that may include services that banks have not been able or allowed to offer to their customers in the past or may not be currently able or allowed to offer. This increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result
of changes in regulation, changes in technology and product delivery systems, as well as the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial service providers. 

Legislative or regulatory compliance, changes or actions or significant litigation, could adversely impact Fifth Third or the businesses in which Fifth Third is engaged. 

Fifth Third is subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that govern almost all aspects of its operations and limit
the businesses in which Fifth Third may engage. These laws and regulations may change from time to time and are primarily intended for the protection of consumers, depositors and the deposit insurance funds. The impact of any changes to laws and
regulations or other actions by regulatory agencies may negatively impact Fifth Third or its ability to increase the value of its business. Additionally, actions by regulatory agencies or significant litigation against Fifth Third could cause it to
devote significant time and resources to defending itself and may lead to penalties that materially affect Fifth Third and its shareholders. Future changes in the laws, including tax laws, or regulations or their interpretations or enforcement may
also be materially adverse to Fifth Third and its shareholders or may require Fifth Third to expend significant time and resources to comply with such requirements. 

Fifth Third is exposed to operational risk. 

Fifth Third is exposed to many types of
operational risk, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees, customers or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors. 

Negative public opinion can result from Fifth Third’s actual or alleged conduct in activities, such as lending practices, data
security, corporate governance and acquisitions, and may damage Fifth Third’s reputation. Additionally, actions taken by government regulators and community organizations may also damage Fifth Third’s reputation. This negative public
opinion can adversely affect Fifth Third’s ability to attract and keep customers and can expose it to litigation and regulatory action. 

Fifth Third’s necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process its transaction volume poses the risk that technical system flaws or employee errors, tampering or manipulation of those systems
will result in losses and may 

be difficult to detect. Fifth Third may also be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are beyond its control (for example,
computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages). Fifth Third is further exposed to the risk that its outside service providers may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or
operational errors as Fifth Third). These disruptions may interfere with service to Fifth Third’s customers and result in a financial loss or liability. 

Material breaches in security of Fifth Third’s systems may have a significant effect on Fifth Third’s business. 

Fifth Third collects, processes and stores sensitive consumer data by utilizing computer systems and telecommunications networks operated by both Fifth Third and third party service providers. Fifth Third has
security, backup and recovery systems in place, as well as a business continuity plan to ensure the system will not be inoperable. Fifth Third also has security to prevent unauthorized access to the system. In addition, Fifth Third requires its
third party service providers to maintain similar controls. However, Fifth Third cannot be certain that the measures will be successful. A security breach in the system and loss of confidential information such as credit card numbers and related
information could result in losing the customers’ confidence and thus the loss of their business. 

Changes and trends in the
capital markets may affect Fifth Third’s income and cash flows. 

Fifth Third enters into and maintains trading and investment
positions in the capital markets on its own behalf and on behalf of its customers. These investment positions also include derivative financial instruments. The revenues and profits Fifth Third derives from its trading and investment positions are
dependent on market prices. If it does not correctly anticipate market changes and trends, Fifth Third may experience investment or trading losses that may materially affect Fifth Third and its shareholders. Losses on behalf of its customers could
expose Fifth Third to litigation, credit risks or loss of revenue from those customers. Additionally, substantial losses in Fifth Third’s trading and investment positions could lead to a loss with respect to those investments and may adversely
affect cash flows and funding costs. 

Changes in accounting standards could impact reported earnings. 

The accounting standard setters, including the FASB, SEC and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards
that govern the preparation of Fifth Third’s consolidated financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how Fifth Third records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some
changes, Fifth Third could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the restatement of Fifth Third’s prior period financial statements. 

The preparation of Fifth Third’s financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results. 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make significant estimates
that affect the financial statements. Two of Fifth Third’s most critical estimates are the level of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the valuation of mortgage servicing rights. Due to the inherent nature of these estimates, Fifth
Third cannot provide absolute assurance that it will not significantly increase the allowance for loan and lease losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance, nor that it will not 

Fifth Third Bancorp    23 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

recognize a significant provision for impairment of its mortgage servicing rights. For more information on the sensitivity of these estimates, please refer
to the Critical Accounting Policies section. 

Fifth Third could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel.

As Fifth Third continues to grow, its success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals.
Competition for qualified candidates in the activities and markets that Fifth Third serves is great and Fifth Third may not be able to hire these candidates and retain them. If Fifth Third is not able to hire or retain these key individuals, Fifth
Third may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to its business, operations and financial condition. 

Fifth Third and/or the holders of its securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable ratings from rating agencies. 

Fifth Third’s ability to access the capital markets is important to its overall funding profile. This access is affected by the ratings assigned by rating agencies to Fifth Third, certain of its affiliates and particular classes of
securities they issue. The interest rates that Fifth Third pays on its securities are also influenced by, among other things, the credit ratings that it, its affiliates and/or its securities receive from recognized rating agencies. A downgrade to
Fifth Third’s, or its affiliates’, credit rating will affect its ability to access the capital markets, increase its borrowing costs and negatively impact its profitability. A ratings downgrade to Fifth Third, its affiliates or their
securities could also create obligations or liabilities to Fifth Third under the terms of its outstanding securities that could increase Fifth Third’s costs or otherwise have a negative effect on Fifth Third’s results of operations or
financial condition. Additionally, a downgrade of the credit rating of any particular security issued by Fifth Third or its affiliates could negatively affect the ability of the holders of that security to sell the securities and the prices at which
any such securities may be sold. 

Fifth Third’s stock price is volatile. 

Fifth Third’s stock price has been volatile in the past and several factors could cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the future. These
factors include: 

 •

 Actual or anticipated variations in earnings; 

 •

 Changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections; 

 •

 Fifth Third’s announcements of developments related to its businesses; 

 •

 Operating and stock performance of other companies deemed to be peers; 

 •

 Actions by government regulators; 

 •

 New technology used or services offered by traditional and non-traditional competitors; and 

 •

 News reports of trends, concerns and other issues related to the financial services industry. 

 Fifth Third’s stock price may fluctuate
significantly in the future, and these fluctuations may be unrelated to Fifth Third’s performance. General market price declines or market volatility in the future could adversely affect the price of its common stock, and the current market
price of such stock may not be indicative of future market prices. 

Fifth Third’s ability to receive dividends from its
subsidiaries accounts for most of its revenue and could affect its liquidity and ability to pay dividends. 

Fifth Third Bancorp is
a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. Fifth Third Bancorp receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on Fifth Third
Bancorp’s stock and interest and principal on its debt. Various federal and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that Fifth Third’s bank and certain nonbank subsidiaries may pay. Also, Fifth Third Bancorp’s
right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary’s creditors. Limitations on Fifth Third Bancorp’s ability to receive dividends from
its subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third Bancorp’s liquidity and ability to pay dividends on stock or interest and principal on its debt. 

Future acquisitions may dilute current shareholders’ ownership of Fifth Third and may cause Fifth Third to become more susceptible to adverse economic events. 

Future business acquisitions could be material to Fifth Third and it may issue additional shares of common stock to pay for those acquisitions, which
would dilute current shareholders’ ownership interest. Acquisitions also could require Fifth Third to use substantial cash or other liquid assets or to incur debt. In those events, it could become more susceptible to economic downturns and
competitive pressures. 

Difficulties in combining the operations of acquired entities with Fifth Third’s own operations may
prevent Fifth Third from achieving the expected benefits from its acquisitions. 

Inherent uncertainties exist in integrating the
operations of an acquired entity. Fifth Third may not be able to fully achieve its strategic objectives and operating efficiencies in an acquisition. In addition, the markets and industries in which Fifth Third and its potential acquisition targets
operate are highly competitive. Fifth Third may lose customers or the customers of acquired entities as a result of an acquisition. Future acquisition and integration activities may require Fifth Third to devote substantial time and resources and as
a result Fifth Third may not be able to pursue other business opportunities. These factors could contribute to Fifth Third not achieving the expected benefits from its acquisitions within desired time frames, if at all. 

24    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

STATEMENTS OF INCOME ANALYSIS 

 Net Interest Income 

Net
interest income is the interest earned on debt securities, loans and leases (including yield-related fees) and other interest-earning assets less the interest paid for core deposits and wholesale funding. The net interest margin is calculated by
dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets. Net interest spread is the difference between the average rate earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is
greater than net interest rate spread due to the interest income earned on those assets that are funded by non-interest bearing liabilities, or free funding, such as demand deposits or shareholders’ equity. 

The continued increases in short-term rates during the first half of 2006 and the subsequent inverted interest rate yield curve negatively
impacted Fifth Third as well as other financial institutions in 2006. The average interest rate spread between the 3-month Treasury bill and the 10-year Treasury note compressed from 107 bp in 2005 to negative 6 bp in 2006. At December 31,
2006, this interest rate spread declined to negative 31 bp. This significant decline illustrates the relative pressure between shorter-term and longer-term funding costs and general securities portfolio reinvestment opportunities. 

Net interest income declined three percent to $2.9 billion as a result of the net interest margin contracting 17 bp to 3.06%. The decline
in the net interest margin occurred despite an increase in average loans and leases of eight percent and an increase in average core deposits of five percent. In terms of mix between volume and yield, net interest income decreased eight percent due
to the impact of changes in interest rates. The decline in net interest margin largely resulted from the decrease in net interest spread, from 2.76% in 2005 to 2.37% in 2006, attributable to the increased cost of deposits and wholesale funding, the
impact of the primarily fixed-rate securities portfolio and the change in mix within the core deposit base. The decrease in net interest spread was partially offset by an increased benefit from free funding of 69 bp in 2006, up 22 bp over 2005. The
relatively large increase in the benefit of free funding was the result of higher funding costs and an improvement in the net free funding position of the Bancorp, calculated as total noninterest-bearing liabilities and shareholders’ equity
less noninterest-earning assets, which increased two percent to $16.7 billion. 

In light of the Bancorp’s
asset/liability considerations and changing market conditions, the Bancorp’s Board of Directors 

approved several actions on November 20, 2006 to strategically shift the composition of its balance sheet. These actions reduced the size of the
Bancorp’s available-for-sale securities portfolio to a size that is more consistent with its liquidity, collateral and interest rate risk management requirements; improved the composition of the balance sheet with a lower concentration of
fixed-rate assets; lowered wholesale borrowings to reduce leverage; and better positioned the Bancorp for an uncertain economic and interest rate environment. Specifically, these actions included (i) the sale of $11.3 billion in
available-for-sale securities with a weighted-average yield of 4.30%; (ii) reinvestment of approximately $2.8 billion in available-for-sale securities that are more efficient when used as collateral; (iii) repayment of $8.5 billion in
wholesale borrowings at an average rate paid of 5.30%; and (iv) the termination of approximately $1.1 billion of repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements. These actions are expected to result in a benefit to net interest income in 2007,
given current market expectations, of approximately $110 million to $120 million, and a benefit to the net interest margin in 2007 of approximately 35-40 bp. 

The growth in average loans and leases in 2006 outpaced core deposit growth by $2.7 billion. The funding shortfall was more than offset by a $4.0 billion reduction in the average
available-for-sale securities portfolio. In addition to the fourth quarter sale of available-for-sale securities mentioned above, throughout 2006, the Bancorp continued to use cash flows from its securities portfolio to reduce its reliance on
wholesale funding. In the third quarter of 2006, the Bancorp also sold approximately $726 million from its securities portfolio, which represented nearly all of its position in Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“FHLMC”) callable
debt, in order to manage its credit exposure to FHLMC. In 2006, wholesale funding represented 41% of interest-bearing liabilities, down from 44% in 2005. 

During 2006, the Bancorp continued its deposit pricing strategy of moving away from promotional rates and towards highly competitive daily rates. As part of this strategy, the Bancorp maintains competitive deposit
rates in all of its affiliate markets and across all of its deposit products. Additionally, interest-checking balances have continued to migrate into money market, savings and time deposit accounts. During 2006, interest-checking balances were 36%
of average interest-bearing core deposits and savings and money market combined to represent 41%, compared to 44% and 36%, respectively, in 2005. 

TABLE 3: CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except per share data)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Interest income (FTE)

$5,981

5,026

4,150

4,030

4,168

 Interest expense

3,082

2,030

1,102

1,086

1,430

 Net interest income (FTE)

2,899

2,996

3,048

2,944

2,738

 Provision for loan and lease losses

343

330

268

399

246

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses (FTE)

2,556

2,666

2,780

2,545

2,492

 Noninterest income

2,153

2,500

2,465

2,483

2,183

 Noninterest expense

3,056

2,927

2,972

2,551

2,337

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes, minority interest and cumulative effect (FTE)

1,653

2,239

2,273

2,477

2,338

 Fully taxable equivalent adjustment

26

31

36

39

39

 Applicable income taxes

443

659

712

786

734

 Income from continuing operations before minority interest and cumulative effect

1,184

1,549

1,525

1,652

1,565

 Minority interest, net of tax

-

-

-

(20)

(38)

 Income from continuing operations before cumulative effect

1,184

1,549

1,525

1,632

1,527

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax

-

-

-

44

4

 Income before cumulative effect

1,184

1,549

1,525

1,676

1,531

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

4

-

-

(11)

-

 Net income

$1,188

1,549

1,525

1,665

1,531

 Earnings per share, basic

$2.14

2.79

2.72

2.91

2.64

 Earnings per share, diluted

2.13

2.77

2.68

2.87

2.59

 Cash dividends declared per common share

1.58

1.46

1.31

1.13

.98

Fifth Third Bancorp    25 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 4: CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND ANALYSIS OF NET INTEREST INCOME (FTE)

 For the years ended December 31

2006

2005

2004

 ($ in millions)

AverageBalance

 Revenue/

Cost

AverageYield/Rate

AverageBalance

Revenue/Cost

AverageYield/Rate

 Average

Balance

 Revenue/

Cost

AverageYield/Rate

 Assets

 Interest-earning assets:

 Loans and leases (a):

 Commercial loans

$20,400

$1,479

7.25

%

$18,241

$1,063

5.83

%

$14,908

$682

4.57

%

 Commercial mortgage

9,797

700

7.15

8,923

551

6.17

7,391

387

5.23

 Commercial construction

6,015

460

7.64

5,525

342

6.19

3,807

181

4.76

 Commercial leases

3,730

185

4.97

3,495

179

5.11

3,296

181

5.49

 Subtotal - commercial

39,942

2,824

7.07

36,184

2,135

5.90

29,402

1,431

4.87

 Residential mortgage

8,855

525

5.93

8,396

463

5.52

6,454

357

5.52

 Residential construction

719

43

6.02

586

32

5.48

347

17

4.99

 Other consumer loans

22,649

1,556

6.87

20,749

1,216

5.86

18,542

947

5.10

 Consumer leases

1,328

63

4.72

1,822

84

4.59

2,297

108

4.71

 Subtotal - consumer

33,551

2,187

6.52

31,553

1,795

5.69

27,640

1,429

5.17

 Total loans and leases

73,493

5,011

6.82

67,737

3,930

5.80

57,042

2,860

5.01

 Securities:

 Taxable

20,306

904

4.45

24,017

1,032

4.30

29,365

1,217

4.15

 Exempt from income taxes (a)

604

45

7.38

789

58

7.39

917

68

7.44

 Other short-term investments

378

21

5.52

193

6

2.89

315

5

1.48

 Total interest-earning assets

94,781

5,981

6.31

92,736

5,026

5.42

87,639

4,150

4.73

 Cash and due from banks

2,495

2,758

2,216

 Other assets

8,713

8,102

5,763

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

(751)

(720)

(722)

 Total assets

$105,238

$102,876

$94,896

 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

 Interest-bearing liabilities:

 Interest checking

$16,650

$398

2.39

%

$18,884

$314

1.66

%

$19,434

$174

.89

%

 Savings

12,189

363

2.98

10,007

176

1.76

7,941

58

.72

 Money market

6,366

261

4.10

5,170

140

2.71

3,473

39

1.12

 Other time deposits

10,500

433

4.12

8,491

263

3.09

6,208

162

2.62

 Certificates -$100,000 and over

5,795

278

4.80

4,001

129

3.22

2,403

48

1.99

 Foreign office deposits

3,711

177

4.76

3,967

126

3.17

4,449

58

1.31

 Federal funds purchased

4,148

208

5.02

4,225

138

3.26

5,896

77

1.30

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

-

248

6

2.60

1,003

15

1.46

 Other short-term borrowings

4,522

194

4.28

5,038

138

2.74

6,640

78

1.14

 Long-term debt

14,247

770

5.40

16,384

600

3.66

13,323

393

2.95

 Total interest-bearing liabilities

78,128

3,082

3.94

76,415

2,030

2.66

70,770

1,102

1.56

 Demand deposits

13,741

13,868

12,327

 Other liabilities

3,558

3,276

2,939

 Total liabilities

95,427

93,559

86,036

 Shareholders’ equity

9,811

9,317

8,860

 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

$105,238

$102,876

$94,896

 Net interest income margin

$2,899

3.06

%

$2,996

3.23

%

$3,048

3.48

%

 Net interest rate spread

2.37

2.76

3.17

 Interest-bearing liabilities to interest-earning assets

82.43

82.40

80.75

 (a)

 The net taxable-equivalent adjustments included in the above table are $26 million, $31 million and $36 million for the years ended December 31, 2006,
2005 and 2004, respectively. 

 The cost of
interest-bearing core deposits was 3.18% in 2006, up from 2.10% in 2005. Despite the increasing deposit rates, the relative cost advantage of interest-bearing core deposits compared to wholesale funding increased from 126 bp in 2005 to 183 bp in
2006. Due to the increasing relative cost advantage of core deposits, the Bancorp has continued to expand its branching network to increase its presence in markets that offer the best growth prospects. In 2006, the Bancorp added 51 net new banking
centers with plans to add a similar amount in 2007. 

Interest income (FTE) from loans and leases increased $1.1 billion, or
28%, compared to 2005. The increase resulted from the growth in average loans and leases of eight percent as well as a 102 bp increase in average rates. Average commercial loans and leases grew 10% in 2006 due to growth in all subcategories. The
yield on commercial loans and leases expanded by 117 bp to 7.07% in 2006. The yield expansion was greatest in commercial loans and commercial construction due to the increase in short-term interest rates and the subsequent repricing. Average
consumer loans and leases increased by six percent in 2006 driven primarily by the 23% increase in residential construction and nine percent increase in other consumer loans. Other consumer loans primarily consist of direct and indirect home equity
lines and loans, 

direct and indirect auto loans and credit cards. The average consumer loan and lease yield increased 83 bp to 6.52%. 

Interest income (FTE) from investment securities and short-term investments decreased $126 million to $970 million in 2006 compared to
2005 due to the previously mentioned reduction of the investment securities portfolio. The average yield on taxable securities increased by only 15 bp as a result of the relative stability in longer-term interest rates. 

The interest on core deposits increased $562 million, or 63%, in 2006 over 2005 due to increases in short-term interest rates and
increasing average balances. Average interest-bearing core deposits increased $3.2 billion, or seven percent, compared to 2005. The Bancorp continues to focus on growing its core deposit balances in order to improve the funding mix and improve net
interest margin trends. The growth in noninterest-bearing funds and other core deposits is a critical component in the growth of net interest income. 

The interest on wholesale funding increased by $490 million, or 43%, in 2006 compared to 2005 due to increasing short-term interest rates partially offset by a $1.4 billion, or four percent, decrease in average
balances. Throughout 2006, the Bancorp used the proceeds from the securities portfolio to lessen its reliance on 

26    Fifth Third
Bancorp                                       

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

wholesale funding in order to reduce leverage and better position the Bancorp for the uncertain rate environment. 

Table 4 presents the components of net interest income, net interest margin and net interest spread for 2006, 2005 and 2004. Nonaccrual
loans and leases and loans held for sale have been included in the average loan and lease balances. Average 

outstanding securities balances are based on amortized cost with any unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities included in other assets.
Table 5 provides the relative impact of changes in the balance sheet and changes in interest rates on net interest income. 

TABLE 5: CHANGES IN NET INTEREST INCOME (FTE) ATTRIBUTED TO VOLUME AND YIELD/RATE 
(a) 

 For the years ended December 31

2006 Compared to 2005

2005 Compared to 2004

 ($ in millions)

Volume

Yield/Rate

Total

Volume

Yield/Rate

Total

 Increase (decrease) in interest income:

 Loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

$136

280

416

171

210

381

 Commercial mortgage

57

92

149

88

76

164

 Commercial construction

32

86

118

96

65

161

 Commercial leases

11

(5)

6

10

(12)

(2)

 Subtotal - commercial

236

453

689

365

339

704

 Residential mortgage

26

36

62

106

-

106

 Residential construction

8

3

11

13

2

15

 Other consumer loans

118

222

340

120

149

269

 Consumer leases

(23)

2

(21)

(22)

(2)

(24)

 Subtotal - consumer

129

263

392

217

149

366

 Total loans and leases

365

716

1,081

$582

488

1,070

 Securities:

 Taxable

(164)

36

(128)

(228)

43

(185)

 Exempt from income taxes

(13)

-

(13)

(10)

-

(10)

 Other short-term investments

8

7

15

(2)

3

1

 Total change in interest income

196

759

955

342

534

876

 Increase (decrease) in interest expense:

 Interest checking

(41)

125

84

(5)

145

140

 Savings

45

142

187

18

100

118

 Money market

38

83

121

26

75

101

 Other time deposits

71

99

170

68

33

101

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

71

78

149

42

39

81

 Foreign office deposits

(9)

60

51

(7)

75

68

 Federal funds purchased

(3)

73

70

(27)

88

61

 Short-term bank notes

(6)

-

(6)

(9)

-

(9)

 Other short-term borrowings

(15)

71

56

(23)

83

60

 Long-term debt

(86)

256

170

103

104

207

 Total change in interest expense

65

987

1,052

186

742

928

 Total change in net interest income

$131

(228)

(97)

156

(208)

(52)

 (a)

 Changes in interest not solely due to volume or yield/rate are allocated in proportion to the absolute amount of change in volume or yield/rate.

 Provision for Loan and Lease Losses 

The Bancorp provides as an expense an amount for probable loan and lease losses within the loan portfolio that is based on factors discussed in the Critical Accounting Policies section. The provision is recorded to bring the allowance for
loan and lease losses to a level deemed appropriate by the Bancorp. Actual credit losses on loans and leases are charged against the allowance for loan and lease losses. The amount of loans actually removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets is
referred to as charge-offs. Net charge-offs include current period charge-offs less recoveries in the current period on previously charged off assets. 

The provision for loan and lease losses increased to $343 million in 2006 compared to $330 million in 2005. The $13 million increase from the prior year is due to both the increase in nonperforming assets from $361
million in 2005 to $455 million in 2006 and increased loan growth throughout the year. As of December 31, 2006, the allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of loans and leases declined modestly to 1.04% from 1.06% at December 31,
2005. 

Refer to the Credit Risk Management section for further information on the provision for loan and lease losses, net
charge-offs and other factors considered by the Bancorp in assessing the credit quality of the loan portfolio and the allowance for loan and lease losses. 

Noninterest Income 

In 2006, the Bancorp refined its presentation of noninterest income in
order to provide more granularity around its 

revenue streams. The primary result of this refinement was the consolidation of the Bancorp’s interest rate derivative sales, international service
fees, institutional sales and loan and lease syndication fees into a new income statement line item titled corporate banking revenue. 

Total noninterest income decreased 14% compared to 2005 primarily due to the impact of the previously mentioned balance sheet actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2006. Excluding the $415 million impact of these
actions, noninterest income increased $68 million, or three percent, over 2005. The components of noninterest income are shown in Table 6. 

Electronic payment processing revenue increased $109 million, or 15%, in 2006 as FTPS realized growth in each of its three product lines. Merchant processing revenue increased $45 million, or 13%, to $395 million due
to the addition of new national merchant customers and resulting increases in merchant transaction volumes. EFT revenue increased $41 million, or 16%, to $297 million as a result of continued success in attracting financial institution customers.
Card issuer interchange increased $23 million, or 16%, to $165 million on sales volume increases of 15%. The Bancorp continues to see significant opportunities in attracting new financial institution customers and retailers. The Bancorp handles
electronic processing for over 142,000 merchant locations and 2,300 financial institutions worldwide, including The Kroger Co., Nordstrom, Inc., the Armed Forces Financial Network and, during 2006, added Talbots and Gregg Appliances, Inc.

Fifth Third Bancorp    27 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 6: NONINTEREST INCOME 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in
millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Electronic payment processing revenue

$857

748

631

593

528

 Service charges on deposits

517

522

515

485

431

 Mortgage banking net revenue

155

174

178

302

188

 Investment advisory revenue

367

358

363

335

325

 Corporate banking revenue

318

299

228

241

195

 Other noninterest income

300

360

587

443

369

 Securities gains (losses), net

(364)

39

(37)

81

114

 Securities gains, net – non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing
rights

3

-

-

3

33

 Total noninterest income

$2,153

2,500

2,465

2,483

2,183

 TABLE 7: COMPONENTS OF MORTGAGE BANKING NET REVENUE

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in
millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Origination fees and gains on loan sales

$92

128

112

353

252

 Servicing revenue:

 Servicing fees

121

109

109

114

132

 Servicing rights amortization

(68)

(73)

(93)

(176)

(156)

 Net valuation adjustments on servicing rights and free-standing derivatives entered
into to economically hedge MSR

10

10

50

11

(40)

 Net servicing revenue

63

46

66

(51)

(64)

 Mortgage banking net revenue

$155

174

178

302

188

 Service charges on deposits were relatively flat compared to 2005. Commercial deposit revenues were comparable to the prior year as the
overall growth in commercial account relationships was offset by a 34% increase in earnings credits on compensating balances as a result of the higher interest rate environment. Retail deposit revenues were flat in 2006 compared to 2005. Net new
consumer deposit account production increased by 40% during 2006 compared to 2005. However, the production increase was offset by lower consumer overdraft fees. Growth in the number of customer deposit account relationships and deposit generation
continues to be a primary focus of the Bancorp. 

Mortgage banking net revenue decreased to $155 million in 2006 from $174
million in 2005. The components of mortgage banking net revenue are shown in Table 7. Origination fees and gains on loans sales decreased $36 million due to lower origination volume, the increasingly competitive nature of the business and the
effects of the inverted yield curve. Originations in 2006 were $9.4 billion compared to $9.9 billion in 2005. 

Mortgage net
servicing revenue increased by $17 million compared to 2005. Net servicing revenue is comprised of gross servicing fees and related amortization as well as valuation adjustments on mortgage servicing rights and mark-to-market adjustments on both
settled and outstanding free-standing derivative financial instruments. The Bancorp’s total residential mortgage loans serviced at December 31, 2006 and 2005 were $37.9 billion and $34.0 billion, respectively, with $28.7 billion and $25.7
billion, respectively, of residential mortgage loans serviced for others. 

The increase in interest rates and the resulting
decrease in changing prepayment speeds led to a recovery in temporary impairment of $19 million in 2006 and $33 million in 2005. Servicing rights are deemed temporarily impaired when a borrower’s loan rate is distinctly higher than prevailing
rates. Temporary impairment on servicing rights is reversed when the prevailing rates return to a level commensurate with the borrower’s loan rate. Further detail on the valuation of mortgage servicing rights can be found in Note 7 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with the impact of changes in interest rates on the MSR portfolio. The Bancorp recognized a net loss of $9
million and $23 million in 2006 and 2005, respectively, related to changes in fair value and settlement of free-standing 

derivatives purchased to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the
free-standing derivatives used to hedge the MSR portfolio. In addition to the derivative positions used to economically hedge the MSR portfolio, the Bancorp began to acquire various securities (primarily principal-only strips) during 2005 as a
component of its non-qualifying hedging strategy. A gain of $3 million was recognized in 2006 on the sale of securities used to hedge the MSR portfolio. 

Investment advisory revenues were up modestly in 2006 compared to 2005. Private client revenues increased $10 million, or eight percent due to growth in nearly all subcategories on the strength of cross-sell
initiatives within the private client group. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in mutual fund fees of $7 million, or 10%, reflecting the effects of a shift toward a greater open architecture framework where investors are provided with
other mutual fund options in addition to the family of Fifth Third Funds.* The Bancorp continues to focus its sales efforts on improving execution in retail brokerage and retail mutual funds and on growing the institutional money management business
by improving penetration and cross-sell in its large middle-market commercial customer base. The Bancorp is one of the largest money managers in the Midwest and as of December 31, 2006 had approximately $220 billion in assets under care, $34
billion in assets under management and $12 billion in its proprietary Fifth Third Funds.* 

Compared to 2005, corporate
banking revenue increased $19 million primarily due to a $13 million, or 13%, increase in commercial syndication fees. Other increases included a $4 million, or five percent, increase in derivative product revenues and $2 million, or six percent,
increase in underwriting revenues. The Bancorp is committed to providing a comprehensive range of financial services to large and middle-market businesses and continues to see opportunities to expand its product offering. 

The major components of other noninterest income for each of the last five years are shown in Table 8. Other noninterest income declined
17% compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributable to the continued planned run off in the consumer operating lease portfolio and a $17 million loss in mark-to-market free-standing derivatives related to the balance sheet
actions taken in the fourth quarter. Operating lease revenues in 

*FIFTH THIRD FUNDS®

 PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE 

Fifth Third
Funds investments are: NOT INSURED BY THE FDIC or any other government agency, are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed by, any bank, the distributor or of the Funds any of their respective affiliates, and involve investment risks,
including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. 
An investor should consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks and charges and expenses carefully before investing or sending money. The Funds’ prospectus contains
this and other important information about the Funds. To obtain a prospectus or any other information about Fifth Third Funds, please call 1-800-282-5706 or visit www.53.com. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing. Fifth Third
Funds are distributed by Fifth Third Funds Distributor, Inc., 3435 Stelzer Road, Columbus, Ohio 43219. 

28    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

2006 consisted of commercial operating lease revenues that increased $10 million to $18 million and consumer operating lease revenues that decreased $39
million to $8 million compared to 2005. Operating lease revenues will moderate throughout 2007 as automobile leases continue to mature and are offset by originations of commercial operating leases. 

The Bancorp recognized net securities losses of $364 million in 2006. Securities losses in 2006 primarily consisted of losses resulting from balance sheet
actions taken during the fourth quarter of 2006 partially offset by a $78 million gain from the sale of MasterCard, Inc. shares. 

TABLE 8: COMPONENTS OF OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Cardholder fees

$49

46

39

41

36

 Consumer loan and lease fees

47

50

57

65

70

 Operating lease income

26

55

156

124

-

 Bank owned life insurance income

86

91

61

62

62

 Insurance income

28

27

28

25

55

 Gain on sales of third-party sourced merchant processing contracts

-

-

157

-

-

 Other

64

91

89

126

146

 Total other noninterest income

$300

360

587

443

369

 Noninterest Expense 

The
Bancorp continued to focus on expense control during 2006 and expects growth in noninterest expenses to be consistent with recent trends through 2007. Cost savings initiatives will continue to be somewhat mitigated by investments in certain high
opportunity markets, as evidenced by the de novo banking centers added in 2006. 

During 2006, the Bancorp continued its
investment in the expansion of the retail distribution network and in its information technology infrastructure. The efficiency ratio (noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income (FTE) and noninterest income) was 60.5% and 53.2%
for 2006 and 2005, respectively, and was affected by the balance sheet actions during the fourth quarter of 2006. Excluding fourth quarter balance sheet actions, the efficiency ratio for 2006 was 55.2%; comparison being provided to supplement an
understanding of fundamental trends. Total noninterest expense increased four percent in 2006 compared to 2005. This comparison is impacted by $49 million of debt and other financing agreement termination charges. Exclusive of these charges, total
noninterest expense increased by $80 million, or three percent, over 2005 primarily due to increases in volume-related bankcard costs and occupancy expenditures related to the addition of de novo banking centers. 

Total personnel cost (salaries, wages and incentives plus employee benefits) increased by four percent in 2006 compared to 2005. The
increases are related to employee incentives, increased medical insurance costs and a change in 

accounting for retirement eligible stock compensation as a result of the implementation of SFAS 123(R). See Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information regarding stock-based compensation. As of December 31, 2006, the Bancorp employed 22,385 employees, of which 6,140 were officers and 2,715 were part-time employees. Full time equivalent employees totaled
21,362 as of December 31, 2006 compared to 21,681 as of December 31, 2005. 

Net occupancy expenses increased 11%
in 2006 over 2005 due to the addition of 51 net new banking centers. The Bancorp remains focused on expanding its retail franchise through de novo growth with plans to open approximately 50 net new banking centers in 2007. 

Total other noninterest expense increased three percent in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to volume-related bankcard costs and
previously mentioned debt and other financing agreement termination charges. Exclusive of these termination charges, other noninterest income decreased $11 million, or one percent. Marketing expense was stable compared to the prior year and remains
primarily focused on deposit generation. Bankcard expense increased 16% compared to last year due to an increase in the number of merchant and retail customers as well as continuing growth in debit and credit card usage. Operating lease expense
declined 55% from 2005 as a result of the continued planned run off of the automobile operating lease portfolio as noted above. 

TABLE 9: NONINTEREST EXPENSE 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Salaries, wages and incentives

$1,174

1,133

1,018

1,031

1,029

 Employee benefits

292

283

261

240

201

 Equipment expense

122

105

84

82

79

 Net occupancy expense

245

221

185

159

142

 Other noninterest expense

1,223

1,185

1,424

1,039

886

 Total noninterest expense

$3,056

2,927

2,972

2,551

2,337

 TABLE 10: COMPONENTS OF OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Marketing and communications

$124

126

99

99

96

 Postal and courier

49

50

49

49

48

 Bankcard

317

271

224

197

170

 Loan and lease

93

89

82

106

91

 Travel

52

54

41

35

38

 Information technology and operations

112

114

87

76

54

 Operating lease

18

40

114

94

-

 Debt and other financing agreement termination

49

-

325

20

-

 Other

409

441

403

363

389

 Total other noninterest expense

$1,223

1,185

1,424

1,039

886

Fifth Third Bancorp    29 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 11: APPLICABLE INCOME TAXES 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in
millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes, minority interestand cumulative effect

$1,627

2,208

2,237

2,438

2,299

 Applicable income taxes

443

659

712

786

734

 Effective tax rate

27.2

%

29.9

31.8

32.3

31.9

 Applicable Income Taxes 

The
Bancorp’s income from continuing operations before income taxes, applicable income tax expense and effective tax rate for each of the periods indicated are shown in Table 11. Applicable income tax expense for all periods includes the benefit
from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments and general business tax credits, partially offset by the effect of nondeductible expenses. In 2006, the lower pretax income combined with tax credits at a level consistent with the prior years and
favorable resolution of certain tax examinations resulted in a decrease in the effective tax rate. In 2007, the Bancorp expects the effective tax rate to be approximately 29%-30%. 

Cumulative Effect of Change in Accounting Principle 

In the first
quarter of 2006, the Bancorp recognized a benefit of approximately $4 million, net of $2 million of tax, related to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R). The benefit recognized relates to the Bancorp’s estimate of forfeiture experience to be
realized for all unvested stock-based awards outstanding. 

Comparison of 2005 with 2004 

Net income in 2005 increased $24 million compared to 2004. Diluted earnings per common share were $2.77 compared to $2.68. In 2005, return on average
assets was 1.50% and return on average shareholders’ equity was 16.6% versus 1.61% and 17.2%, respectively, in 2004. Net income in 2004 was negatively impacted by balance sheet actions, which included debt termination charges and securities
losses totaling $404 million pretax. Earnings were positively impacted by a $157 million pretax gain resulting from the sale of certain third- party sourced merchant processing contracts in 2004 and securities gains totaling $39 million pretax in
2005. 

 Net
interest income (FTE) decreased $52 million in 2005 compared to 2004. The net interest margin decline to 3.23% in 2005 from 3.48% in 2004 was primarily attributable to the rise in short-term interest rates, the impact of the primarily fixed-rate
securities portfolio and mix shifts within the core deposit base. The decline in net interest margin occurred despite a six percent increase in average interest-earning assets from 2004 to 2005. 

Noninterest income increased $35 million in 2005 compared to 2004. The comparison to 2004 is impacted by the gain on sale of certain
third-party sourced merchant processing contracts in 2004. Exclusive of this gain, noninterest income increased eight percent compared to 2005. The increase in noninterest income was attributable to increased electronic payment processing revenue
and corporate banking revenue offset by a decrease in operating lease revenue as a result of the run off of the automobile operating lease portfolio. 

Noninterest expense decreased $45 million in 2005 compared to 2004. Increases in salaries, wages and incentives were offset by the previously discussed debt termination charges in 2004 totaling $325 million. The
increased salaries, wages and incentives were a result of the sales force expansion and the addition of employees from the acquisition of First National Bankshares of Florida, Inc. on January 1, 2005. 

The provision for loan and lease losses was $330 million in 2005 compared to $268 million in 2004. The increase in the provision was due
to the increase in nonperforming assets as well as a 17% portfolio loan growth. The total allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of total loans and leases was 1.06% at December 31, 2005 compared to 1.19% at December 31, 2004.

30    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW 

 The Bancorp reports on five business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, Investment Advisors and Processing Solutions. During
the first quarter of 2006, the Bancorp began reporting its Retail line of business as two business segments, Branch Banking and Consumer Lending. All prior year information has been updated to reflect this presentation. Further detailed financial
information on each business segment is included in Note 28 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Results of
the Bancorp’s business segments are presented based on its management structure and management accounting practices. The structure and practices are specific to the Bancorp; therefore, the financial results of the Bancorp’s business
segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other financial institutions. The Bancorp refines its methodologies from time to time as management accounting practices are improved and businesses change. Revisions to the
Bancorp’s methodologies are applied on a retroactive basis. During the fourth quarter of 2006, the Bancorp changed its application of the provision for loan and lease losses to the segments to include only actual net charge-offs. 

The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the corporate level by employing a funds transfer pricing (“FTP”)
methodology. This methodology insulates the business segments from interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus on servicing customers through loan originations and deposit taking. The FTP system assigns charge rates and credit rates to classes
of assets and liabilities, respectively, based on expected duration and the Treasury swap curve. Matching the duration, or the effective term until an instrument can be repriced, allocates interest income and interest expense to each segment so its
resulting net interest income is insulated from interest rate risk. In a rising rate environment, the Bancorp benefits from widening spread between deposit costs and wholesale funding costs. However, the Bancorp’s FTP system credits this
benefit to deposit providing businesses, such as Branch Banking and Investment Advisors, on a duration-adjusted basis. The net impact of the FTP methodology, including the benefit from the widening spread between deposit costs and wholesale funding,
is captured in Other/Eliminations. During the fourth quarter of 2006, the Bancorp made certain changes to the average duration of indeterminate-lived deposits and corresponding changes to the FTP crediting rates assigned to those deposits. This
change more closely aligns the crediting rates to the expected economic benefit while continuing to insulate the segments from interest rate volatility. Prior period results have been conformed to current period presentation. 

The financial results of the business segments include allocations for shared services and headquarter expenses. Even with these
allocations, the financial results are not necessarily indicative of the business segments’ financial condition and results of operations as if they were to exist as independent entities. Additionally, the business segments form synergies by
taking advantage of cross-sell opportunities and when funding operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit. Net income by business segment is summarized in the table below. 

TABLE 12: BUSINESS SEGMENT NET INCOME 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Income Statement Data

 Commercial Banking

$651

614

563

 Branch Banking

570

548

620

 Consumer Lending

137

160

211

 Investment Advisors

81

76

96

 Processing Solutions

180

117

204

 Other/Eliminations

(431)

34

(157)

 Acquisitions

-

-

(12)

 Net income

$1,188

1,549

1,525

 Commercial Banking 

Commercial
Banking provides a comprehensive range of financial services and products to large and middle-market businesses, governments and professional customers. In addition to the traditional lending and depository offerings, Commercial Banking products and
services include, among others, cash management, foreign exchange and international trade finance, derivatives and capital markets services, asset-based lending, real estate finance, public finance, commercial leasing and syndicated finance. The
table below contains selected financial data for the Commercial Banking segment. 

TABLE 13: COMMERCIAL BANKING 

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income (FTE) (a)

$1,254

1,190

1,104

 Provision for loan and lease losses

105

97

82

 Noninterest income:

 Corporate banking revenue

304

287

217

 Service charges on deposits

147

153

155

 Other noninterest income

64

54

37

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

240

239

196

 Other noninterest expenses

521

478

414

 Income before taxes

903

870

821

 Applicable income taxes (a)

252

256

258

 Net income

$651

614

563

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Commercial loans

$33,559

30,373

27,267

 Demand deposits

6,153

6,291

6,197

 Interest checking

3,888

3,165

2,455

 Savings and money market

5,181

4,958

3,642

 Certificates over $100,000

1,734

1,099

647

 (a)

 Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $13 million for 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

Net income increased $37 million, or six percent, compared to 2005 largely as a result of loan and deposit growth and success in the sale
of corporate banking services. Average loans and leases increased 11% over 2005, to $33.6 billion, with growth occurring across all loan categories. The moderate decrease in average demand deposits from the prior year primarily due to lower relative
compensating balance requirements was more than offset by increases in interest checking and savings and money market deposits. Average core deposits increased to $15.2 billion in 2006 from $14.4 billion in 2005. The increase in average core
deposits and loans and leases and the related net FTP impact led to a $64 million increase in net interest income compared to the prior year. The provision for loan and lease losses, which now equals net charge-offs, increased $8 million over 2005.
Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans remained flat at 31 bp in 2006 compared to 32 bp in 2005 and 30 bp in 2004. 

Noninterest income increased $21 million, or four percent, compared to 2005 largely due to an increase in corporate banking revenue of $17 million, or six percent. Increases in corporate banking revenue occurred in nearly all sub captions.
Other noninterest income fee lines displayed mixed results compared to the prior year, as operating lease income grew from $8 million to $18 million, while service charges on deposits decreased four percent due largely to increased earnings credits.

Noninterest expense increased $44 million, or six percent, in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to volume-related
increases in loan, bankcard, operating lease and data processing expenses. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    31 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Branch Banking 

Branch Banking
provides a full range of deposit and loan and lease products to individuals and small businesses through 1,150 banking centers. Branch Banking offers depository and loan products, such as checking and savings accounts, home equity lines of credit,
credit cards and loans for automobile and other personal financing needs, as well as products designed to meet the specific needs of small businesses, including cash management services. The table below contains selected financial data for the
Branch Banking segment. 

TABLE 14: BRANCH BANKING 

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$1,290

1,251

1,247

 Provision for loan and lease losses

101

91

70

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

195

164

132

 Service charges on deposits

358

359

365

 Investment advisory revenue

87

86

86

 Other noninterest income

123

107

99

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

451

456

398

 Net occupancy and equipment expenses

153

137

128

 Other noninterest expenses

468

437

393

 Income before taxes

880

846

940

 Applicable income taxes

310

298

320

 Net income

$570

548

620

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Consumer loans

$11,391

10,687

9,382

 Commercial loans

4,297

3,995

3,416

 Demand deposits

5,602

5,649

5,048

 Interest checking

10,552

13,452

15,928

 Savings and money market

11,755

9,045

7,807

 Time deposits

11,352

9,173

7,554

Net income increased $22 million, or four percent, compared to 2005. Net interest
income increased $39 million as increases in average loans and leases and total deposits were partially offset by a deposit mix shift toward higher paying deposit account types. Average loans and leases increased seven percent to $15.7 billion, led
by growth in credit cards of 21% and small business loans of eight percent. Branch Banking continued to realize a shift to higher-rate deposit products throughout 2006. Interest checking and demand deposits decreased $2.9 billion, or 15%, and
savings, money market and other time deposits increased $4.9 billion, or 27%, compared to 2005. The provision for loan and lease losses increased $10 million over 2005. Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases increased slightly from
62 bp to 64 bp. 

Noninterest income increased seven percent from 2005. Electronic payment processing revenue increased due
to a $27 million, or 20%, increase in card issuer interchange and a $7 million, or 26%, increase in cardholder fees. The Bancorp expects interchange and cardholder fees to continue to grow due to the increased emphasis on cross-selling credit cards
to its existing customer base. 

Noninterest expense increased by four percent compared to 2005 as costs were contained
despite the effect from the Bancorp’s continued de novo banking center growth strategy. Net occupancy and equipment expenses increased 11% 

compared to 2005 as a result of the continued opening of new banking centers. 51 banking centers were opened in 2006, and 63 in 2005, that did not involve
the relocation or consolidation of existing facilities. The Bancorp will continue to position itself for sustained long-term growth through new banking center additions. Card processing expenses increased $15 million on greater sales volumes, and
marketing expenses increased $8 million primarily related to attracting new core deposit accounts. 

Consumer Lending

Consumer Lending includes the Bancorp’s mortgage and home equity lending activities and other indirect lending activities.
Mortgage and home equity lending activities include the origination, retention and servicing of mortgage and home equity loans or lines of credit, sales and securitizations of those loans or pools of loans or lines of credit and all associated
hedging activities. Other indirect lending activities include loans to consumers through mortgage brokers, auto dealers and federal and private student education loans. The table below contains selected financial data for the Consumer Lending
segment. 

TABLE 15: CONSUMER LENDING 

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$380

397

421

 Provision for loan and lease losses

94

90

84

 Noninterest income:

 Mortgage banking net revenue

148

165

167

 Other noninterest income

81

125

227

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

101

98

102

 Other noninterest expenses

202

252

309

 Income before taxes

212

247

320

 Applicable income taxes

75

87

109

 Net income

$137

160

211

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Consumer loans

$20,430

19,161

17,536

Net income decreased $23 million, or 14%, compared to 2005. Net interest income
decreased $17 million, or four percent, despite average loans and leases increasing seven percent, due to a 17 bp decline in the spread between loan yields and the related FTP charge as a result of the shift in the mix of loans and the increasingly
competitive environment in which this segment competes. The Bancorp is focused on meeting its customers’ varying financial needs by offering new consumer products while maintaining its current credit quality profile. 

The Bancorp had mortgage originations of $9.4 billion, $9.9 and $8.4 billion in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. As a result of the
decrease in originations and the corresponding decrease in gains on sales of mortgages, mortgage banking net revenue decreased $17 million, or 10%. Decreases in other noninterest income and expense were largely a result of the planned run off of the
consumer operating lease portfolios. Operating lease income and expense decreased from 2005 by $39 million and $29 million, respectively. As the operating lease portfolio is nearing maturity, operating lease income and expense should have an
immaterial effect on 2007 results. 

32    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 Investment Advisors 

Investment
Advisors provides a full range of investment alternatives for individuals, companies and not-for-profit organizations. The Bancorp’s primary services include investments, trust, asset management, retirement plans and custody. Fifth Third
Securities, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, offers full service retail brokerage services to individual clients and broker dealer services to the institutional marketplace. Fifth Third Asset Management, Inc., an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, provides asset management services and also advises the Bancorp’s proprietary family of mutual funds. The table below contains selected financial data for the Investment Advisors segment. 

TABLE 16: INVESTMENT ADVISORS 

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$125

131

129

 Provision for loan and lease losses

3

4

2

 Noninterest income:

 Investment advisory revenue

367

360

367

 Other noninterest income

19

16

19

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

172

170

148

 Other noninterest expenses

211

215

220

 Income before taxes

125

118

145

 Applicable income taxes

44

42

49

 Net income

$81

76

96

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Loans and leases

$3,068

2,684

2,176

 Core deposits

4,499

3,976

3,487

Net income increased $5 million, or six percent, compared to 2005 as a result of
modest growth in investment advisory revenue and a decline in noninterest expense. Net interest income declined four percent to $125 million due to the decline in interest rate spread as a result of the continued mix shift to higher cost deposit
products. The negative impact of the shift in deposit mix more than offset the $384 million, or 14%, increase in average loans and leases in 2006. 

Noninterest income increased three percent from 2005 as the $7 million increase in private client revenues was mitigated by a decrease in mutual fund revenue of $3 million. The decrease in mutual fund revenue was
primarily the result of the deployment of an open architecture on proprietary fund sales. Noninterest expenses decreased modestly compared to the prior year due to the focus on expense control. Employee compensation is expected to increase in 2007
as the Bancorp looks to expand its sales force throughout its footprint, particularly in retail brokerage. 

Processing Solutions

Fifth Third Processing Solutions provides electronic funds transfer, debit, credit and merchant transaction processing, operates
the Jeanie®

 ATM network and provides other data
processing services to affiliated and unaffiliated customers. The table below contains selected financial data for the Processing Solutions segment. 

 TABLE 17: PROCESSING SOLUTIONS

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$33

28

29

 Provision for loan and lease losses

10

18

10

 Noninterest income:

 Merchant processing

397

351

305

 EFT processing

297

257

219

 Other noninterest income

88

25

173

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

71

53

50

 Net occupancy and equipment expenses

13

6

7

 Transaction processing

303

253

205

 Other noninterest expenses

140

150

145

 Income before taxes

278

181

309

 Applicable income taxes

98

64

105

 Net income

$180

117

204

Net income increased $63 million versus the prior year. Excluding the $78 million
of pretax securities gains from the sale of the Bancorp’s MasterCard, Inc. shares, included in other noninterest income, net income increased 10% compared to 2005, as electronic payment processing revenues continued to produce double-digit
increases. Merchant and EFT revenues increased by 13% and 15% primarily due to new customer additions and related increased volume. 2004 results are affected by the sale of certain third-party sourced merchant processing contracts that resulted in a
pretax gain of $157 million. The Bancorp continues to see opportunities to attract new financial institution customers and retailers within this business segment. 

The strong increase in noninterest income was mitigated by a 14% increase in noninterest expense due to headcount additions, investment in information technology and transaction processing costs.
Salaries, incentives and benefits increased 33% with the addition of over 300 employees. The 20% increase in transaction processing costs compared to 2005 primarily resulted from network membership fees and volume-related costs as the number of
merchant transactions processed increased 17% over 2005. 

Other/Eliminations 

Other/Eliminations includes the unallocated portion of the investment securities portfolio, certain wholesale funding, unassigned equity and certain
support activities, provision expense in excess of net charge-offs and other items not attributed to the business segments. 

The results of Other/Eliminations were primarily impacted by the balance sheet actions in the fourth quarter of 2006 and the related loss on the sale of securities. Other/Eliminations was also impacted by wholesale funding repricing at a
faster rate than securities as a result of rising short-term rates in the first half of 2006. The Bancorp experienced an increase in the average interest rate on wholesale funding from 3.36% in 2005 to 5.02% in 2006 compared to an increase in the
average interest rate on securities from 4.36% in 2005 to 4.56% in 2006. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    33 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FOURTH QUARTER REVIEW 

 The Bancorp’s 2006 fourth quarter earnings per diluted share were $.12 compared to $.60 per diluted share for the same period in 2005. Fourth quarter
net income totaled $66 million compared to $332 million in the same quarter last year. Fourth quarter 2006 earnings and ratios were negatively impacted by $454 million in total pretax losses and charges related to balance sheet actions taken to
improve the asset/liability profile of the Bancorp. The pretax losses and charges consisted of $398 million in losses on the sale of $11.3 billion in available-for-sale securities; $17 million in losses on derivatives related to the securities sold,
recorded in other noninterest income; and $39 million in charges related to the termination of the repurchase and reverse agreements, recorded in other noninterest expense. Return on average assets and return on average equity were .25% and 2.6%,
respectively, compared to 1.27% and 13.9% in 2005’s fourth quarter. The Bancorp’s efficiency ratio was 82.9% in the fourth quarter compared to 55.6% last year and 55.5% in the previous quarter. 

Compared to the fourth quarter of 2005, net interest income (FTE) increased one percent, reflecting a two percent decline in earning
assets and 5 bp improvement of the net interest margin (FTE). Compared to the third quarter of 2006, net interest income (FTE) increased by $25 million and was primarily driven by the sale of available-for-sale securities and repayment of $8.5
billion in wholesale borrowings. Solid trends in loan growth and greater stability in deposit pricing also contributed to the increase. The improvement in net interest margin in the fourth quarter was primarily due to the sales of securities,
stronger core deposit growth and improved loan yields. 

Overall noninterest income, excluding balance sheet actions taken in
the fourth quarter, remained flat compared to the same quarter last year and increased three percent on a sequential basis. 

Electronic payment processing revenues increased 14% over the same quarter last year reflecting double-digit growth in merchant processing and card interchange, though growth was mitigated by the effects of slower consumer spending
throughout 2006. 

Deposit service revenue decreased eight percent compared to the same quarter last year. Retail deposit
revenue decreased 10% reflecting significantly lower consumer overdraft fees. The Bancorp has been encouraging its customers to enroll in overdraft protection as a means to establish stronger relationships and improve account retention. Commercial
deposit revenue decreased five percent due to increased earnings credits on compensating balances. 

Mortgage banking net
revenue totaled $30 million in the fourth quarter compared to $42 million in the prior year fourth quarter. The decline was primarily due to decreased origination fees and lower gains on loan sales, reflecting lower market spreads. Mortgage
originations were $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter and $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter of last year. Fourth quarter mortgage banking net servicing revenue totaled $7 million and was comprised of $31 million in total mortgage servicing fees,
less $19 million in amortization and $5 million in net valuation adjustments on mortgage servicing rights. 

 Investment advisory revenues increased by four percent over the same quarter last year. The increase was driven by strong growth in
private banking and moderate growth in the retail securities and institutional businesses, partially offset by lower mutual fund fees reflecting the ongoing effect of open architecture on proprietary fund sales. 

Corporate banking revenue for the fourth quarter 2006 decreased 11% compared to the same quarter last year. The decrease was primarily due
to unusually strong fourth quarter 2005 lease syndication fees, as well as lower letter of credit and customer interest rate derivative income. 

Other noninterest income totaled $58 million in the fourth quarter compared to $77 million in the same quarter last year. The decrease from the prior year quarter was a result of the $17 million in losses on
derivatives related to securities sold as part of the balance sheet actions taken in this year’s fourth quarter. Other noninterest income decreased by $29 million compared to the third quarter of 2006. Comparisons to the third quarter reflect
the losses on derivatives mentioned above, in addition to $11 million in gains related to the third quarter sales of three Indiana branches and a small out-of-footprint credit card portfolio. 

Total noninterest expense increased by five percent compared to the same quarter last year. Comparisons reflect a $39 million charge in
the fourth quarter of 2006 associated with the termination of financing agreements as part of the balance sheet actions taken and approximately $9 million in fraud-related expenses and approximately $10 million in tax-related expense in the fourth
quarter 2005. Excluding the above-mentioned items, noninterest expense increased two percent due to higher personnel expense and de novo related occupancy expense. Compared to the third quarter of 2006, total noninterest expense increased by $31
million primarily due to higher processing volume-related expenses and the $39 million in termination of financing agreements mentioned above, offset by $11 million in charges for the early retirement of debt and $8 million in pension settlement
expenses incurred in the third quarter. 

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases were 52 bp in the
fourth quarter, compared to 43 bp last quarter and 67 bp in the fourth quarter of 2005. Net charge-offs were $97 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $79 million in the third quarter of 2006 and $117 million in the same quarter last year. The
increase from the last quarter resulted from two large commercial credits totaling $9 million, higher small business charge-offs and higher indirect consumer losses. Fourth quarter 2005 numbers reflect an elevated level of net charge-offs associated
with approximately $27 million in losses from bankrupt commercial airline carriers and a $15 million increase in consumer loan and lease losses associated with increased personal bankruptcies declared prior to enacted reform legislation in 2005. The
provision for loan and lease losses totaled $107 million in the fourth quarter compared to $87 million in the third quarter of 2006 and $134 million in the same quarter last year. 

34    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 

 TABLE 18: COMPONENTS OF TOTAL LOANS AND LEASES (INCLUDING HELD FOR
SALE)

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Commercial:

 Commercial loans

$

20,725

19,299

16,058

14,226

12,786

 Commercial mortgage

10,405

9,188

7,636

6,894

5,885

 Commercial construction

6,168

6,342

4,348

3,301

3,009

 Commercial leases

3,841

3,698

3,426

3,264

3,019

 Total commercial loans and leases

41,139

38,527

31,468

27,685

24,699

 Consumer:

 Residential mortgage

9,226

8,296

7,533

5,530

6,804

 Residential construction

679

695

378

335

319

 Credit card

1,110

866

843

762

537

 Home equity

12,365

12,000

10,508

8,993

8,675

 Other consumer loans

9,911

9,250

7,586

8,436

5,909

 Consumer leases

1,073

1,595

2,051

2,448

2,343

 Total consumer loans and leases

34,364

32,702

28,899

26,504

24,587

 Total loans and leases

$

75,503

71,229

60,367

54,189

49,286

 Loans and Leases 

Total loans
and leases increased six percent compared to December 31, 2005. Table 18 presents the Bancorp’s total commercial and consumer loan and lease portfolio by the primary purpose of the loan. During 2006, the Bancorp reviewed its loan
classifications, which resulted in a reclassification of approximately $450 million of commercial loans to commercial mortgage. The impact to average loans was immaterial as the reclassification took place at the end of 2006. Prior year balances
were not restated. Total loans and leases grew in over half of its affiliates with double-digit growth in the Cleveland, Detroit, Lexington, Nashville, Orlando and Tampa markets. 

Total commercial loans and leases increased $2.6 billion, or seven percent, compared to the prior year. Excluding the impact of the 2006
reclassification, commercial loans increased $1.9 billion or 10%, and commercial mortgage increased by approximately $800 million, or eight percent, compared to December 31, 2005. The mix of commercial loans was consistent with the prior year.

Total consumer loans and leases increased five percent compared to December 31, 2005 as a result of the introduction
of new residential mortgage products and increased promotion 

of credit cards. Residential mortgage loans increased $930 million, or 11%, compared to 2005. Comparisons to prior years are dependent upon the volume and
timing of originations as well as the timing of loan sales. Residential mortgage originations totaled $9.4 billion in 2006 compared to $9.9 billion in 2005. Credit card balances increased 28% to $1.1 billion. A key focus for the Bancorp in 2007 is
increasing its penetration of credit cards within in its retail footprint. Consumer lease balances decreased 33% from December 31, 2005 largely due to continued competitive pricing from captive financing companies. 

Average commercial loans and leases increased $3.8 billion, or 10%, compared to the December 31, 2005. The Bancorp experienced
double-digit growth in more than half of its affiliates, including 15% in the Florida markets, 18% in Tennessee and Chicago and 26% in Cleveland. 

The growth in average consumer loans and leases was a result of strong growth in each category mitigated by a decline in consumer auto leases. Average consumer loans and leases increased $2.0 billion, or six percent,
compared to 2005, highlighted by 33% growth in both the Florida and Tennessee markets. 

 TABLE 19: COMPONENTS OF AVERAGE TOTAL LOANS AND LEASES

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Commercial:

 Commercial loans

$

20,400

18,241

14,908

13,672

11,665

 Commercial mortgage

9,797

8,923

7,391

6,299

5,834

 Commercial construction

6,015

5,525

3,807

3,097

3,023

 Commercial leases

3,730

3,495

3,296

3,037

2,640

 Total commercial loans and leases (including held for
sale)

39,942

36,184

29,402

26,105

23,162

 Consumer:

 Residential mortgage

8,855

8,396

6,454

6,565

6,100

 Residential construction

719

586

347

315

277

 Credit card

942

797

787

591

478

 Home equity

12,268

11,463

9,797

9,084

8,444

 Other consumer loans

9,439

8,489

7,958

7,259

5,017

 Consumer leases

1,328

1,822

2,297

2,495

2,061

 Total consumer loans and leases (including held for
sale)

33,551

31,553

27,640

26,309

22,377

 Total loans and leases (including held for sale)

$

73,493

67,737

57,042

52,414

45,539

 Total portfolio loans and leases (excluding held for
sale)

$

72,447

66,685

55,951

49,700

43,529

Fifth Third Bancorp    35 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Investment Securities 

As of
December 31, 2006, total investment securities were $11.6 billion compared to $22.4 billion at December 31, 2005. Securities are classified as available-for-sale when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response to or in
anticipation of changes in market conditions. The Bancorp’s management has evaluated the securities in an unrealized loss position in the available-for-sale portfolio and maintains the intent and ability to hold these securities to the earlier
of the recovery of the losses or maturity. 

During the fourth quarter of 2006, the Bancorp evaluated its overall balance
sheet composition and took certain actions with respect to its available-for-sale securities portfolio. The Bancorp’s objective was to improve the asset/liability profile of the Bancorp and reduce the size of its available-for-sale securities
portfolio to a size that is more consistent with its liquidity, collateral and interest rate risk management requirements, improve composition of the balance sheet with a lower concentration in fixed-rate assets, lower wholesale borrowings to reduce
leverage and better position the Bancorp for an uncertain economic and interest rate environment. On November 20, 2006, the Bancorp’s Board of Directors approved the following actions with respect to the Bancorp’s available-for-sale
securities portfolio: (i) sales of $11.3 billion in available-for-sale securities, with a weighted-average yield of approximately 4.30% and (ii) reinvestment of approximately $2.8 billion in available-for-sale securities that are more
efficient when used as collateral for pledging purposes. The subsequent sale of available-for-sale securities later in the fourth quarter resulted in pretax losses of $398 million. Additionally, during the third quarter of 2006, the

Bancorp sold $726 million of FHLMC callable debt, which represented nearly all of its position in these securities, in order to reduce its credit exposure as
a result of recent market events. 

Net unrealized losses on the available-for-sale securities portfolio were $183 million at
December 31, 2006 compared to $609 million at December 31, 2005. As of December 31, 2006, 95% of the unrealized losses in the available-for-sale securities portfolio were comprised of securities issued by U.S. Treasury and Government
agencies, U.S. Government sponsored agencies and states and political subdivisions as well as agency mortgage-backed securities. The Bancorp believes the price movements in these securities were the result of movement in market interest rates.

On an amortized cost basis, at the end of 2006, available-for-sale securities decreased $11.3 billion since
December 31, 2005. At December 31, 2006, available-for-sale securities have decreased to 13% of interest-earning assets, compared to 24% at December 31, 2005. The estimated weighted-average life of the debt securities in the
available-for-sale portfolio was 4.3 years at December 31, 2006 and 2005. At December 31, 2006, the fixed-rate securities within the available-for-sale securities portfolio had a weighted-average yield of 5.13%. 

Information presented in Table 20 is on a weighted-average life basis, anticipating future prepayments. Yield information is presented on
an FTE basis and is computed using historical cost balances. Maturity and yield calculations for the total available-for-sale portfolio exclude equity securities that have no stated yield or maturity. 

TABLE 20: CHARACTERISTICS OF AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE AND OTHER SECURITIES 

 As of December 31, 2006 ($ in millions)

Amortized Cost

Fair Value

Weighted-AverageLife (in years)

Weighted-AverageYield

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies:

 Average life of one year or less

$1,392

$1,392

.1

4.83

%

 Average life 1 – 5 years

4

4

2.6

6.53

 Average life 5 – 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Average life greater than 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Total

1,396

1,396

.1

4.83

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies:

 Average life of one year or less

-

-

-

-

 Average life 1 – 5 years

100

95

4.9

4.20

 Average life 5 – 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Average life greater than 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Total

100

95

4.9

4.20

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions (a):

 Average life of one year or less

57

57

.5

7.81

 Average life 1 – 5 years

403

411

3.2

7.30

 Average life 5 – 10 years

106

109

6.4

7.12

(b)

 Average life greater than 10 years

37

37

11.7

8.55

(b)

 Total

603

614

4.0

7.33

 Agency mortgage-backed securities:

 Average life of one year or less

7

7

.7

6.73

 Average life 1 – 5 years

2,980

2,928

3.5

5.03

 Average life 5 – 10 years

5,012

4,881

5.9

5.09

 Average life greater than 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Total

7,999

7,816

5.0

5.07

 Other bonds, notes and debentures (c):

 Average life of one year or less

7

8

.6

35.56

(d)

 Average life 1 – 5 years

155

153

2.7

5.59

 Average life 5 – 10 years

10

10

9.0

5.60

 Average life greater than 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Total

172

171

3.1

6.75

 Other securities (e)

966

961

 Total available-for-sale and other
securities

$11,236

$11,053

4.3

5.18

%

 (a)

 Taxable-equivalent yield adjustments included in the above table are 2.57%, 2.42%, 2.95%, 2.25% and 2.42% for securities with an average life of one year or
less, 1-5 years, 5-10 years, greater than 10 years and in total, respectively. 

 (b)

 Weighted-average yield excludes $18 million and $35 million of securities with an average life of 5-10 years and greater than 10 years, respectively, related
to qualified zone academy bonds whose yields are realized through income tax credits. The weighted-average effective yield of these instruments is 6.77%. 

 (c)

 Other bonds, notes, and debentures consist of non-agency mortgage backed securities, certain other asset backed securities (primarily automobile and
commercial loan backed securities) and corporate bond securities. 

 (d)

 Amount includes residual interest in an auto securitization with a cost of $5 million and fair market value of $6 million, which is expected to mature in
2007. 

 (e)

 Other securities consist of Federal Home Loan Bank (“FHLB”) and Federal Reserve Bank restricted stock holdings that are carried at cost, FHLMC
preferred stock holdings, certain mutual fund holdings and equity security holdings. 

36    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 21: COMPONENTS OF INVESTMENT SECURITIES (AMORTIZED COST BASIS) 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Available-for-sale and other:

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$

1,396

506

503

838

303

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

100

2,034

2,036

3,877

2,308

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

603

657

823

922

1,033

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

7,999

16,127

17,571

21,101

19,328

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

172

2,119

2,862

1,401

1,084

 Other securities

966

1,090

1,006

937

734

 Total available-for-sale and other
securities

$

11,236

22,533

24,801

29,076

24,790

 Held-to-maturity:

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

$

345

378

245

126

52

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

11

11

10

9

-

 Total held-to-maturity

$

356

389

255

135

52

TABLE 22: DEPOSITS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Demand

$

14,331

14,609

13,486

12,142

10,095

 Interest checking

15,993

18,282

19,481

19,757

17,878

 Savings

13,181

11,276

8,310

7,375

10,056

 Money market

6,584

6,129

4,321

3,201

1,044

 Transaction deposits

50,089

50,296

45,598

42,475

39,073

 Other time

10,987

9,313

6,837

6,201

7,638

 Core deposits

61,076

59,609

52,435

48,676

46,711

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

6,628

4,343

2,121

1,856

1,723

 Foreign office

1,676

3,482

3,670

6,563

3,774

 Total deposits

$

69,380

67,434

58,226

57,095

52,208

 Deposits 

Deposit balances
represent an important source of funding and revenue growth opportunity. The Bancorp is continuing to focus on transaction account deposit growth in its retail and commercial franchises by expanding its retail franchise, enhancing its product
offering and providing competitive rates. The Bancorp’s goal is to continue to grow the core deposit component of its funding profile. At December 31, 2006, core deposits represented 61% of the Bancorp’s asset funding base, compared
to 57% at December 31, 2005. 

Core deposits grew two percent compared to December 31, 2005, but the Bancorp
continues to realize a mix shift as customers move from lower-yield transaction accounts to higher-yield time deposits. Overall, transaction deposits balances remained stable compared to the prior year. 

 Foreign office deposits
represent U.S. dollar denominated deposits of the Bancorp’s foreign branch located in the Cayman Islands. The Bancorp utilizes these deposit as well as certificates $100,000 and over as a method to fund earning asset growth. 

On an average basis, core deposits increased five percent while continuing to realize a mix shift within core deposits compared to 2005.
The Bancorp realized strong double-digit growth in savings, money market and other time deposits mitigated by decreases in demand and interest checking deposits. The Bancorp experienced double-digit average transaction deposit increases in the
Indianapolis, Tampa, Orlando, Lexington and Louisville markets. 

TABLE 23: AVERAGE DEPOSITS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Demand

$

13,741

13,868

12,327

10,482

8,953

 Interest checking

16,650

18,884

19,434

18,679

16,239

 Savings

12,189

10,007

7,941

8,020

9,465

 Money market

6,366

5,170

3,473

3,189

1,162

 Transaction deposits

48,946

47,929

43,175

40,370

35,819

 Other time

10,500

8,491

6,208

6,426

8,855

 Core deposits

59,446

56,420

49,383

46,796

44,674

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

5,795

4,001

2,403

3,832

2,237

 Foreign office

3,711

3,967

4,449

3,862

2,018

 Total deposits

$

68,952

64,388

56,235

54,490

48,929

 Borrowings 

During 2006, the
Bancorp reduced its reliance on wholesale borrowings. As a result of not reinvesting cash flows from the securities portfolio throughout the year and the balance sheet actions in the fourth quarter, the Bancorp reduced the amount of total borrowings
$8.0 billion, or 32%, compared to the prior year-end. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005 total borrowings as a percentage of interest-bearing liabilities were 22% and 

29%, respectively. The Bancorp continues to explore additional alternatives regarding the level and cost of various other sources of funding. Refer to the
Liquidity Risk Management section for discussion on the Bancorp’s liquidity management and Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a comprehensive listing of the components of long-term debt. 

TABLE 24: BORROWINGS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Federal funds purchased

$1,421

5,323

4,714

6,928

4,748

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

775

500

-

 Other short-term borrowings

2,796

4,246

4,537

5,742

4,075

 Long-term debt

12,558

15,227

13,983

9,063

8,179

 Total borrowings

$16,775

24,796

24,009

22,233

17,002

Fifth Third Bancorp    37 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RISK MANAGEMENT 

 Managing risk is an essential component of successfully operating a financial services company. The Bancorp’s risk management function is responsible
for the identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting of risk and mitigation of those risks that are inconsistent with the Bancorp’s risk profile. The Enterprise Risk Management division, led by the Bancorp’s Chief Risk
Officer, ensures consistency in the Bancorp’s approach to managing and monitoring risk within the structure of the Bancorp’s affiliate operating model. The risks faced by the Bancorp include, but are not limited to, credit, market,
liquidity, operational and regulatory compliance. In addition, the Internal Audit division provides an independent assessment of the Bancorp’s internal control structure and related systems and processes. The Enterprise Risk Management division
includes the following key functions: 

 •

 Risk Policy - ensures consistency in the approach to risk management as the Bancorp’s clearinghouse for credit, market and operational risk policies,
procedures and guidelines; 

 •

 Operational Risk Management - responsible for the risk self-assessment process, the change control evaluation process, fraud prevention and detection, and root
cause analysis and corrective action plans relating to identified operational losses; 

 •

 Insurance Risk Management - responsible for all property, casualty and liability insurance policies including the claims administration process for the Bancorp;

 •

 Capital Markets Risk Management - responsible for establishing and monitoring proprietary trading limits, monitoring liquidity and interest rate risk and
utilizing value at risk and earnings at risk models; 

 •

 Credit Risk Review - responsible for evaluating the sufficiency of underwriting, documentation and approval processes for consumer and commercial credits,
counter-party credit risk, the accuracy of risk grades assigned to commercial credit exposures, and appropriate accounting for charge-offs, non-accrual status and specific reserves; 

 •

 Compliance Risk Management - responsible for oversight of compliance with all banking regulations; 

 •

 Risk Strategies and Reporting - responsible for quantitative analytics and Board of Directors and senior management reporting on credit, market and operational
risk metrics; and 

 •

 Investment Advisors Risk Management - responsible for trust compliance, fiduciary risk and trading risk in the Investment Advisors line of business.

 Designated risk managers have been assigned to the business lines reporting directly to the Enterprise Risk Management division and indirectly to senior executives within the division or affiliate. Affiliate risk management is handled by
regional risk managers who are responsible for multiple affiliates and who report jointly to affiliate presidents and the Enterprise Risk Management division. 

Risk management oversight and governance is provided by the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors and through multiple management committees whose membership includes a broad
cross-section of line of business, affiliate and support representatives. The Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors consists of three outside directors and has the responsibility for the oversight of credit, market, operational,
regulatory compliance and strategic risk management activities for the Bancorp as well as for the Bancorp’s overall aggregate risk profile. The Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors has approved the formation of key management
governance committees that are responsible for evaluating risks and controls. These committees include the Market Risk Committee, the Credit Risk Committee, the Operational Risk Committee and the Executive Asset Liability Risk Committee. There are
also new products and initiatives processes applicable to every line of business to ensure an appropriate standard readiness assessment is performed before launching a new product or initiative. Significant risk policies approved by the management
governance committees are also reviewed and approved by the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors. 

38    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 25: COMMERCIAL LOAN AND LEASE PORTFOLIO EXPOSURE
(a) 

2006

2005

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

Outstanding

Exposure

Nonaccrual

Outstanding

Exposure

Nonaccrual

 By industry:

 Real estate

$10,652

13,196

50

9,503

11,689

32

 Construction

5,490

8,963

69

4,911

8,094

49

 Manufacturing

5,198

11,443

22

4,457

9,975

47

 Retail trade

3,655

6,515

27

3,602

5,962

18

 Transportation and warehousing

2,097

2,432

4

1,701

1,993

6

 Business services

1,862

3,640

16

1,886

3,351

13

 Healthcare

1,860

3,208

9

1,664

2,844

10

 Wholesale trade

1,827

3,642

11

1,879

3,540

9

 Financial services and insurance

1,509

4,855

8

1,111

3,069

1

 Individuals

1,364

1,785

13

1,840

2,371

12

 Other services

959

1,373

14

945

1,260

9

 Accommodation and food

860

1,323

10

997

1,396

9

 Public administration

792

930

-

830

1,004

-

 Agribusiness

609

782

8

569

752

2

 Entertainment and recreation

602

841

2

527

749

3

 Other

578

1,269

4

1,041

1,596

3

 Communication and information

567

1,073

1

544

1,119

4

 Utilities

370

1,187

-

301

1,001

-

 Mining

288

637

3

219

419

-

 Total

$41,139

69,094

271

38,527

62,184

227

 By loan size:

 Less than $200,000

4

%

3

13

5

4

14

 $200,000 to $1 million

16

12

34

19

15

34

 $1 million to $5 million

32

27

48

34

28

33

 $5 million to $10 million

17

16

5

18

20

8

 $10 million to $25 million

21

24

-

18

19

-

 Greater than $25 million

10

18

-

6

14

11

 Total

100

%

100

100

100

100

100

 By state:

 Ohio

25

%

28

36

26

29

30

 Michigan

22

19

19

22

21

21

 Illinois

10

10

8

10

10

8

 Florida

10

9

9

10

9

4

 Indiana

9

9

15

10

10

25

 Kentucky

6

6

8

6

6

6

 Tennessee

3

3

1

3

2

3

 Pennsylvania

1

2

-

1

1

-

 Missouri

1

1

-

1

1

-

 West Virginia

-

-

-

-

-

1

 Out-of-footprint

13

13

4

11

11

2

 Total

100

%

100

100

100

100

100

 (a)

 Outstanding reflects total commercial customer loan and lease balances, including held for sale and net of unearned income, and exposure reflects total
commercial customer lending commitments. 

 CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT

The objective of the Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy is to quantify and manage credit risk on an aggregate portfolio
basis, as well as to limit the risk of loss resulting from an individual customer default. The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy is based on three core principles: conservatism, diversification and monitoring. The Bancorp believes that
effective credit risk management begins with conservative lending practices. These practices include conservative exposure and counterparty limits and conservative underwriting, documentation and collection standards. The Bancorp’s credit risk
management strategy also emphasizes diversification on a geographic, industry and customer level, regular credit examinations and monthly management reviews of large credit exposures and credits experiencing deterioration of credit quality. Lending
officers with the authority to extend credit are delegated specific authority amounts, the utilization of which is closely monitored. Lending activities are largely decentralized, while the Enterprise Risk Management division manages the policy and
authority delegation process centrally. The Credit Risk Review function, within the Enterprise Risk Management division, provides objective assessments of the quality of underwriting and documentation, the accuracy of risk grades and the charge-off
and reserve analysis process. 

 The Bancorp’s credit review process and overall assessment of required allowances is based on ongoing quarterly assessments of the probable estimated losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp
uses these assessments to promptly identify potential problem loans or leases within the portfolio, maintain an adequate reserve and take any necessary charge-offs. In addition to the individual review of larger commercial loans that exhibit
probable or observed credit weaknesses, the commercial credit review process includes the use of two risk grading systems. The risk grading system currently utilized for reserve analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. The Bancorp also
maintains a dual risk rating system that provides for thirteen probability of default grade categories and an additional six grade categories for estimating actual losses given an event of default. The probability of default and loss given default
evaluations are not separated in the ten-grade risk rating system. The Bancorp is in the process of completing significant validation and testing of the dual risk rating system prior to implementation for reserve analysis purposes. The dual risk
rating system is expected to be consistent with Basel II expectations and allows for more precision in the analysis of commercial credit risk. Scoring systems and delinquency monitoring are used to assess the credit risk in the Bancorp’s
homogenous consumer loan portfolios. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    39 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 26: SUMMARY OF NONPERFORMING ASSETS AND DELINQUENT LOANS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Commercial loans and leases

$

133

145

110

129

159

 Commercial mortgages

84

51

51

42

41

 Commercial construction

54

31

13

19

14

 Residential mortgages and construction

38

30

24

25

18

 Consumer loans and leases

43

37

30

27

15

 Total nonaccrual loans and leases

352

294

228

242

247

 Renegotiated loans and leases

-

-

1

8

-

 Other assets, including other real estate owned

103

67

74

69

26

 Total nonperforming assets

$

455

361

303

319

273

 Commercial loans and leases

$

40

21

22

15

29

 Commercial mortgages and construction

23

14

13

12

18

 Credit card receivables

16

10

13

13

9

 Residential mortgages and construction (a)

68

53

43

51

60

 Consumer loans and leases

63

57

51

54

46

 Total 90 days past due loans and leases

$

210

155

142

145

162

 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total loans, leases and other assets, including other real estate owned

.61

%

.52

.51

.61

.59

 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of nonperforming assets
(b)

170

206

235

219

251

 (a)

 Information for all periods presented excludes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements to Government National Mortgage Association (“GNMA”)
mortgage pools whose repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs. As of December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, these advances were $14 million, $13 million and $23 million,
respectively. Information prior to December 31, 2004 was not available. 

 (b)

 At December 31, 2004, the reserve for unfunded commitments was reclassified from the allowance for loan and lease losses to other liabilities. The 2003
year-end reserve for unfunded commitments has been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. 

 Portfolio Diversity

The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy includes minimizing concentrations of risk through diversification. Table 25
provides breakouts of the commercial loan and lease portfolio, including held for sale, by major industry classification, by loan size and by state, illustrating the diversity and granularity of the Bancorp’s portfolio. 

The commercial portfolio is characterized by 87% of outstanding balances and exposures concentrated within the Bancorp’s primary
market areas of Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Missouri and Pennsylvania. Exclusive of a national large-ticket leasing business, the commercial portfolio is characterized by 94% of outstanding
balances and 91% of exposures concentrated within these ten states. The mortgage and construction segments of the commercial portfolio are characterized by 97% of outstanding balances and 96% of exposures concentrated within these ten states.

Analysis of Nonperforming Assets 

Nonperforming assets include: (i) nonaccrual loans and leases for which ultimate collectibility of the full amount of the principal and/or interest is uncertain; (ii) loans and leases that have been
renegotiated to provide for a reduction or deferral of interest or principal because of deterioration in the financial position of the borrower and (iii) other assets, including other real estate owned and repossessed equipment. Loans are
placed on nonaccrual status when the principal or interest is past due 90 days or more (unless the loan is both well secured and in process of collection) and payment of the full principal and/or interest under the contractual terms of the loan are
not expected. Additionally, loans are placed on nonaccrual status upon deterioration of the financial condition of the borrower. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, the accrual of interest, amortization of loan premium, accretion of loan
discount and amortization or accretion of deferred net loan fees or costs are discontinued and previously accrued but unpaid interest is reversed. Commercial loans on nonaccrual status are reviewed for impairment at least quarterly. If the principal
or a portion of principal is deemed a loss, the loss amount is charged off to the allowance for loan and lease losses. 

Total nonperforming assets were $455 million at December 31, 2006, an increase of $94 million compared to $361 million at December 31, 2005. Nonperforming assets remain a small percentage of total loans, leases and other assets,
including other real estate owned at .61% as of 

December 31, 2006, compared to .52% as of December 31, 2005. 

Commercial nonaccrual credits as a percent of commercial loans increased from .59% in 2005 to .66% in 2006 primarily due to increases in the Indianapolis and Cleveland markets offset by a
decrease in the Cincinnati market. Consumer nonaccrual loans as a percent of loans increased slightly from .20% in 2005 to .24% in 2006. Overall, nonaccrual loans continue to represent a small portion of the portfolio at just .47% as of
December 31, 2006, compared to .41% as of December 31, 2005. 

Total loans and leases 90 days past due have
increased from $155 million as of December 31, 2005 to $210 million as of December 31, 2006. The $55 million increase from the prior year was evenly distributed between commercial and consumer loans and leases. 

At December 31, 2006, there were $24 million of loans and leases currently performing in accordance with contractual terms, but for
which there were serious doubts as to the ability of the borrower to comply with such terms. For the years 2006 and 2005, interest income of $10 million and $8 million, respectively, was recorded on nonaccrual and renegotiated loans and leases. For
the years ended 2006 and 2005, additional interest income of $85 million and $53 million, respectively, would have been recorded if the nonaccrual and renegotiated loans and leases had been current in accordance with the original terms. 

Analysis of Net Loan Charge-offs 

Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases were 44 bp for 2006, compared to 45 bp for 2005. The ratio of commercial loan net charge-offs to average commercial loans outstanding increased to 53 bp in 2006 compared to 41 bp in
2005 due to increases in net charge-offs in the Indianapolis and Southern Indiana markets, partially offset by a decrease in the Cincinnati market. The net charge-off ratio for commercial mortgage loans increased 15 bp due to increased net
charge-offs in the Indianapolis, Chicago and Cleveland markets. The net charge-off ratio for commercial lease financing decreased 109 bp in 2006. The comparison to prior year is impacted by approximately $27 million in charge-offs related to
bankrupt commercial airline carriers during 2005. Consumer lease financing net losses charged off decreased to $5 million as a result of decreased net charge-offs in nearly all affiliate markets and lower averages balances. Overall, the level of net
charge-offs remains a small percentage of the total loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp expects net charge-offs to be in the low to mid 50 bp range in 2007. Table 27 provides a summary of credit loss experience and net charge-offs as a

40    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 27: SUMMARY OF CREDIT LOSS EXPERIENCE 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Losses charged off:

 Commercial loans

$

(131

)

(99

)

(95

)

(152

)

(81

)

 Commercial mortgage loans

(27

)

(13

)

(14

)

(9

)

(18

)

 Commercial lease financing

(4

)

(38

)

(8

)

(24

)

(11

)

 Construction loans

(8

)

(5

)

(7

)

(3

)

(6

)

 Residential mortgage loans

(22

)

(18

)

(15

)

(24

)

(10

)

 Consumer loans

(203

)

(181

)

(156

)

(136

)

(115

)

 Consumer lease financing

(13

)

(19

)

(26

)

(32

)

(32

)

 Total losses

(408

)

(373

)

(321

)

(380

)

(273

)

 Recoveries of losses previously charged off:

 Commercial loans

24

24

14

16

20

 Commercial mortgage loans

3

4

5

2

5

 Commercial lease financing

5

1

1

2

2

 Construction loans

-

1

-

1

3

 Residential mortgage loans

-

-

-

-

-

 Consumer loans

52

39

41

40

46

 Consumer lease financing

8

5

8

7

10

 Total recoveries

92

74

69

68

86

 Net losses charged off:

 Commercial loans

(107

)

(75

)

(81

)

(136

)

(61

)

 Commercial mortgage loans

(24

)

(9

)

(9

)

(7

)

(13

)

 Commercial lease financing

1

(37

)

(7

)

(22

)

(9

)

 Construction loans

(8

)

(4

)

(7

)

(2

)

(3

)

 Residential mortgage loans

(22

)

(18

)

(15

)

(24

)

(10

)

 Consumer loans

(151

)

(142

)

(115

)

(96

)

(69

)

 Consumer lease financing

(5

)

(14

)

(18

)

(25

)

(22

)

 Total net losses charged off

$

(316

)

(299

)

(252

)

(312

)

(187

)

 Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases (excluding held for sale):

 Commercial loans

.53

%

.41

.54

1.00

.52

 Commercial mortgage loans

.25

.10

.12

.10

.23

 Commercial lease financing

(.03

)

1.06

.21

.72

.35

 Construction loans

.11

.07

.15

.09

.12

 Residential mortgage loans

.28

.25

.27

.57

.23

 Consumer loans

.67

.68

.63

.58

.49

 Consumer lease financing

.37

.78

.81

.98

1.04

 Total net losses charged off

.44

.45

.45

.63

.43

 percentage of average loans and leases outstanding by loan category. 

Allowance for Credit Losses

The allowance for credit losses is comprised of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded commitments.
The allowance for loan and lease losses provides coverage for probable and estimable losses in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp evaluates the allowance each quarter to determine its adequacy to cover inherent losses. Several factors are
taken into consideration in the determination of the overall allowance for loan and lease losses, including the unallocated component. These factors include, but are not limited to, the overall risk profile of the loan and lease portfolios, net
charge-off experience, the extent of impaired loans and leases, the level of nonaccrual loans and leases, the level of 90 days past due loans and leases and the overall percentage level of the allowance for loan and lease losses. The Bancorp also
considers overall asset quality trends, credit administration and portfolio management practices, risk identification practices, credit policy and underwriting practices, overall portfolio growth, portfolio concentrations and current

national and local economic conditions that might impact the portfolio. 

In 2006, the Bancorp has not substantively changed any material aspect to its overall approach in the determination of the allowance for loan and lease losses and there have been no material
changes in assumptions or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period allowance. In addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, the Bancorp maintains a reserve for unfunded
commitments. The methodology used to determine the adequacy of this reserve is similar to the Bancorp’s methodology for determining the allowance for loan and lease losses. The provision for unfunded commitments is included in other noninterest
expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Table 28 shows the changes in the allowance for credit losses during 2006. 

Certain inherent but undetected losses are probable within the loan and lease portfolio. An unallocated component to the allowance for loan and lease losses is maintained to recognize this imprecision in estimating and measuring loss. The
Bancorp’s current methodology for determining this measure is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on 

TABLE 28: CHANGES IN ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Balance, beginning of year

$814

785

770

683

624

 Net losses charged off

(316)

(299)

(252)

(312)

(187)

 Provision for loan and lease losses

343

330

268

399

246

 Net change in reserve for unfunded commitments

6

(2)

(1)

-

-

 Balance, end of year

$847

814

785

770

683

 Components of allowance for credit losses (a):

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

$771

744

713

697

 Reserve for unfunded commitments

76

70

72

73

 Total allowance for credit losses

$847

814

785

770

 (a)

 At December 31, 2004, the reserve for unfunded commitments was reclassified from the allowance for loan and lease losses to other liabilities. The 2003
year-end reserve for unfunded commitments has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    
 41

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 29: ATTRIBUTION OF ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE
LOSSES TO PORTFOLIO LOANS AND LEASES 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002(a)

 Allowance attributed to:

 Commercial loans

$252

201

210

234

159

 Commercial mortgage loans

95

78

73

77

117

 Construction loans

52

47

43

34

41

 Residential mortgage loans

48

37

44

29

43

 Consumer loans

247

183

160

146

141

 Lease financing

29

56

47

64

132

 Unallocated

48

142

136

113

50

 Total allowance for loan and lease
losses

$771

744

713

697

683

 Portfolio loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

$20,725

19,174

16,058

14,209

12,743

 Commercial mortgage loans

10,405

9,188

7,636

6,894

5,885

 Construction loans

6,847

7,037

4,726

3,636

3,327

 Residential mortgage loans

8,151

7,152

6,988

4,425

3,495

 Consumer loans

23,311

22,084

18,923

17,432

15,116

 Lease financing

4,914

5,290

5,477

5,712

5,362

 Total portfolio loans and leases

$74,353

69,925

59,808

52,308

45,928

 Attributed allowance as a percent of respective portfolio loans:

 Commercial loans

1.21

%

1.05

1.31

1.65

1.24

 Commercial mortgage loans

.91

.85

.96

1.12

1.98

 Construction loans

.77

.67

.90

.94

1.24

 Residential mortgage loans

.59

.51

.63

.66

1.24

 Consumer loans

1.06

.83

.85

.84

.93

 Lease financing

.59

1.06

.86

1.12

2.46

 Unallocated (as a percent of total portfolio loans and leases)

.06

.20

.23

.22

.11

 Total portfolio loans and leases

1.04

%

1.06

1.19

1.33

1.49

 (a)

 The allowance for loan and lease losses in 2002 includes funded and unfunded commitments. At December 31, 2004, the reserve for unfunded commitments was
reclassified from the allowance for loan and lease losses to other liabilities. The 2003 year-end reserve for unfunded commitments has been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. 

 impaired commercial credits and other qualitative adjustments. Approximately 85% of the required reserves come from the baseline historical loss rates, specific reserve estimates and current
credit grades; while 15% comes from qualitative adjustments. As a result, the required reserves tend to slightly lag the deterioration in the portfolio due to the heavy reliance on realized historical losses and the credit grade rating process.
Consequently, a larger unallocated reserve is required towards the end of the stronger part of the credit cycle. As the credit cycle deteriorates and the actual loss rates and downgrades increase, the Bancorp’s methodology will result in a
lower unallocated reserve as the incurred losses get reflected into the main components of the methodology that drive the majority of the required reserve calculations. Unallocated reserves as a percent of total portfolio loans and leases for the
year ended December 31, 2006 were .06% compared to .20% for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

The allowance for
loan and lease losses at December 31, 2006 decreased to 1.04% of the total portfolio loans and leases compared to 1.06% at December 31, 2005. Overall, the Bancorp’s long history of low exposure limits, minimal exposure to national or
sub-prime lending businesses, centralized risk management and its diversified portfolio reduces the likelihood of significant unexpected credit losses. Table 29 provides the amount of the allowance for loan and lease losses by category.

 Residential Mortgage
Portfolio 

Certain mortgage products have contractual features that may increase credit exposure to the Bancorp in the event of a
decline in housing prices. These types of mortgage products offered by the Bancorp include high loan-to-value (“LTV”) ratios, multiple loans on the same collateral that when combined result in a high LTV (“80/20”) and
interest-only loans. Table 30 shows the Bancorp’s originations of these products in 2006 and 2005. The Bancorp does not currently originate mortgage loans that permit principal payment deferral or payments that are less than the accruing
interest. Table 31 provides the amount of these loans as a percent of the residential mortgage loans in the Bancorp’s portfolio and the delinquency rates of these loan products as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

The Bancorp also sells certain of these mortgage products in the secondary market with recourse. The outstanding balances and delinquency
rates for these loans sold with recourse as of December 31, 2006 and 2005 were $1.2 billion and 1.74% and $1.2 billion and 1.24%, respectively. 

The Bancorp manages credit risk in the mortgage portfolio through conservative underwriting and documentation standards and geographic and product diversification. The Bancorp may also package and sell loans in the
portfolio without recourse or may purchase mortgage insurance for the loans sold in order to mitigate credit risk. 

42    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 30: RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE ORIGINATIONS

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

Percent of total

2005

Percent of total

 Greater than 80% LTV with no mortgage insurance

$679

7

%

$

1,245

13 

%

 Interest-only

1,283

14

1,240

13

 Greater than 80% LTV and interest-only

180

2

408

4

 80/20 loans

431

5

445

5

TABLE 31: RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE OUTSTANDINGS 

2006

2005

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

Balance

 Percent

of total

DelinquencyRatio

Balance

 Percent

of total

DelinquencyRatio

 Greater than 80% LTV with no mortgage insurance

$

1,893

23

%

3.79

%

$

1,773

25

%

3.11

%

 Interest-only

1,227

15

.14

899

13

.41

 Greater than 80% LTV and interest-only

560

7

1.15

361

5

.07

 80/20 loans

28

-

.72

28

-

-

 MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 

Market risk
arises from the potential for fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices that may result in the potential reduction of net income. Interest rate risk, a component of market risk, is the exposure to adverse changes in
net interest income or financial position due to changes in interest rates. Management considers interest rate risk a prominent market risk in terms of its potential impact on earnings. Interest rate risk can occur for any one or more of the
following reasons: 

 •

 Assets and liabilities may mature or reprice at different times; 

 •

 Short-term and long-term market interest rates may change by different amounts; or 

 •

 The remaining maturity of various assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change. 

In addition to the direct impact of interest rate changes on net interest income, interest rates can indirectly impact earnings through their effect on
loan demand, credit losses, mortgage origination fees, the value of servicing rights and other sources of the Bancorp’s earnings. Consistency of the Bancorp’s net interest income is largely dependent upon the effective management of
interest rate risk. 

As a result of the ongoing analysis of the Bancorp’s interest rate risk profile, management
recommended and the Bancorp’s Board of Directors approved a decision on November 20, 2006 to reduce the size of the available-for-sale securities portfolio. This action was undertaken in order to, among other reasons, improve the
composition of the Bancorp’s balance sheet with a lower concentration of fixed-rate assets and better position the Bancorp for an uncertain economic and interest rate environment. Management continues to review the Bancorp’s balance sheet
composition 

and to model the interest rate risk, and possible actions to reduce this risk, given numerous future interest rate scenarios.

Net Interest Income Simulation Model 

The Bancorp employs a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage its interest rate risk, including the use of an earnings simulation model to analyze net interest income sensitivity to changing interest
rates. The model is based on actual cash flows and repricing characteristics for all of the Bancorp’s financial instruments and incorporates market-based assumptions regarding the effect of changing interest rates on the prepayment rates of
certain assets and liabilities. The model also includes senior management projections of the future volume and pricing of each of the product lines offered by the Bancorp as well as other pertinent assumptions on the balance sheet. Actual results
will differ from these simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies. 

The Bancorp’s Executive Asset Liability Committee (“ALCO”), which includes senior management representatives and is accountable to the Risk and Compliance Committee of the

 Board of Directors,
monitors and manages interest rate risk within Board approved policy limits. In addition to the risk management activities of ALCO, the Bancorp has a Market Risk Management function as part of the Enterprise Risk Management division that provides
independent oversight of market risk activities. The Bancorp’s current interest rate risk policy limits are determined by measuring the anticipated change in net interest income over 12-month and 24-month horizons assuming a 200 bp parallel
ramped increase or decrease in market interest rates. In accordance with the current policy, the rate movements are assumed to occur over one year and are sustained thereafter. The following table shows the Bancorp’s estimated earnings
sensitivity profile and the ALCO policy limits on the asset and liability positions as of December 31, 2006: 

TABLE 32: ESTIMATED
EARNINGS SENSITIVITY PROFILE 

Change in Net InterestIncome (FTE)

ALCO Policy Limits

 Change in

Interest

Rates (bp)

12Months

 13 to 24

Months

12Months

 13 to 24

Months

 +200

(.29)%

.45

(5.00)

(7.00)

 +100

.01

.20

-

-

 -100

.07

(.43)

-

-

 -200

.41

(2.27)

(5.00)

(7.00)

Economic Value of Equity 

The Bancorp also employs economic value of equity (“EVE”) as a measurement tool in managing interest rate sensitivity. Whereas net interest income simulation highlights exposures over a
relatively short time horizon, the EVE analysis incorporates all cash flows over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet and derivative positions. The EVE of the balance sheet, at a point in time, is defined as the discounted present value
of asset and derivative cash flows less the discounted value of liability cash flows. The sensitivity of EVE to changes in the level of interest rates is a measure of longer-term interest rate risk. In contrast to the net interest income simulation,
which assumes interest rates will change over a period of time, EVE uses instantaneous changes in rates. EVE values only the current balance sheet and does not incorporate the growth assumptions that are used in the net interest income simulation
model. As with the net interest income simulation model, assumptions about the timing and variability of balance sheet cash flows are critical in the EVE analysis. Particularly important are the assumptions driving prepayments and the expected
changes in balances and pricing of the transaction deposit portfolios. The following table shows the Bancorp’s EVE sensitivity profile as of December 31, 2006: 

TABLE 33: ESTIMATED EVE SENSITIVITY PROFILE 

Change in EVE

 Change in

Interest Rates (bp)

2006

ALCO Policy Limits

 +200

(3.98)%

(20.0)

 -200

2.52

(20.0)

Fifth Third Bancorp    43 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

At December 31, 2006, the Bancorp has reduced its sensitivity, relative to December 31, 2005, to the impact of an instantaneous rate movement as a
result of the balance sheet actions taken during the fourth quarter of 2006. While an instantaneous shift in interest rates is used in this analysis to provide an estimate of exposure, the Bancorp believes that a gradual shift in interest rates
would have a much more modest impact. Since EVE measures the discounted present value of cash flows over the estimated lives of instruments, the change in EVE does not directly correlate to the degree that earnings would be impacted over a shorter
time horizon (i.e., the current fiscal year). Further, EVE does not take into account factors such as future balance sheet growth, changes in product mix, changes in yield curve relationships and changing product spreads that could mitigate the
adverse impact of changes in interest rates. The net interest income simulation and EVE analyses do not necessarily include certain actions that management may undertake to manage this risk in response to anticipated changes in interest rates.

Use of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate Risk 

An integral component of the Bancorp’s interest rate risk management strategy is its use of derivative instruments to minimize significant unplanned fluctuations in earnings and cash flows caused by changes in
market interest rates. Examples of derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, forward contracts, principal-only swaps,
options and swaptions. 

As part of its overall risk management strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity, the
Bancorp enters into forward contracts accounted for as free-standing derivatives to economically hedge interest rate lock commitments that are also considered free-standing derivatives. 

The Bancorp also establishes derivative contracts with reputable third parties to economically hedge significant exposures assumed in
commercial customer accommodation derivative contracts. Generally, these contracts have similar terms in order to protect the Bancorp from market volatility. Credit risks arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their
contracts, which the Bancorp minimizes through approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. The notional amount and fair values of these derivatives as of December 31, 2006 are included in Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Portfolio Loans and Leases and Interest Rate Risk 

Although the Bancorp’s portfolio loans and leases contain both fixed and floating/adjustable rate products, the rates of interest 

earned by the Bancorp on the outstanding balances are generally established for a period of time. The interest rate sensitivity of loans and leases is
directly related to the length of time the rate earned is established. Table 34 shows a summary of the expected principal cash flows of the Bancorp’s portfolio loans and leases as of December 31, 2006. Additionally, Table 35 shows a
summary of expected principal cash flows occurring after one year as of December 31, 2006. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights and
Interest Rate Risk 

The net carrying amount of the MSR portfolio was $519 million as of December 31, 2006 compared to $433
million as of December 31, 2005. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity, including consultation with an independent third-party specialist, in order to manage a portion of the risk
associated with changes in value of its MSR portfolio as a result of changing interest rates. The value of servicing rights can fluctuate sharply depending on changes in interest rates and other factors. Generally, as interest rates decline and
loans are prepaid to take advantage of refinancing, the total value of existing servicing rights declines because no further servicing fees are collected on repaid loans. 

The increase in interest rates and the resulting impact of changing prepayment speeds led to recoveries of $19 million and $33 million of temporary impairment in 2006 and 2005, respectively.
Servicing rights are deemed temporarily impaired when a borrower’s loan rate is distinctly higher than prevailing market rates. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on servicing rights. 

Foreign Currency Risk 

The
Bancorp enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge certain foreign denominated loans. The derivatives are classified as free-standing instruments with the revaluation gain or loss being recorded within other noninterest
income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The balance of the Bancorp’s foreign denominated loans at December 31, 2006 was approximately $196 million compared to approximately $130 million at December 31, 2005. The Bancorp also
enters into foreign exchange contracts for the benefit of commercial customers involved in international trade to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The Bancorp has several internal controls in place to ensure excessive risk is
not being taken in providing this service to customers. These include an independent determination of currency volatility and credit equivalent exposure on these contracts, counterparty credit approvals and country limits. 

TABLE 34: PORTFOLIO LOAN AND LEASE PRINCIPAL CASH FLOWS 

 As of December 31, 2006 ($ in millions)

Less than 1 year

1-5 years

Greater than 5years

Total

 Commercial loans

$11,953

7,539

1,233

20,725

 Commercial mortgage loans

3,841

5,048

1,516

10,405

 Commercial construction loans

4,206

1,680

282

6,168

 Commercial lease financing

1,054

1,878

909

3,841

 Residential mortgage and construction loans

2,576

4,045

2,209

8,830

 Consumer loans

6,405

12,717

4,189

23,311

 Consumer lease financing

415

651

7

1,073

 Total

$30,450

33,558

10,345

74,353

TABLE 35: PORTFOLIO LOAN AND LEASE PRINCIPAL CASH FLOWS OCCURRING AFTER ONE YEAR 

Interest Rate

 As of December 31, 2006 ($ in millions)

Fixed

Floating or Adjustable

 Commercial loans

$2,508

6,264

 Commercial mortgage loans

2,237

4,327

 Commercial construction loans

351

1,611

 Commercial lease financing

2,787

-

 Residential mortgage and construction loans

3,293

2,961

 Consumer loans

7,894

9,012

 Consumer lease financing

658

-

 Total

$19,728

24,175

44    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 36: MATURITY DISTRIBUTION OF CERTIFICATES -
$100,000 AND OVER 

 As of December 31, 2006 ($ in millions)

 Three months or less

$

2,673

 Over three months through six months

1,544

 Over six months through one year

1,032

 Over one year

1,379

 Total

$

6,628

TABLE 37: AGENCY RATINGS 

 As of December 31, 2006

Moody’s

Standard and Poor’s

Fitch

 Fifth Third Bancorp:

 Commercial paper

Prime-1

A-1

F1+

 Senior debt

Aa3

A+

AA-

 Subordinated debt

A1

A

A+

 Fifth Third Bank and Fifth Third Bank (Michigan):

 Short-term deposit

Prime-1

A-1+

F1+

 Long-term deposit

Aa2

AA-

AA

 Senior debt

Aa2

AA-

AA-

 Subordinated debt

Aa3

A+

A+

 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT 

The goal of
liquidity management is to provide adequate funds to meet changes in loan and lease demand or unexpected deposit withdrawals. This goal is accomplished by maintaining liquid assets in the form of investment securities, maintaining sufficient unused
borrowing capacity in the national money markets and delivering consistent growth in core deposits. The estimated weighted-average life of the available-for-sale portfolio was 4.3 years at December 31, 2006, based on current prepayment
expectations. Of the $11.1 billion (fair value basis) of securities in the available-for-sale portfolio at December 31, 2006, $3.0 billion in principal and interest is expected to be received in the next 12 months, and an additional $1.6
billion is expected to be received in the next 13 to 24 months. In addition to the sale of securities in the available-for-sale portfolio, asset-driven liquidity is provided by the Bancorp’s ability to sell or securitize loan and lease assets.
In order to reduce the exposure to interest rate fluctuations and to manage liquidity, the Bancorp has developed securitization and sale procedures for several types of interest-sensitive assets. A majority of the long-term, fixed-rate single-family
residential mortgage loans underwritten according to FHLMC or Federal National Mortgage Association (“FNMA”) guidelines are sold for cash upon origination. Additional assets such as jumbo fixed-rate residential mortgages, certain
floating-rate short-term commercial loans, certain floating-rate home equity loans, certain auto loans and other consumer loans are also capable of being securitized, sold or transferred off-balance sheet. For the years ended December 31, 2006
and 2005, a total of $9.2 billion and $9.5 billion, respectively, were sold, securitized or transferred off-balance sheet. 

Additionally, the Bancorp has a shelf registration in place with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) 

permitting ready access to the public debt markets and qualifies as a “well-known seasoned issuer” under SEC rules. As of December 31, 2006, $750 million of debt or other securities were available for issuance under this
shelf registration. The Bancorp also has $15.8 billion of funding available for issuance through private offerings of debt securities pursuant to its bank note program. These sources, in addition to the Bancorp’s 9.32% average equity capital
base, provide a stable funding base. 

Core deposits have historically provided the Bancorp with a sizeable source of
relatively stable and low-cost funds. The Bancorp’s average core deposits and shareholders’ equity funded 67% of its average total assets during 2006 compared to 64% during 2005. In addition to core deposit funding, the Bancorp also
accesses a variety of other short-term and long-term funding sources, which include the use of various regional Federal Home Loan Banks as a funding source. Certificates carrying a balance of $100,000 or more and deposits in the Bancorp’s
foreign branch located in the Cayman Islands are wholesale funding tools utilized 

 to fund asset growth. The maturity distribution for domestic certificates of deposit of $100,000 and over as of December 31, 2006 is shown in Table
36. Management does not rely on any one source of liquidity and manages availability in response to changing balance sheet needs. 

As of December 31, 2006, the Moody’s senior debt rating for the Bancorp was Aa3, a rating surpassed by only four other U.S. bank holding companies. Table 37 provides Moody’s, Standard and Poor’s and Fitch’s deposit
and debt ratings for the Bancorp, Fifth Third Bank and Fifth Third Bank (Michigan). These debt ratings, along with capital ratios above regulatory guidelines, provide the Bancorp with additional access to liquidity. 

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 

The Bancorp
maintains a relatively high level of capital as a margin of safety for its depositors and shareholders. At December 31, 2006, shareholders’ equity was $10.0 billion compared to $9.4 billion at December 31, 2005, an increase of six
percent. The Bancorp is reviewing its capital structure and expects the tangible equity ratio to be approximately 7.0% at the end of 2007. The Bancorp issued $750 million of Tier II-qualifying subordinated debt during 2006. The issuance added
approximately 73 bp to the total risk-based capital ratio. The Bancorp expects this ratio to remain at approximately 11.0% in 2007. See Note 26 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding regulatory capital
ratios. 

Dividend Policy 

The Bancorp’s common stock dividend policy reflects its earnings outlook, desired payout ratios, the need to maintain adequate capital levels and alternative investment opportunities. In 2006, the Bancorp’s annual dividend
increased to $1.58 from $1.46 in 2005. 

Stock Repurchase Program 

On January 10, 2005, the Bancorp repurchased 35.5 million shares of its common stock, approximately six percent of total outstanding shares, for $1.6 billion in an overnight share
repurchase transaction, where the counterparty in the transaction purchased shares in the open market over a period of time. This program was completed by the counterparty during the third quarter of 2005 and the Bancorp received a price adjustment
of $97 million in cash. The price adjustment represented the difference between the original per share purchase price of $45.95 and the volume weighted-average price of $43.55 for actual shares acquired by the counterparty during the purchase
period, plus interest. 

This share transaction was considered two separate transactions, (i) the acquisition of
treasury shares on the acquisition date and (ii) a forward contract indexed to the Bancorp’s stock. The treasury shares were accounted for at cost 

Fifth Third Bancorp    45 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 38: CAPITAL RATIOS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

2003

2002

 Average equity as a percent of average assets

9.32

%

9.06

9.34

10.01

11.08

 Tangible equity as a percent of tangible assets

7.79

6.87

8.35

8.56

9.54

 Tier I capital

$8,625

8,209

8,522

8,168

7,656

 Total risk-based capital

11,385

10,240

10,176

9,992

8,844

 Risk-weighted assets

102,823

98,293

82,633

74,477

65,444

 Regulatory capital ratios:

 Tier I capital

8.39

%

8.35

10.31

10.97

11.70

 Total risk-based capital

11.07

10.42

12.31

13.42

13.51

 Tier I leverage

8.44

8.08

8.89

9.11

9.73

TABLE 39: SHARE REPURCHASES 

 For the years ended December 31

2006

2005

2004

 Shares authorized for repurchase at January 1

17,846,953

35,685,112

14,137,512

 Additional authorizations

-

20,000,000

40,000,000

 Shares repurchases (a)

(2,039,908)

(37,838,159)

(18,452,400)

 Shares authorized for repurchase at December 31

15,807,045

17,846,953

35,685,112

 Average price paid per share

$39.72

$43.19

53.48

 (a)

 Excludes 357,612, 134,435 and 40,850 shares repurchased during 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively, in connection with various employee compensation plans.
These repurchases are not included against the maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased under the Board of Directors’ authorization. 

 as a contra equity transaction. The forward contract indexed to the Bancorp’s stock qualified for equity classification. Additionally, for diluted earnings per share purposes the Bancorp
assumed the transaction would be net settled in shares as the Bancorp had the choice of settling in cash or shares and the Bancorp did not have a stated policy or the ability to demonstrate a past practice of cash settlement. These incremental
shares were subsequently excluded from quarterly earnings per share calculations, as the effect of inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

On January 18, 2005, the Bancorp announced that its Board of Directors had authorized management to purchase 20 million shares of the Bancorp’s common stock through the open market or in any private
transaction. The timing of the purchases and the exact number of shares to be purchased depends upon market conditions. The authorization does not include specific price targets or an expiration date. At December 31, 2006, the Bancorp had
15.8 million shares remaining under this authorization. 

The Bancorp’s stock repurchase program is an important
element of its capital planning activities and the Bancorp views share repurchases as an effective means of delivering value to shareholders. The Bancorp’s repurchase of equity securities is shown in Table 39. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Bancorp consolidates all of its majority-owned subsidiaries. Other entities, including certain joint ventures, in which there is greater than 20% ownership, but upon which the Bancorp does not possess, nor can exert, significant
influence or control, are accounted for by equity method accounting and not consolidated. Those entities in which there is less than 20% ownership are generally carried at the lower of cost or fair value. 

The Bancorp has no material contracts for which a lack of marketplace quotations requires the estimation of fair value. The Bancorp’s
derivative product policy and investment policies provide a framework within which the Bancorp and its affiliates may use certain authorized financial derivatives as a market risk management tool in meeting the Bancorp’s ALCO capital planning
directives and to hedge changes in fair value of its largely fixed-rate mortgage servicing rights portfolio. The Bancorp also provides qualifying commercial customers access to the derivative market, including foreign exchange, interest rate and
commodity contracts. The Bancorp may economically hedge significant exposures related to these derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of customers by entering into offsetting contracts with approved, reputable, independent counterparties
with matching terms that are generally settled daily. These policies are reviewed and approved annually by the Risk and Compliance Committee of 

the Board of Directors. 

Through
December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp had transferred, subject to credit recourse, certain primarily floating-rate, short-term investment grade commercial loans to an unconsolidated qualified special purpose entity (“QSPE”) that is
wholly owned by an independent third-party. Generally, the loans transferred provide a lower yield due to their investment grade nature, and therefore transferring these loans to the QSPE allows the Bancorp to reduce its exposure to these lower
yielding loan assets while maintaining the customer relationships. The outstanding balance of such loans at December 31, 2006 and 2005 was approximately $3.4 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively. These loans may be transferred back to the
Bancorp upon the occurrence of certain specified events. These events include borrower default on the loans transferred, bankruptcy preferences initiated against underlying borrowers and ineligible loans transferred by the Bancorp to the QSPE. The
maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is approximately equivalent to the total outstanding balance of $3.4 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2006 and 2005. In addition,
the Bancorp’s agreement to provide liquidity support to the QSPE was $3.8 billion as of year end 2006 compared to $3.4 billion as of year end 2005. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp’s loss reserve related to the liquidity
support and credit enhancement provided to the QSPE was $16 million and $10 million, respectively. 

The Bancorp had the
following cash flows with these unconsolidated QSPEs during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005: 

TABLE 40: CASH FLOWS WITH
UNCONSOLIDATED QSPEs 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Proceeds from transfers, including new securitizations

$

1,618

1,680

 Proceeds from collections reinvested in revolving-period securitizations

97

132

 Fees received

35

32

The Bancorp utilizes securitization trusts formed by independent third parties to
facilitate the securitization process of residential mortgage loans, certain floating-rate home equity lines of credit, certain auto loans and other consumer loans. The cash flows to and from the securitization trusts are principally limited to the
initial proceeds from the securitization trust at the time of sale with subsequent cash flows relating to retained interests. The Bancorp’s securitization policy permits the retention of subordinated tranches, servicing rights, interest-only
strips, residual interests, credit recourse and, in some cases, a cash reserve account. At December 31, 2006, the Bancorp had retained servicing assets totaling $524 million, subordinated 

46    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

tranche security interests totaling $15 million and residual interests totaling $21 million. At December 31, 2005, the Bancorp had retained servicing
assets totaling $441 million, subordinated tranche security interests totaling $30 million and residual interests totaling $35 million. 

At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp had provided credit recourse on approximately $1.3 billion of residential mortgage loans sold to unrelated third parties. In the event of any customer default, pursuant
to the credit recourse provided, the Bancorp is required to reimburse the third party. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the total outstanding balance. In the event of
nonperformance, the Bancorp has rights 

to the underlying collateral value attached to the loan. The Bancorp maintained an estimated credit loss reserve of approximately $18 million and $21 million
relating to these residential mortgage loans sold at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach that is consistent with its overall approach in estimating credit losses for
various categories of residential mortgage loans held in its loan portfolio. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments

The Bancorp has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts. At December 31, 2006, the
aggregate contractual obligations and commitments were: 

TABLE 41: CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

 As of December 31, 2006 ($ in millions)

 Less than

1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

 Greater than

5 years

Total

 Contractually obligated payments due by period:

 Total deposits (a)

$

66,423

1,225

26

1,706

69,380

 Long-term debt (b)

2,029

3,890

794

5,845

12,558

 Short-term borrowings (c)

4,217

-

-

-

4,217

 Noncancelable leases (d)

72

134

112

377

695

 Capital expenditures (e)

126

-

-

-

126

 Partnership investment commitments (f)

260

-

-

-

260

 Purchase obligations (g)

15

9

-

-

24

 Total contractually obligated payments due by
period

$

73,142

5,258

932

7,928

87,260

 Other commitments by expiration period:

 Letters of credit (h)

$

2,877

3,024

1,773

489

8,163

 Commitments to extend credit (h)

23,962

18,123

-

-

42,085

 Total other commitments by expiration
period

$

26,839

21,147

1,773

489

50,248

 (a)

 Includes demand, interest checking, savings, money market, other time, certificates $100,000 and over and foreign office deposits. For additional information,
see the Deposits discussion in the Balance Sheet Analysis section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis. 

 (b)

 In the banking industry, interest-bearing obligations are principally used to fund interest-earning assets. As such, interest charges on contractual
obligations were excluded from reported amounts, as the potential cash outflows would have corresponding cash inflows from interest-earning assets. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these
debt instruments. 

 (c)

 Includes federal funds purchased, bank notes, securities sold under repurchase agreements and borrowings with an original maturity of less than one year. For
additional information, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (d)

 See Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these noncancelable leases. 

 (e)

 Includes commitments to various general contractors for work related to banking center construction. 

 (f)

 Includes low-income housing, historic tax and venture capital partnership investments. 

 (g)

 Represents agreements to purchase goods or services. 

 (h)

 See Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these commitments. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    47 

MANAGEMENT’S ASSESSMENT AS TO THE EFFECTIVENESS OF INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

The Management of Fifth Third Bancorp is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal
control over financial reporting of Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries (the “Bancorp”) includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions of the Bancorp; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the Bancorp are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Bancorp; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of the Bancorp’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

All internal
control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention of overriding controls. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 

The Bancorp’s Management assessed the effectiveness of the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2006 as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. Management’s assessment is based on the criteria established in the Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and was designed to provide reasonable assurance that the Bancorp maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006. Based on this assessment, Management
believes that the Bancorp maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006. 

The
Bancorp’s independent registered public accounting firm, that audited the Bancorp’s consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2006 and Bancorp Management’s assessment of the internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on the following page. 

 George A. Schaefer, Jr.

 Christopher G. Marshall

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 February 15, 2007

 February 15, 2007

48    Fifth Third Bancorp 

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp: 

We have audited
management’s assessment, included in the accompanying Management’s Assessment as to the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries (the “Bancorp”) maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The
Bancorp’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
management’s assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, evaluating management’s assessment, testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, management’s assessment that the Bancorp maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Also in our
opinion, the Bancorp maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on the criteria established in 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2006 of the Bancorp and our report dated February 15, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on
those financial statements. 

Cincinnati, Ohio 

February 15, 2007 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp: 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries (the “Bancorp”) as of
December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2006. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Bancorp’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Fifth Third
Bancorp and subsidiaries at December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2006, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 15, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the Bancorp’s internal control over financial
reporting and an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting. 

Cincinnati, Ohio 

February 15, 2007 

Fifth Third Bancorp    49 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except per share data)

2006

2005

2004

 Interest Income

 Interest and fees on loans and leases

$

5,000

3,918

2,847

 Interest on securities:

 Taxable

904

1,032

1,217

 Exempt from income taxes

30

39

45

 Total interest on securities

934

1,071

1,262

 Interest on other short-term investments

21

6

5

 Total interest income

5,955

4,995

4,114

 Interest Expense

 Interest on deposits:

 Interest checking

398

314

174

 Savings

363

176

58

 Money market

261

140

39

 Other time

433

263

162

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

278

129

48

 Foreign office

177

126

58

 Total interest on deposits

1,910

1,148

539

 Interest on federal funds purchased

208

138

77

 Interest on short-term bank notes

-

6

15

 Interest on other short-term borrowings

194

138

78

 Interest on long-term debt

770

600

393

 Total interest expense

3,082

2,030

1,102

 Net Interest Income

2,873

2,965

3,012

 Provision for loan and lease losses

343

330

268

 Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan and Lease Losses

2,530

2,635

2,744

 Noninterest Income

 Electronic payment processing revenue

857

748

631

 Service charges on deposits

517

522

515

 Mortgage banking net revenue

155

174

178

 Investment advisory revenue

367

358

363

 Corporate banking revenue

318

299

228

 Other noninterest income

300

360

587

 Securities gains (losses), net

(364

)

39

(37

)

 Securities gains, net - non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing
rights

3

-

-

 Total noninterest income

2,153

2,500

2,465

 Noninterest Expense

 Salaries, wages and incentives

1,174

1,133

1,018

 Employee benefits

292

283

261

 Equipment expense

122

105

84

 Net occupancy expense

245

221

185

 Other noninterest expense

1,223

1,185

1,424

 Total noninterest expense

3,056

2,927

2,972

 Income Before Income Taxes and Cumulative Effect

1,627

2,208

2,237

 Applicable income taxes

443

659

712

 Income Before Cumulative Effect

1,184

1,549

1,525

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

4

-

-

 Net Income

$

1,188

1,549

1,525

 Net Income Available to Common Shareholders

(a)

$

1,188

1,548

1,524

 Earnings per share from continuing operations

$

2.13

2.79

2.72

 Earnings per share from cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net

0.01

-

-

 Earnings Per Share

$

2.14

2.79

2.72

 Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations

$

2.12

2.77

2.68

 Earnings per diluted share from cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net

0.01

-

-

 Earnings Per Diluted Share

$

2.13

2.77

2.68

 (a)

 Dividends on preferred stock are $.740 million for all years presented. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

50    Fifth Third Bancorp 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions, except share data)

2006

2005

 Assets

 Cash and due from banks

$2,737

3,078

 Available-for-sale and other securities (amortized cost: 2006-$11,236 and 2005-$22,533)

11,053

21,924

 Held-to-maturity securities (fair value: 2006-$356 and 2005-$389)

356

389

 Trading securities

187

117

 Other short-term investments

809

158

 Loans held for sale

1,150

1,304

 Portfolio loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

20,725

19,174

 Construction loans

6,847

7,037

 Commercial mortgage loans

10,405

9,188

 Commercial lease financing

4,984

4,852

 Residential mortgage loans

8,151

7,152

 Consumer loans

23,311

22,084

 Consumer lease financing

1,176

1,751

 Unearned income

(1,246)

(1,313)

 Total portfolio loans and leases

74,353

69,925

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

(771)

(744)

 Total portfolio loans and leases, net

73,582

69,181

 Bank premises and equipment

1,940

1,726

 Operating lease equipment

202

143

 Goodwill

2,193

2,169

 Intangible assets

166

208

 Servicing rights

524

441

 Other assets

5,770

4,387

 Total Assets

$100,669

105,225

 Liabilities

 Deposits:

 Demand

$14,331

14,609

 Interest checking

15,993

18,282

 Savings

13,181

11,276

 Money market

6,584

6,129

 Other time

10,987

9,313

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

6,628

4,343

 Foreign office

1,676

3,482

 Total deposits

69,380

67,434

 Federal funds purchased

1,421

5,323

 Other short-term borrowings

2,796

4,246

 Accrued taxes, interest and expenses

2,283

2,142

 Other liabilities

2,209

1,407

 Long-term debt

12,558

15,227

 Total Liabilities

90,647

95,779

 Shareholders’ Equity

 Common stock (a)

1,295

1,295

 Preferred stock (b)

9

9

 Capital surplus

1,812

1,827

 Retained earnings

8,317

8,007

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

(179)

(413)

 Treasury stock

(1,232)

(1,279)

 Total Shareholders’ Equity

10,022

9,446

 Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

$100,669

105,225

 (a)

 Stated value $2.22 per share; authorized 1,300,000,000; outstanding at 
2006 - 556,252,674 (excludes 27,174,430 treasury shares)

 and 2005
- 555,623,430 (excludes 27,803,674 treasury shares). 

 (b)

 490,750 shares of undesignated no par value preferred stock are authorized of which none had been issued; 7,250 shares of 8.0% cumulative Series D convertible
(at $23.5399 per share) perpetual preferred stock with a stated value of $1,000 per share were authorized, issued and outstanding; 2,000 shares of 8.0% cumulative Series E perpetual preferred stock with a stated value of $1,000 per share were
authorized, issued and outstanding. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fifth Third Bancorp    51 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

 ($ in millions, except per share data)

CommonStock

PreferredStock

CapitalSurplus

RetainedEarnings

AccumulatedOther
Comprehensive
Income

TreasuryStock

Total

 Balance at December 31, 2003

$1,295

9

1,964

6,481

(120)

(962)

8,667

 Net income

1,525

1,525

 Other comprehensive income

(49)

(49)

 Comprehensive income

1,476

 Cash dividends declared:

 Common stock at $1.31 per share

(735)

(735)

 Preferred stock

(1)

(1)

 Shares acquired for treasury

(987)

(987)

 Stock-based compensation expense

87

87

 Restricted stock grants

(33)

33

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

(133)

222

89

 Change in corporate tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

11

11

 Shares issued in business combinations

36

281

317

 Other

2

(1)

(1)

-

 Balance at December 31, 2004

1,295

9

1,934

7,269

(169)

(1,414)

8,924

 Net income

1,549

1,549

 Other comprehensive income

(244)

(244)

 Comprehensive income

1,305

 Cash dividends declared:

 Common stock at $1.46 per share

(810)

(810)

 Preferred stock

(1)

(1)

 Shares acquired for treasury

97

(1,746)

(1,649)

 Stock-based compensation expense

65

65

 Restricted stock grants

(43)

43

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

(121)

206

85

 Loans repaid related to the exercise of stock-based awards, net

11

11

 Change in corporate tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

6

6

 Shares issued in business combinations

11

85

1,413

1,509

 Retirement of shares

(11)

(208)

219

-

 Other

1

1

 Balance at December 31, 2005

1,295

9

1,827

8,007

(413)

(1,279)

9,446

 Net income

1,188

1,188

 Other comprehensive income

288

288

 Comprehensive income

1,368

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting for pension and other postretirement obligations

(54)

(54)

 Cash dividends declared:

 Common stock at $1.58 per share

(880)

(880)

 Preferred stock

(1)

(1)

 Shares acquired for treasury

(82)

(82)

 Stock-based compensation expense

76

1

77

 Impact of cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

(6)

(6)

 Restricted stock grants

(45)

45

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

(49)

84

35

 Loans repaid related to the exercise of stock-based awards, net

8

8

 Change in corporate tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

(1)

(1)

 Other

2

2

4

 Balance at December 31, 2006

$1,295

9

1,812

8,317

(179)

(1,232)

10,022

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

52    Fifth Third Bancorp 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Operating Activities

 Net Income

$1,188

1,549

1,525

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

 Provision for loan and lease losses

343

330

268

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

(4)

-

-

 Depreciation, amortization and accretion

399

405

459

 Stock-based compensation expense

77

65

87

 Benefit for deferred income taxes

(21)

(16)

(13)

 Realized securities gains

(44)

(46)

(58)

 Realized securities gains - non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing rights

(3)

-

-

 Realized securities losses

408

7

95

 Proceeds from sales/transfers of residential mortgage and other loans held for sale

9,352

9,697

6,824

 Net gains on sales of loans

(131)

(162)

(112)

 Increase in residential mortgage and other loans held for sale

(7,172)

(7,084)

(4,788)

 (Increase) decrease in trading securities

(70)

(40)

259

 Net gain on divestitures

-

-

(91)

 Increase in other assets

(1,440)

(922)

(861)

 (Decrease) increase in accrued taxes, interest and expenses

(31)

42

(35)

 Increase (decrease) in other liabilities

642

355

(73)

 Net Cash Provided by Operating
Activities

3,493

4,180

3,486

 Investing Activities

 Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities

12,568

5,912

11,331

 Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of available-for-sale securities

3,033

5,271

6,234

 Purchases of available-for-sale securities

(4,676)

(7,785)

(13,425)

 Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of held-to-maturity securities

38

48

42

 Purchases of held-to-maturity securities

(5)

(181)

(148)

 (Increase) decrease in other short-term investments

(651)

402

(264)

 Increase in loans and leases

(6,644)

(9,896)

(7,749)

 (Increase) decrease in operating lease equipment

(77)

124

357

 Purchases of bank premises and equipment

(443)

(437)

(391)

 Proceeds from disposal of bank premises and equipment

60

56

23

 Cash received on divestitures

-

-

233

 Net cash (paid) acquired in business combination

(5)

242

29

 Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Investing
Activities

3,198

(6,244)

(3,728)

 Financing Activities

 Increase in core deposits

1,467

3,874

3,327

 Increase (decrease) in certificates - $100,000 and over, including foreign office

479

1,491

(2,962)

 (Decrease) increase in federal funds purchased

(3,902)

130

(2,238)

 (Decrease) increase in short-term bank notes

-

(775)

275

 Decrease in other short-term borrowings

(1,462)

(687)

(1,210)

 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

3,731

4,665

11,128

 Repayment of long-term debt

(6,441)

(3,782)

(6,283)

 Payment of cash dividends

(867)

(794)

(704)

 Exercise of stock-based awards, net

43

96

89

 Purchases of treasury stock

(82)

(1,649)

(987)

 Other

2

12

9

 Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Financing Activities

(7,032)

2,581

444

 (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Due from Banks

(341)

517

202

 Cash and Due from Banks at Beginning of Year

3,078

2,561

2,359

 Cash and Due from Banks at End of
Year

$2,737

3,078

2,561

 Cash Payments

 Interest

$3,051

1,952

1,096

 Income taxes

489

676

708

 Supplemental Cash Flow Information

 Transfer from portfolio loans to loans held for sale, net

1,901

3,399

605

 Business Acquisitions:

 Fair value of tangible assets acquired (noncash)

6

5,149

921

 Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets acquired

17

1,297

282

 Liabilities assumed and note issued

(18)

(5,179)

(916)

 Stock options

-

(63)

(36)

 Common stock issued

-

(1,446)

(281)

 Securitizations:

 Capitalized servicing rights

-

-

9

 Residual interest

-

-

21

 Available-for-sale securities retained

-

-

21

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fifth Third Bancorp    53 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES 

 Nature of Operations

Fifth Third Bancorp (“Bancorp”), an Ohio corporation, conducts its principal lending, deposit gathering, transaction
processing and service advisory activities through its banking and non-banking subsidiaries from banking centers located throughout Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Missouri.

Basis of Presentation 

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Bancorp and its majority-owned subsidiaries. Other entities, including certain joint ventures, in which there is greater than 20% ownership, but upon which the Bancorp does
not possess, nor can it exert, significant influence or control, are accounted for by the equity method and not consolidated; those in which there is less than 20% ownership are generally carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated. Certain prior period data has been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. Such reclassifications have no effect on previously reported consolidated financial positions or results of
operation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Securities

Securities are classified as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale or trading on the date of purchase. Only those securities
classified as held-to-maturity, and which management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity, are reported at amortized cost. Securities are classified as available-for-sale when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response
to, or in anticipation of, changes in market conditions. The Bancorp’s management has evaluated the securities in an unrealized loss position in the available-for-sale portfolio and maintains the intent and ability to hold these securities to
the earlier of the recovery of the losses or maturity. Available-for-sale and trading securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of related deferred income taxes, included in accumulated other comprehensive income
and other noninterest income, respectively. The fair value of a security is determined based on quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on quoted prices of similar instruments. Realized
securities gains or losses are reported within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities are reviewed
quarterly for possible other-than-temporary impairment. The review includes an analysis of the facts and circumstances of each individual investment such as the severity of loss, the length of time the fair value has been below cost, the expectation
for that security’s performance, the creditworthiness of the issuer and management’s intent and ability to hold the security to recovery. A decline in value that is considered to be other-than-temporary is recorded as a loss within
noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Loans and Leases 

Interest income on loans and leases is based on the principal balance outstanding computed using the effective interest method. The accrual of interest
income for commercial loans is discontinued when there is a clear indication that the borrower’s cash flow may not be sufficient to meet payments as they become due. Such loans are also placed on nonaccrual 

status when the principal or interest is past due ninety days or more, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. Consumer loans and
revolving lines of credit for equity lines that have principal and interest payments that have become past due one hundred and twenty days and residential mortgage loans and credit cards that have principal and interest payments that have become
past due one hundred and eighty days are charged off to the allowance for loan and lease losses. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, all previously accrued and unpaid interest is charged against income and the loan is accounted for on the
cost recovery method thereafter, until qualifying for return to accrual status. Generally, a loan is returned to accrual status when all delinquent interest and principal payments become current in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement or
when the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. 

Loan and lease origination and commitment fees and
direct loan and lease origination costs are deferred and the net amount amortized over the estimated life of the related loans, leases or commitments as a yield adjustment. 

Direct financing leases are carried at the aggregate of lease payments plus estimated residual value of the leased property, less unearned income. Interest income on direct financing leases is
recognized over the term of the lease to achieve a constant periodic rate of return on the outstanding investment. Interest income on leveraged leases is recognized over the term of the lease to achieve a constant rate of return on the outstanding
investment in the lease, net of the related deferred income tax liability, in the years in which the net investment is positive. 

Conforming residential mortgage loans are typically classified as held for sale upon origination based upon management’s intent to sell all the production of these loans. Residential mortgage loans held for sale are valued at the lower
of aggregate cost or fair value. Additionally, the carrying value of loans held for sale designated as the hedged item in a fair value hedge transaction are adjusted for changes in their fair value over the term of the hedging relationship. Fair
value is based on the contract price at which the mortgage loans will be sold. The Bancorp generally has commitments to sell residential mortgage loans held for sale in the secondary market. Gains or losses on sales are recognized in mortgage
banking net revenue upon delivery. 

Impaired loans and leases are measured based on the present value of expected future
cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or the fair value of the underlying collateral. The Bancorp evaluates the collectibility of both principal and interest when assessing the need for a loss accrual. 

Other Real Estate Owned 

Other
real estate owned (“OREO”), which is included in other assets, represents property acquired through foreclosure or other proceedings. OREO is carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less costs to sell. All property is periodically
evaluated and reductions in carrying value are recognized in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

The Bancorp maintains an allowance to absorb probable loan and lease losses
inherent in the portfolio. The allowance is maintained at a level the Bancorp considers to be adequate and is based on ongoing quarterly assessments and evaluations of the collectibility and historical loss experience of loans and leases. Credit
losses are charged and recoveries are credited to the allowance. Provisions for loan and lease losses are based on the Bancorp’s review of the historical credit loss experience and such factors that, in management’s judgment, deserve
consideration under existing economic conditions in estimating probable credit losses. In determining the appropriate level of the allowance, the Bancorp estimates losses using a range derived from “base” and “conservative”
estimates. 

54    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses are subject to individual review. Where appropriate, allowances are allocated to
individual loans based on management’s estimate of the borrower’s ability to repay the loan given the availability of collateral, other sources of cash flow and legal options available to the Bancorp. The review of individual loans
includes those loans that are impaired as provided in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 114, “Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan.” Any allowances for impaired loans are measured based on
the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or fair value of the underlying collateral. The Bancorp evaluates the collectibility of both principal and interest when assessing the need for a
loss accrual. Historical loss rates are applied to other commercial loans not subject to specific allowance allocations. The loss rates are derived from a migration analysis, which computes the net charge-off experience sustained on loans according
to their internal risk grade. The risk grading system utilized for allowance analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. The Bancorp also maintains a dual risk rating system that provides for thirteen probability of default grade categories and an
additional six grade categories measuring loss factors given an event of default. The probability of default and loss given default analyses are not separated in the ten grade risk rating system. The Bancorp is in the process of completing
significant validation and testing of the dual risk rating system prior to implementation for allowance analysis purposes. The dual risk rating system is consistent with Basel II expectations and allows for more precision in the analysis of
commercial credit risk. 

Homogenous loans and leases, such as consumer installment, residential mortgage and automobile
leases are not individually risk graded. Rather, standard credit scoring systems and delinquency monitoring are used to assess credit risks. Allowances are established for each pool of loans based on the expected net charge-offs for one year. Loss
rates are based on the average net charge-off history by loan category. 

Historical loss rates for commercial and consumer
loans may be adjusted for significant factors that, in management’s judgment, reflect the impact of any current conditions on loss recognition. Factors that management considers in the analysis include the effects of the national and local
economies, trends in the nature and volume of loans (delinquencies, charge-offs and nonaccrual loans), changes in mix, credit score migration comparisons, asset quality trends, risk management and loan administration, changes in the internal lending
policies and credit standards, collection practices and examination results from bank regulatory agencies and the Bancorp’s internal credit examiners. 

The Bancorp’s current methodology for determining the allowance for loan and lease losses is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on impaired commercial credits and other
qualitative adjustments. Allowances on individual loans and historical loss rates are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as necessary based on changing borrower and/or collateral conditions and actual collection and charge-off experience. An
unallocated allowance is maintained to recognize the imprecision in estimating and measuring loss when evaluating allowances for individual loans or pools of loans. 

Loans acquired by the Bancorp through a purchase business combination are evaluated for possible credit impairment. Reduction to the carrying value of the acquired loans as a result of credit
impairment is recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. The Bancorp does not carry over the acquired company’s allowance for loan and lease losses nor does the Bancorp add to its existing allowance for the acquired loans as part of purchase
accounting. 

The Bancorp’s primary market areas for lending are Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida,
Tennessee, West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Missouri. When evaluating the adequacy of allowances, consideration is given to this 

regional geographic concentration and the closely associated effect changing economic conditions have on the Bancorp’s customers. 

In the current year, the Bancorp has not substantively changed any aspect to its overall approach in the determination of allowance for
loan and lease losses. There have been no material changes in assumptions or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period allowance for loan and lease losses. 

Reserve for Unfunded Commitments 

The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb estimated probable losses related to unfunded credit facilities and is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, including an assessment of historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk grading and credit grade migration. Net
adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in other noninterest expense. 

Loan Sales and Securitizations

When the Bancorp sells loans through either securitizations or individual loan sales in accordance with its investment policies, it
may retain one or more subordinated tranches, servicing rights, interest-only strips, credit recourse, other residual interests and in some cases, a cash reserve account, all of which are considered retained interests in the securitized or sold
loans. Gain or loss on sale or securitization of the loans depends in part on the previous carrying amount of the financial assets sold or securitized, allocated between the assets sold and the retained interests based on their relative fair value
at the date of sale or securitization. To obtain fair values, quoted market prices are used, if available. If quotes are not available for retained interests, the Bancorp calculates fair value based on the present value of future expected cash flows
using both management’s best estimates and third-party data sources for the key assumptions, including credit losses, prepayment speeds, forward yield curves and discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. Gain or loss on sale or
securitization of loans is reported as a component of noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Retained interests from securitized or sold loans, excluding servicing rights, are carried at fair value. Adjustments to fair value
for retained interests classified as available-for-sale securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income if the fair value has declined below the carrying amount and
such decline has been determined to be other-than-temporary. Adjustments to fair value for retained interests classified as trading securities are recorded within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Servicing rights
resulting from residential mortgage, home equity line of credit and automotive loan sales are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing revenues and are reported as a component of mortgage banking net revenue and
other noninterest income, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Servicing rights are assessed for impairment monthly, based on fair value, with temporary impairment recognized through a valuation allowance and permanent impairment
recognized through a write-off of the servicing asset and related valuation allowance. Key economic assumptions used in measuring any potential impairment of the servicing rights include the prepayment speed of the underlying loans, the
weighted-average life of the loans, the discount rate and the weighted-average default rate, as applicable. The primary risk of material changes to the value of the servicing rights resides in the potential volatility in the economic assumptions
used, particularly the prepayment speeds. The Bancorp monitors this risk and adjusts its valuation allowance as necessary to adequately 

Fifth Third Bancorp    55 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

reserve for any probable impairment in the portfolio. For purposes of measuring impairment, the mortgage servicing rights are stratified based on the
financial asset type and interest rates. In addition, the Bancorp obtains an independent third-party valuation of the mortgage servicing portfolio on a quarterly basis. Fees received for servicing loans owned by investors are based on a percentage
of the outstanding monthly principal balance of such loans and are included in noninterest income as loan payments are received. Costs of servicing loans are charged to expense as incurred. 

Bank Premises and Equipment 

Bank premises and equipment, including
leasehold improvements, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method based on estimated useful lives of the assets for book purposes, while accelerated depreciation is
used for income tax purposes. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line method over the lives of the related leases or useful lives of the related assets, whichever is shorter. In accordance with SFAS No. 144,
“Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets,” the Bancorp tests its long-lived assets for impairment through both a probability-weighted and primary-asset approach whenever events or changes in circumstances dictate.
Maintenance, repairs and minor improvements are charged to noninterest expense as incurred. 

Derivative Financial Instruments

The Bancorp accounts for its derivatives under SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities,” as amended. This Statement requires recognition of all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and requires measurement of those instruments at fair value through adjustments to accumulated other
comprehensive income and/or current earnings, as appropriate. On the date the Bancorp enters into a derivative contract, the Bancorp designates the derivative instrument as either a fair value hedge, cash flow hedge or as a free-standing derivative
instrument. For a fair value hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument and changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk are recorded in current
period net income. For a cash flow hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument, to the extent that it is effective, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified to net income in the same
period(s) that the hedged transaction impacts net income. For free-standing derivative instruments, changes in fair values are reported in current period net income. 

Prior to entering into a hedge transaction, the Bancorp formally documents the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for
undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes linking all derivative instruments that are designated as fair value or cash flow hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific forecasted transactions,
along with a formal assessment at both inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis as to the effectiveness of the derivative instrument in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item. If it is determined that the derivative
instrument is not highly effective as a hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued and the adjustment to fair value of the derivative instrument is recorded in net income. 

Taxes 

The Bancorp estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the
various tax jurisdictions in which the Bancorp conducts business. On a quarterly basis, management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate based upon its current estimate of the amount and 

components of net income, tax credits and the applicable statutory tax rates expected for the full year. The estimated income tax expense is recorded in the
Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the balance sheet method
and are reported in accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and
liabilities, and recognizes enacted changes in tax rates and laws. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent they exist and are subject to a valuation allowance based on management’s judgment that realization is more-likely-than-not.

Accrued taxes represent the net estimated amount due to taxing jurisdictions and are reported in accrued taxes, interest
and expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bancorp evaluates and assesses the relative risks and appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other
information and maintains tax accruals consistent with its evaluation of these relative risks and merits. Changes to the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of
examinations being conducted by taxing authorities and changes to statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that impact the relative risks of tax positions. These changes, when they occur, can affect deferred taxes and accrued taxes as well as the
current period’s income tax expense and can be significant to the operating results of the Bancorp. As described in greater detail in Note 13, the Internal Revenue Service is currently challenging the Bancorp’s tax treatment of certain
leasing transactions. For additional information, see Note 21. 

Earnings Per Share 

In accordance with SFAS No. 128, “Earnings Per Share,” basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income available to common
shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Earnings per diluted share are computed by dividing adjusted net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of
common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common stock equivalents represent the assumed conversion of convertible preferred stock and the exercise of stock-based awards. 

Other 

Securities and other
property held by Fifth Third Investment Advisors, a division of the Bancorp’s banking subsidiaries, in a fiduciary or agency capacity are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets because such items are not assets of the subsidiaries.
Investment advisory revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income is recognized on the accrual basis. Investment advisory service revenues are recognized monthly based on a fee charged per transaction processed and/or a fee charged on the market
value of ending account balances associated with individual contracts. 

The Bancorp recognizes revenue from its electronic
payment processing services on an accrual basis as such services are performed, recording revenues net of certain costs (primarily interchange fees charged by credit card associations) not controlled by the Bancorp. 

Acquisitions of treasury stock are carried at cost. Reissuance of shares in treasury for acquisitions, exercises of stock-based awards or
other corporate purposes is recorded based on the specific identification method. 

Advertising costs are generally expensed
as incurred. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2002, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued SFAS No. 148, “Accounting for Stock-Based 

56    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Compensation-Transition and Disclosure—an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 123.” This Statement provides alternative methods of transition for
a voluntary change to the fair value method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation. Effective January 1, 2004, the Bancorp adopted the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123 using the retroactive restatement method
described in SFAS No. 148. As a result, financial information for all periods prior to 2004 has been restated to reflect the compensation expense that would have been recognized had the fair value method of accounting been applied to all awards
granted to employees after January 1, 1995. Stock-based compensation expense is included in salaries, wages and incentives expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123 (Revised 2004), “Share-Based Payment.” This Statement requires measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for
an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award with the cost to be recognized over the vesting period. This Statement was effective for financial statements as of the beginning of the first interim or annual reporting
period of the first fiscal year beginning after September 15, 2005. On January 1, 2006, the Bancorp elected to adopt this Statement using the modified retrospective application. Adoption of this Statement had three impacts on the
Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements: i) the recognition of a benefit for the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of approximately $4 million (net of $2 million of tax) during the first quarter of 2006 due to the
recognition of an estimate of forfeiture experience to be realized for all unvested stock-based awards outstanding; ii) the reclassification in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2005 and 2004 of $6
million and $9 million, respectively, of net cash provided related to the excess corporate tax benefit received on stock-based compensation, previously recorded in the operating activities section, to the financing activities section and iii) the
recognition of approximately $9 million of incremental salaries, wages and incentives expense in the second quarter of 2006 related to the issuance in April 2006 of stock-based awards to retirement-eligible employees. The adoption of this Statement
did not have an impact on basic or diluted earnings per share. For further information on stock-based compensation see Note 18. 

In December 2003, the Accounting Standards Executive Committee of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants issued Statement of Position (“SOP”) 03-3, “Accounting for Certain Loans and Debt Securities Acquired in
a Transfer.” SOP 03-3 addresses the accounting for acquired loans that show evidence of having deteriorated in terms of credit quality since their origination (i.e. impaired loans) and for which a loss is deemed probable of occurring. SOP 03-3
requires acquired loans to be recorded at their fair value, defined as the present value of future cash flows including interest income, to be recognized over the life of the loan. SOP 03-3 prohibits the carryover of an allowance for loan loss on
certain acquired loans within its scope considered in the future cash flows assessment. SOP 03-3 was effective for loans acquired in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2004 and has not had a material effect on the Bancorp’s
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In March 2004, the Emerging Issues Task Force (“EITF”) reached a consensus on
Issue 03-1, “The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain Investments.” The EITF reached a consensus on an other-than-temporary impairment model for debt and equity securities accounted for under SFAS
No. 115, “Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities,” and cost method investments. In September 2004, the FASB issued Staff Position (“FSP”) No. EITF 03-01-1, “Effective Date of Paragraphs 10-20
of EITF 03-01.” This FSP delayed the effective date of the measurement and recognition guidance contained in paragraphs 10-20 of Issue 03-01. In November 

2005, the FASB issued FSP FAS 115-1 and FAS 124-1, “The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain Investments.”
This FSP nullifies certain requirements of Issue 03-1 and supersedes EITF Abstracts, Topic No. D-44, “Recognition of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment upon the Planned Sale of a Security Whose Cost Exceeds Fair Value.” Based on the
clarification provided in FSP FAS 115-1 and FAS 124-1, the amount of any other-than-temporary impairment that needs to be recognized will continue to be dependent on market conditions, the occurrence of certain events or changes in circumstances
relative to an investee and an entity’s intent and ability to hold the impaired investment at the time of the valuation. FSP FAS 115-1 and FAS 124-1 was effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2005. Adoption of this
FSP did not have a material effect on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In May 2005, the FASB issued
SFAS No. 154, “Accounting Changes and Error Corrections—a Replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB Statement No. 3.” This Statement replaces APB Opinion No. 20, “Accounting Changes,” and FASB Statement
No. 3, “Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial Statements,” and changes the requirements for the accounting for and reporting of a change in accounting principle. This Statement requires retrospective application to prior
periods’ financial statements of changes in accounting principle, unless it is impracticable to determine either the period-specific effects or the cumulative effect of the change. This Statement applies to all voluntary changes in accounting
principle. It also applies to changes required by an accounting pronouncement in the unusual instance that the pronouncement does not include specific transition provisions. This Statement was effective for accounting changes and error corrections
made in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2005. The adoption of this Statement did not have a material effect on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In February 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 155, “Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments, an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 133 and 140.” This Statement amends FASB Statements No. 133 and No. 140 as well as resolves issues addressed in Statement No. 133 Implementation Issue No. D1, “Application of Statement No. 133 to
Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets.” Specifically, this Statement: i) permits fair value remeasurement for any hybrid financial instrument that contains an embedded derivative that otherwise would require bifurcation; ii)
clarifies which interest-only strips and principal-only strips are not subject to the requirements of Statement No. 133; iii) establishes a requirement to evaluate interests in securitized financial assets to identify interests that are
free-standing derivatives or that are hybrid financial instruments that contain an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation; iv) clarifies that concentrations of credit risk in the form of subordination are not embedded derivatives; and v) amends
Statement No. 140 to eliminate the prohibition on a qualifying SPE from holding a derivative financial instrument that pertains to a beneficial interest other than another derivative financial instrument. This Statement is effective for all
financial instruments acquired or issued after the beginning of the first fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006. The adoption of this Statement on January 1, 2007 did not have a material effect on the Bancorp’s Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

In March 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 156, “Accounting for Servicing of Financial Assets,
an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140.” This Statement amends FASB Statement No. 140 and requires that all separately recognized servicing rights be initially measured at fair value, if practicable. For each class of separately
recognized servicing assets and liabilities, this Statement permits the Bancorp to choose either to report servicing assets and liabilities at fair value or at amortized 

Fifth Third Bancorp    57 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

cost. Under the fair value approach, servicing assets and liabilities will be recorded at fair value at each reporting date with changes in fair value
recorded in earnings in the period in which the changes occur. Under the amortized cost method, servicing assets and liabilities are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing income or net servicing loss and are
assessed for impairment based on fair value at each reporting date. This Statement is effective as of the beginning of the first fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006. Upon adoption of this Statement on January 1, 2007, the
Bancorp elected to continue to report all classes of servicing assets and liabilities at amortized cost subsequent to initial recognition at fair value. 

In July 2006, the FASB issued FSP FAS 13-2, “Accounting for a Change or Projected Change in the Timing of Cash Flows Relating to Income Taxes Generated by a Leveraged Lease Transaction.” This FSP addresses
the accounting for a change or projected change in the timing of lessor cash flows, but not the total net income, relating to income taxes generated by a leveraged lease transaction. This FSP amends SFAS No. 13, “Accounting for
Leases,” and applies to all transactions classified as leveraged leases. The timing of cash flows relating to income taxes generated by a leveraged lease is an important assumption that affects the periodic income recognized by the lessor.
Under this FSP, the projected timing of income tax cash flows generated by a leveraged lease transaction is required to be reviewed annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that a change in timing has occurred or is projected
to occur. If during the lease term the expected timing of the income tax cash flows generated by a leveraged lease is revised, the rate of return and the allocation of income would be recalculated from the inception of the lease. Upon adoption, the
cumulative effect of the change in the net investment balance resulting from the recalculation will be recognized as an adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings. On an ongoing basis following the adoption, a change in the net
investment balance resulting from a recalculation will be recognized as a gain or a loss in the period in which the assumption changed and included in income from continuing operations in the same line item used when leveraged lease income is
recognized. These amounts would then be recognized back into income over the remaining terms of the affected leases. Additionally, upon adoption, only tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be reflected in the
financial statements and all recognized tax positions in a leveraged lease must be measured in accordance with FASB Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - An Interpretation of FASB Statement
No. 109,” issued in July 2006. 

During May 2005, the Bancorp filed suit in the United States District Court for
the Southern District of Ohio related to a dispute with the Internal Revenue Service concerning the timing of deductions associated with certain leveraged lease transactions in its 1997 tax return. The Internal Revenue Service has also proposed
adjustments to the tax effects of certain leveraged lease transactions in subsequent tax return years. The proposed adjustments, including penalties, relate to the Bancorp’s portfolio of lease-in lease-out transactions, service contract leases
and qualified technology equipment leases with both domestic and foreign municipalities. The Bancorp is challenging the Internal Revenue Service’s proposed treatment of all of these leasing transactions. The Bancorp’s original net
investment in these leases totaled approximately $900 million. The Bancorp continues to believe that its treatment of these leveraged leases was appropriate and in compliance with applicable tax law and regulations. While management cannot predict
with certainty the result of the suit, given the tax treatment of these transactions has been challenged by the Internal Revenue Service, the Bancorp believes a resolution could involve a projected change in the timing of these leveraged lease cash
flows. 

 This FSP is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. Upon adoption of this FSP on January 1, 2007, the Bancorp recognized an after-tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $96 million representing the
cumulative effect of applying the provisions of this FSP. 

In July 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation (“FIN”)
No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109.” This Interpretation clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in accordance with FASB Statement
No. 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes.” This Interpretation also prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a
tax return. This Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The evaluation of a tax position in accordance with this Interpretation is a
two-step process. The first step is a recognition process to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the
technical merits of the position. The second step is a measurement process whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is assessed to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements.
This Interpretation is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006 and the cumulative effect of applying the provisions of this Interpretation will be recognized as an adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings.
Adoption of this Interpretation on January 1, 2007 did not have a material effect on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements.” This Statement defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value
measurements. This Statement emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement and should be determined based on assumptions that a market participant would use when pricing an asset or liability. This Statement clarifies that market
participant assumptions should include assumptions about risk as well as the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset. Additionally, this Statement establishes a fair value hierarchy that provides the highest priority to quoted prices
in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data. This Statement is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating
the impact of adopting this Statement on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS
No. 158, “Employer’s Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans – An Amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R).” This Statement amends the current accounting for pensions and
postretirement benefits by requiring an entity to recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position and to recognize changes in that funded status
in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income. This Statement also requires recognition, as a component of other comprehensive income (net of tax), of the actuarial gains and losses and the prior service costs and credits that
arise during the period, but are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost pursuant to SFAS No. 87 and No. 106. Additionally, this Statement requires an entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of
the date of the employer’s fiscal year-end statement of financial position. The Bancorp adopted this Statement on December 31, 2006. The effect of this Statement was to recognize $59 million, after-tax, of 

58    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

net actuarial losses and prior service cost as a reduction to accumulated other comprehensive income. 

In September 2006, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) 108, “Financial Statements – Considering the
Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements.” This SAB provides guidance on the consideration of prior year misstatements in determining whether the current year’s financial
statements are materially misstated. In providing this guidance, the SEC staff references both the “iron curtain” and “rollover” approaches to quantifying a current year misstatement for purposes of determining materiality. The
iron curtain approach focuses on how the current year’s balance sheet would be affected in correcting misstatements without considering the year in which the misstatement originated. 

The rollover approach focuses on the amount of the misstatements that originated in the current year’s income statement. The SEC staff indicates that
registrants should quantify the impact of correcting all misstatements, including both the carryover and reversing effects of prior year misstatements, on the current year financial statements. This SAB is effective for fiscal years ending after
November 15, 2006. Registrants may either restate their financials for any material misstatements arising from the application of this SAB or recognize a cumulative effect of applying SAB 108 within the current year opening balance in retained
earnings. The adoption of this SAB did not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. SECURITIES 

The following table provides a breakdown of
the securities portfolio as of December 31: 

2006

2005

 ($ in millions)

AmortizedCost

UnrealizedGains

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

AmortizedCost

UnrealizedGains

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

 Available-for-sale and other:

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$1,396

-

-

1,396

506

-

(21)

485

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

100

-

(5)

95

2,034

-

(69)

1,965

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

603

11

-

614

657

19

-

676

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

7,999

10

(193)

7,816

16,127

12

(502)

15,637

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

172

1

(2)

171

2,119

3

(45)

2,077

 Other securities(a)

966

3

(8)

961

1,090

1

(7)

1,084

 Total

$11,236

25

(208)

11,053

22,533

35

(644)

21,924

 Held-to-maturity:

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

$345

-

-

345

378

-

-

378

 Other debt securities

11

-

-

11

11

-

-

11

 Total

$356

-

-

356

389

-

-

389

 (a)

 Other securities consist of FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank restricted stock holdings of $527 million and $187 million at December 31, 2006, respectively,
and $567 million and $185 million at December 31, 2005, respectively, that are carried at cost, FHLMC preferred stock holdings, certain mutual fund holdings and equity security holdings. 

 During the fourth quarter of 2006, the Bancorp evaluated its overall balance sheet composition and took certain actions with respect to its available-for-sale securities portfolio. The
Bancorp’s objective was to reduce the size of its available-for-sale securities portfolio to a size that is more consistent with its liquidity, collateral and interest rate risk management requirements, improve the asset/liability profile of
the Bancorp and better position the Bancorp for an uncertain economic and interest rate environment. On November 20, 2006, the Bancorp’s Board of Directors approved the following actions with respect to the Bancorp’s
available-for-sale securities portfolio: (i) sales of $11.3 billion in available-for-sale securities and (ii) reinvestment of 

approximately $2.8 billion in available-for-sale securities that are more efficient when used as collateral. The sale of available-for-sale securities
resulted in pretax losses of $398 million, or $255 million after-tax. 

In determining the securities to sell, the Bancorp
assessed (i) the relative value of the classes of securities in its available-for-sale portfolio; (ii) the Bancorp’s customer acceptance of using certain classes of securities as forms of collateral; and (iii) the exposure in the
portfolio to certain sectors with a changing credit risk profile. As a result of this assessment, the Bancorp sold the following available-for-sale securities in the fourth quarter of 2006: 

 ($ in millions)

 Available-for-Sale

Securities Sold

 15-year fixed-rate agency mortgage-backed securities

$4,074

 Adjustable-rate agency mortgage-backed securities

1,724

 U.S. Treasury notes

500

 Available-for-sale securities sold due to relative performance

6,298

 Agency collateralized mortgage obligations

2,135

 Whole loan collateralized mortgage obligations

1,095

 Whole loan adjustable rate mortgages

795

 Available-for-sale securities sold due to collateral inefficiency

4,025

 Agency debentures

798

 Other security classes

194

 Total

$11,315

Fifth Third Bancorp    59 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The Bancorp sold nearly all of its 15-year fixed-rate and adjustable-rate agency mortgage-backed securities and all of its U.S. Treasury
notes to reduce its interest rate spread exposure in these asset classes. The Bancorp sold nearly all of its whole loan collateralized mortgage obligations and adjustable-rate mortgages and the majority of its agency collateralized mortgage
obligations as these classes of securities are not widely accepted by the Bancorp’s customers as forms of collateral. The Bancorp sold all of its FNMA agency debentures to reduce its credit exposure as a result of recent market events.

The Bancorp purchased approximately $1.4 billion in 30-year fixed-rate agency mortgage-backed securities and $1.4 billion
of one-month and three-month U.S. Treasury bills for collateral purposes. 

During the third quarter of 2006, the Bancorp
sold $726 million of FHLMC callable debt, which represented nearly all of its position in these securities, in order to manage its liquidity and reduce its credit exposure as a result of recent market events. 

 The Bancorp believes it met its
objective to reduce the size of its available-for-sale securities portfolio to a size that is more consistent with its liquidity, collateral and interest rate risk management requirements, improve the asset/liability profile of the Bancorp and
better position the Bancorp for an uncertain economic and interest rate environment as a result of these actions. The Bancorp assesses its remaining securities relative to the same portfolio objective, its market outlook and its desired asset class
allocations. Given this assessment, the Bancorp maintains its intent and ability to hold the remaining available-for-sale securities to the earlier of the recovery of the unrealized losses or maturity. 

The amortized cost and approximate fair value of securities at December 31, 2006, by contractual maturity, are shown in the following
table. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities when there exists a right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Available-for-Sale & Other

Held-to-Maturity

 ($ in millions)

AmortizedCost

FairValue

AmortizedCost

FairValue

 Debt securities:

 Under 1 year

$1,431

1,433

2

2

 1-5 years

257

259

21

21

 5-10 years

588

589

302

302

 Over 10 years

7,994

7,811

31

31

 Other securities

966

961

-

-

 Total

$11,236

11,053

356

356

The following table provides the gross unrealized loss and fair value, aggregated by investment
category and length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of December 31, 2006 and 2005: 

Less than 12 months

12 months or more

Total

 ($ in millions)

FairValue

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

UnrealizedLosses

 2006

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$747

-

1

-

748

-

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

-

-

95

(5)

95

(5)

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

3

-

4

-

7

-

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

853

(3)

5,383

(190)

6,236

(193)

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

10

-

119

(2)

129

(2)

 Other securities

8

(2)

41

(6)

49

(8)

 Total

$1,621

(5)

5,643

(203)

7,264

(208)

 2005

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$-

-

477

(21)

477

(21)

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

654

(21)

1,252

(48)

1,906

(69)

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

7,523

(205)

7,646

(297)

15,169

(502)

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

1,800

(39)

178

(6)

1,978

(45)

 Other securities

64

(7)

-

-

64

(7)

 Total

$10,041

(272)

9,553

(372)

19,594

(644)

 At December 31, 2006, 95% of the unrealized losses in the available-for-sale securities portfolio were comprised of securities issued
by the U.S. Treasury and Government agencies, U.S. Government sponsored agencies and states and political subdivisions as well as agency mortgage-backed securities. The Bancorp believes the price movements in these securities are dependent upon
movements in market interest rates. At December 31, 2006, one percent of unrealized losses in the available-for-sale securities portfolio were represented by non-rated securities. 

 At December 31, 2006 and
2005, securities with a fair value of $7.7 billion and $16.6 billion, respectively, were pledged to secure borrowings, public deposits, trust funds and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. 

Unrealized gains and losses on trading securities held at December 31, 2006 and 2005 were not material to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

60    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3. LOANS AND LEASES AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES 

A summary of the total loans and leases as of December 31: 

2006

2005

 ($ in millions)

Gross

UnearnedIncome

Net

Gross

UnearnedIncome

Net

 Loans held for sale:

 Commercial loans

$-

-

-

125

-

125

 Commercial leases

-

-

-

3

-

3

 Residential mortgage

1,075

-

1,075

1,144

-

1,144

 Home equity

1

-

1

-

-

-

 Other consumer loans

74

-

74

32

-

32

 Total loans held for sale

$1,150

-

1,150

1,304

-

1,304

 Portfolio loans and leases (a):

 Commercial:

 Commercial loans

$20,725

-

20,725

19,174

-

19,174

 Commercial mortgage

10,405

-

10,405

9,188

-

9,188

 Commercial construction

6,168

-

6,168

6,342

-

6,342

 Commercial leases

4,984

(1,143)

3,841

4,852

(1,157)

3,695

 Total commercial

42,282

(1,143)

41,139

39,556

(1,157)

38,399

 Consumer:

 Residential mortgage

8,151

-

8,151

7,152

-

7,152

 Residential construction

679

-

679

695

-

695

 Credit card

1,110

-

1,110

866

-

866

 Home equity

12,364

-

12,364

12,000

-

12,000

 Other consumer loans

9,837

-

9,837

9,218

-

9,218

 Consumer leases

1,176

(103)

1,073

1,751

(156)

1,595

 Total consumer

33,317

(103)

33,214

31,682

(156)

31,526

 Total portfolio loans and leases

$75,599

(1,246)

74,353

71,238

(1,313)

69,925

 (a)

 At December 31, 2006 and 2005, deposit overdrafts of $43 million and $56 million, respectively, were included in portfolio loans. 

The following is a summary of the gross investment in lease financing at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Direct financing leases

$3,640

4,141

 Leveraged leases

2,520

2,462

 Total

$6,160

6,603

The components of the investment in lease financing at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Rentals receivable, net of principal and interest on nonrecourse debt

$4,479

4,580

 Estimated residual value of leased assets

1,652

1,983

 Initial direct cost, net of amortization

29

40

 Gross investment in lease financing

6,160

6,603

 Unearned income

(1,246)

(1,313)

 Net investment in lease financing

$4,914

5,290

At December 31, 2006, the minimum future lease payments receivable for each of
the years 2007 through 2011 were $1.1 billion, $.9 billion, $.8 billion, $.6 billion and $.4 billion, respectively. 

Transactions in the
allowance for loan and lease losses for the years ended December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Balance at January 1

$744

713

697

 Losses charged off

(408)

(373)

(321)

 Recoveries of losses previously charged off

92

74

69

 Net charge-offs

(316)

(299)

(252)

 Provision for loan and lease losses

343

330

268

 Balance at December 31

$771

744

713

 As of December 31, 2006, impaired loans, under SFAS No. 114, with a valuation allowance totaled $193 million and impaired loans
without a valuation allowance totaled $100 million. The total valuation allowance on the impaired loans at December 31, 2006 was $59 million. As of December 31, 2005, impaired loans with a valuation allowance totaled $147 million and
impaired loans without a valuation allowance totaled $77 million. The total valuation allowance on the impaired loans at December 31, 2005 was $54 million. 

 Average impaired loans, net of
valuation allowances, were $209 million in 2006, $169 million in 2005 and $140 million in 2004. Cash basis interest income recognized on those loans during each of the years was immaterial. 

At December 31, 2006 and 2005, total nonperforming assets were $455 million and $361 million, respectively, and total loans and
leases 90 days past due were $210 million and $155 million, respectively. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    61 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

4. BANK PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT 

A summary of bank premises
and equipment at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

Estimated Useful Life

2006

2005

 Land and improvements

$487

373

 Buildings

5 to 50 yrs.

1,218

1,125

 Equipment

3 to 20 yrs.

1,121

960

 Leasehold improvements

3 to 30 yrs.

270

204

 Construction in progress

137

195

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization

(1,293

)

(1,131

)

 Total

$1,940

1,726

 Depreciation and amortization expense related to bank premises and equipment was $187 million in 2006, $161 million in 2005 and $130
million in 2004. 

Occupancy expense for cancelable and noncancelable leases was $78 million for 2006, $68 million for 2005
and $57 million for 2004. Occupancy expense has been reduced by rental income from leased premises of $12 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

 The Bancorp’s subsidiaries
have entered into a number of noncancelable lease agreements with respect to bank premises and equipment. The minimum annual rental commitments under noncancelable lease agreements for land and buildings at December 31, 2006, exclusive of
income taxes and other charges, are $72 million in 2007, $69 million in 2008, $64 million in 2009, $59 million in 2010, $53 million in 2011 and $377 million in 2012 and subsequent years. 

5. GOODWILL 

Changes in the net carrying amount of
goodwill by reporting segment for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 were as follows: 

 ($ in millions)

 Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

 Investment

Advisors

 Processing

Solutions

Total

 Balance as of December 31, 2004

$373

254

58

103

191

979

 Acquisition activity

498

544

124

24

-

1,190

 Balance as of December 31, 2005

871

798

182

127

191

2,169

 Acquisition activity

-

(1)

-

-

14

13

 Reclassification

-

-

-

11

-

11

 Balance as of December 31, 2006

$871

797

182

138

205

2,193

 The Bancorp completed its most recent annual goodwill impairment test as of September 30, 2006 and determined that no impairment exists. In the table
above, acquisition activity includes acquisitions in the respective period plus purchase accounting adjustments related to previous acquisitions. During 2006, the Bancorp acquired a credit card processing 

company. The acquisition resulted in the recognition of $14 million of goodwill and did not have a material impact on the financial results of the Bancorp.
Additionally, during 2006, $11 million of goodwill was reclassified from other intangible assets. 

6. INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

 Intangible assets consist of core deposits, servicing rights, customer lists and non-competition agreements. Intangibles, excluding servicing rights, are
amortized on either a straight-line or an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives and have an estimated weighted-average life at December 31, 

2006 of 3.3 years. The Bancorp reviews intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts
may not be recoverable. The details of the Bancorp’s intangible assets are shown in the following table. 

 ($ in millions)

Gross CarryingAmount

AccumulatedAmortization

ValuationAllowance

Net CarryingAmount

 As of December 31, 2006:

 Mortgage servicing rights

$1,210

(664)

(27)

519

 Other consumer and commercial servicing rights

23

(18)

-

5

 Core deposits

417

(276)

-

141

 Other

43

(18)

-

25

 Total intangible assets

$1,693

(976)

(27)

690

 As of December 31, 2005:

 Mortgage servicing rights

$1,075

(596)

(46)

433

 Other consumer and commercial servicing rights

22

(14)

-

8

 Core deposits

432

(244)

-

188

 Other

29

(9)

-

20

 Total intangible assets

$1,558

(863)

(46)

649

 As of December 31, 2006, all of the Bancorp’s intangible assets were being amortized. Amortization expense recognized on
intangible assets, including servicing rights, for 2006 and 2005 was $116 million and $125 million, respectively. Estimated 

amortization expense, including servicing rights, is $105 million in 2007, $92 million in 2008, $78 million in 2009, $66 million in 2010 and $11 million in
2011. 

62    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

7. SERVICING RIGHTS 

 Changes in capitalized servicing rights for the years ended December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Balance at January 1

$

441

352

 Amount capitalized

136

135

 Amortization

(72)

(79)

 Servicing valuation recovery

19

33

 Balance at December 31

$524

441

The estimated fair value of capitalized servicing rights was $532 million and $466
million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The Bancorp serviced $28.7 billion and $25.7 billion of residential mortgage loans and $.5 billion and $.9 billion of consumer loans for other investors at December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. 

Changes in the servicing rights valuation allowance for the years ended December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Balance at January 1

$(46)

(79)

 Servicing valuation recovery

19

33

 Permanent impairment write-off

-

-

 Balance at December 31

$(27)

(46)

The volatility of longer-term interest rates during 2006 and 2005 and the resulting
impact of changing prepayment speeds led to the recovery of $19 million and $33 million, respectively, in temporary impairment on the mortgage 

servicing rights (“MSR”) portfolio. Temporary impairment or impairment recovery, effected through a change in the MSR valuation reserve, are
captured as a component of mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The Bancorp maintains a
non-qualifying hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in value of the MSR portfolio. This strategy includes the purchase of free-standing derivatives (principal-only swaps, swaptions and interest rate swaps) and
various available-for-sale securities (primarily principal-only strips). The interest income, mark-to-market adjustments and gain or loss from sale activities associated with these portfolios are expected to economically hedge a portion of the
change in value of the MSR portfolio caused by fluctuating discount rates, earnings rates and prepayment speeds. 

The
Bancorp recognized a net loss of $9 million and $23 million in 2006 and 2005, respectively, related to changes in fair value and settlement of free-standing derivatives purchased to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. See Note 8 in the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the derivatives, including the notional amount and fair value, used to hedge the MSR portfolio. A gain of $3 million was recognized in 2006 on the sale of securities used to hedge the MSR
portfolio. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, the available-for-sale securities portfolio included $176 million and $197 million, respectively, in instruments related to the non-qualified hedging strategy. 

8. DERIVATIVES 

 The Bancorp maintains an overall risk management strategy that incorporates the use of derivative instruments to reduce certain risks related to interest
rate, prepayment and foreign currency volatility. 

The Bancorp’s interest rate risk management strategy involves
modifying the repricing characteristics of certain financial instruments so that changes in interest rates do not adversely affect the net interest margin and cash flows. Derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate
risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, forward contracts, options and swaptions. Interest rate swap contracts are exchanges of interest payments, such as fixed-rate payments for floating-rate
payments, based on a common notional amount and maturity date. Interest rate floors protect against declining rates, while interest rate caps protect against rising interest rates. Forward contracts are contracts in which the buyer agrees to
purchase, and the seller agrees to make delivery of, a specific financial instrument at a predetermined price or yield. Options provide the purchaser with the right, but not the obligation, to purchase or sell a contracted item during a specified
period at an agreed upon price. Swaptions are financial instruments granting the owner the right, but not the obligation, to enter into or cancel a swap. 

Prepayment volatility arises mostly from changes in fair value of the largely fixed-rate MSR portfolio, mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities. The Bancorp may enter into various free-standing derivatives
(principal-only swaps, swaptions, floors, options and interest rate swaps) to economically hedge prepayment volatility. Principal-only swaps are total return swaps based on changes in the value of the underlying mortgage principal-only trust.

Foreign currency volatility occurs as the Bancorp enters into certain foreign denominated loans. Derivative instruments
that the Bancorp may use to economically hedge these foreign denominated loans include foreign exchange swaps and forward contracts. 

The Bancorp also enters into derivative contracts (including foreign exchange contracts, commodity contracts and interest rate swaps, floors and caps) for the benefit of commercial customers. The Bancorp may economically hedge

significant exposures related to these free-standing derivatives by entering into offsetting third-party contracts with approved, reputable counterparties
with substantially matching terms and currencies. Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. The Bancorp’s exposure is limited to the replacement value of the contracts rather than the
notional, principal or contract amounts. The Bancorp minimizes the credit risk through credit approvals, limits, counterparty collateral and monitoring procedures. 

Fair Value Hedges 

The Bancorp may enter into interest rate swaps to convert its fixed-rate,
long-term debt to floating-rate debt. Decisions to convert fixed-rate debt to floating are made primarily by consideration of the asset/liability mix of the Bancorp, the desired asset/liability sensitivity and interest rate levels. For the years
ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, certain interest rate swaps met the criteria required to qualify for the shortcut method of accounting. Based on this shortcut method of accounting treatment, no ineffectiveness is assumed. For interest rate
swaps that do not meet the shortcut requirements, an assessment of hedge effectiveness was performed and such swaps were accounted for using the “long-haul” method. The long-haul method requires periodic assessment of hedge effectiveness
and measurement of ineffectiveness. The ineffectiveness results to the extent the changes in the fair value of derivative recorded does not offset changes in fair value of the debt due to changes in the hedged risk, in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. For interest rate swaps accounted for as a fair value hedge using the long-haul method, ineffectiveness is the difference between the changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap and changes in fair value of the long-term debt
attributable to the risk being hedged. For interest rate swaps that do not qualify for the shortcut method of accounting, the ineffectiveness is reported within interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the years ended
December 31, 2006 and 2005, changes in the fair value of any interest rate swaps attributed to hedge ineffectiveness were insignificant to the Bancorp’s Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    63 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

During 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp terminated interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges and in accordance with SFAS No. 133, an amount equal to
the cumulative fair value adjustment to the hedged items at the date of termination is amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term of the long-term debt. For the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, $14 million in
net deferred losses, net of tax, and $3 million in net deferred gains, net of tax, on the terminated fair value hedges were amortized into interest expense, respectively. 

The Bancorp also enters into forward contracts to hedge its residential mortgage loans held for sale. The hedged 

mortgage loans held for sale are grouped into portfolios of loans that share the same risk exposure. For the year ended December 31, 2006, the Bancorp
recognized a net loss of $5 million related to the ineffectiveness of the hedging relationships. Those forward contracts that do not meet the criteria for fair value hedge accounting are accounted for as free-standing derivatives. 

The following table reflects the notional amount and market value of all fair value hedges included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
of December 31: 

2006

2005

 ($ in millions)

NotionalAmount

FairValue

NotionalAmount

FairValue

 Included in other assets:

 Interest rate swaps related to debt

$-

$-

500

21

 Forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale

653

4

61

-

 Total included in other assets

$4

21

 Included in other liabilities:

 Interest rate swaps related to debt

$2,575

$95

3,095

103

 Forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale

419

2

739

3

 Total included in other liabilities

$97

106

 Cash Flow Hedges 

The Bancorp
may enter into interest rate swaps to convert floating-rate assets and liabilities to fixed rates and to hedge certain forecasted transactions. The assets and liabilities are typically grouped and share the same risk exposure for which they are
being hedged. The Bancorp may also enter into forward contracts to hedge certain forecasted transactions. 

The Bancorp has
no outstanding cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2006 or 2005. In prior periods, the Bancorp terminated certain derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges. The deferred gains or losses of those terminated instruments, net of tax, are included
in accumulated other comprehensive income and are being amortized over the designated hedging periods, which range up to 4 months. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, less than $1 million and $13 million, respectively, in net deferred losses, net
of tax, related to terminated cash flow hedges were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. For the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, $12 million and $14 million, respectively, in net deferred losses, net of tax, on the
terminated cash flow hedges were amortized into net interest income. As of December 31, 2006, less than $1 million in net deferred losses, net of tax, on terminated cash flow hedges included in accumulated other comprehensive income are
expected to be reclassified into net interest income during the next 12 months. 

Free-Standing Derivative Instruments

The majority of the free-standing derivative instruments the Bancorp enters into are for the benefit of commercial customers. These
derivative contracts are not designated against specific assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or to forecasted transactions and, therefore, do not qualify for hedge accounting. These instruments include foreign exchange
derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of commercial customers involved in international trade to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, commodity contracts to hedge such items as natural gas and various other derivative
contracts. The Bancorp may economically hedge significant exposures related to these derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of customers by entering into offsetting contracts with approved, reputable, independent counterparties with
substantially matching terms. The Bancorp hedges its interest rate exposure on commercial customer transactions by executing offsetting swap agreements with primary dealers. Revaluation gains and losses 

on foreign exchange, commodity and other commercial customer derivative contracts are recorded as a component of corporate banking revenue. 

The Bancorp enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge certain foreign denominated loans. Derivative
instruments that the Bancorp may use to economically hedge these foreign denominated loans include foreign exchange swaps and forward contracts. The Bancorp does not designate these instruments against the foreign denominated loans, and therefore,
does not obtain hedge accounting treatment. Revaluation gains and losses on such foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded within other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income as are revaluation gains and losses on
foreign denominated loans. 

As part of its overall risk management strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity, the
Bancorp may enter into various free-standing derivatives (principal-only swaps, swaptions, floors, options and interest rate swaps) to economically hedge changes in fair value of its largely fixed-rate MSR portfolio. Principal-only swaps hedge the
mortgage-LIBOR spread because they appreciate in value as a result of tightening spreads. They also provide prepayment protection by increasing in value when prepayment speeds increase, as opposed to MSRs that lose value in a faster prepayment
environment. Receive fixed/pay floating interest rate swaps and swaptions increase in value when interest rates do not increase as quickly as expected. The Bancorp enters into forward contracts to economically hedge the change in fair value of
certain residential mortgage loans held for sale due to changes in interest rates. Interest rate lock commitments issued on residential mortgage loan commitments that will be held for resale are also considered free-standing derivative instruments
and the interest rate exposure on these commitments is economically hedged primarily with forward contracts. Revaluation gains and losses from free-standing derivatives related to mortgage banking activity are recorded as a component of mortgage
banking net revenue. 

Additionally, the Bancorp occasionally may enter into free-standing derivative instruments (options,
swaptions and interest rate swaps) in order to minimize significant fluctuations in earnings and cash flows caused by interest rate volatility. Revaluation gains and losses on interest rate risk derivative contracts are recorded within other
noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

64    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The net gains (losses) recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income
relating to free-standing derivative instruments for the years ended December 31 are summarized in the table below: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Foreign exchange contracts

$56

52

45

 Forward contracts related to interest rate lock commitments and mortgage loans held for sale

7

(2)

(3)

 Interest rate lock commitments

(2)

1

4

 Derivative instruments related to MSR portfolio

(9)

(23)

(10)

 Derivative instruments related to interest rate risk

(20)

3

7

The following table reflects the market value of all free-standing derivatives included in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31: 

2006

2005

 ($ in millions)

NotionalAmount

Fair Value

NotionalAmount

Fair Value

 Included in other assets:

 Foreign exchange contracts for customers

$5,064

$164

3,771

118

 Interest rate contracts for customers

8,174

110

5,964

48

 Commodity contracts for customers

68

4

-

-

 Foreign exchange contracts

68

1

-

-

 Derivative instruments related to MSR portfolio

2,335

14

560

4

 Interest rate lock commitments

389

2

315

1

 Forward contracts related to interest rate lock commitments

243

1

71

-

 Derivative instruments related to interest rate risk

213

9

-

-

 Total included in other assets

$305

171

 Included in other liabilities:

 Foreign exchange contracts for customers

$4,783

$149

3,654

104

 Interest rate contracts for customers

8,398

110

5,924

48

 Commodity contracts for customers

62

4

-

-

 Derivative instruments related to MSR portfolio

583

5

586

10

 Interest rate lock commitments

750

3

165

-

 Forward contracts related to interest rate lock commitments

103

1

416

1

 Derivative instruments related to interest rate risk

7

-

-

-

 Total included in other liabilities

$272

163

The following table summarizes the Bancorp’s derivative instrument positions (excluding $27.6
billion in notional amount from the customer accommodation program) at December 31, 2006: 

 ($ in millions)

 Notional

Amount

 Weighted-AverageRemaining Maturity

(in months)

 Average Receive

Rate

 Average Pay

Rate

 Interest rate swaps related to debt:

 Receive fixed/pay floating

$2,775

107

4.85

%

5.43

%

 Mortgage lending commitments:

 Forward contracts on mortgage loans held for sale and interest rate lock commitments

1,418

1

 Mortgage servicing rights portfolio:

 Principal-only swaps

48

2

4.23

 Interest rate swaps – Receive fixed/pay floating

785

62

5.12

5.37

 Interest rate swaps – Receive floating/pay fixed

460

86

5.36

4.95

 Interest rate swaptions – Receive fixed

1,225

5

4.86

 Interest rate swaptions – Pay fixed

400

3

5.28

 Foreign currency:

 Forward contracts

15

2

 Swaps

53

2

 Interest rate futures/forwards

20

2

 Total

$7,199

Fifth Third Bancorp    65 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

9. OTHER ASSETS 

The following table provides the
components of other assets included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Bank owned life insurance

$1,949

$1,865

 Accounts receivable and drafts-in-process

1,446

1,073

 Partnership investments

698

388

 Accrued interest receivable

533

511

 Derivative instruments

309

192

 Prepaid pension and other expenses

119

188

 Other real estate owned

90

54

 Other

626

116

 Total

$5,770

$4,387

10. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS 

 Borrowings with original maturities of one year or less are classified as short term. Federal funds purchased are excess balances in reserve accounts held
at Federal Reserve Banks that the Bancorp purchased from other member banks on an overnight basis. Bank notes are promissory notes issued by the 

Bancorp’s subsidiary banks. Other short-term borrowings include securities sold under repurchase agreements, FHLB advances and other borrowings with
original maturities of one year or less. A summary of short-term borrowings and weighted-average rates follows: 

2006

2005

2004

 ($ in millions)

Amount

Rate

Amount

Rate

Amount

Rate

 As of December 31:

 Federal funds purchased

$1,421

5.26

%

$5,323

3.93

%

$4,714

2.00

%

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

-

-

775

2.30

 Other short-term borrowings

2,796

4.04

4,246

2.94

4,537

1.71

 Average for the years ending December 31:

 Federal funds purchased

$4,148

5.02

%

$4,225

3.26

%

$5,896

1.30

%

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

248

2.60

1,003

1.46

 Other short-term borrowings

4,522

4.28

5,038

2.74

6,640

1.17

 Maximum month-end balance:

 Federal funds purchased

$5,434

$6,378

$8,037

 Short-term bank notes

-

775

1,275

 Other short-term borrowings

6,287

6,531

8,233

66    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11. LONG-TERM DEBT 

A summary of long-term borrowings at
December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

Maturity

Interest Rate

2006

2005

 Parent Company

 Senior:

 Extendable notes

2007 - 2009

5.33%

$

1,748

1,749

 Subordinated:

 Fixed-rate notes (b)

2017

5.45%

492

-

 Fixed-rate notes (b)

2018

4.50%

459

463

 Floating-rate notes 
(b)

2016

5.79%

250

-

 Junior subordinated:

 Fixed-rate debentures (b)

2027

8.136%

217

219

 Subsidiaries

 Senior:

 Fixed-rate bank notes

2007 - 2019

2.70% -5.20%

2,006

2,030

 Floating-rate bank notes

2013

5.48%

500

1,150

 Extendable bank notes

2008 - 2014

5.40%-5.45%

1,200

1,199

 Subordinated:

 Fixed-rate bank notes (b)

2015

4.75%

492

497

 Junior subordinated:

 Floating-rate debentures (a)

2027

6.17%

103

103

 Floating-rate debentures (a)

2033 - 2034

8.15%-8.27%

67

67

 Mandatorily redeemable securities 
(a)

2031

Varies

647

596

 Federal Home Loan Bank advances

2007 - 2037

0% -8.34%

4,258

4,790

 Securities sold under repurchase agreements

-

2,300

 Other

2007 - 2032

Varies

119

64

 Total

$12,558

15,227

 (a)

 Qualify as Tier I capital for regulatory capital purposes. 

 (b)

 Qualify as Tier II capital for regulatory capital purposes. 

 The senior extendable notes are obligations of the Bancorp. These notes currently pay interest at one-month LIBOR and, in 2007, can be extended for twelve months to pay interest at one-month
LIBOR plus 1 bp. In 2008, the notes can be extended an additional twelve months paying an interest rate of one-month LIBOR plus 2 bp. The final maturity of these notes is 2009. 

The subordinated fixed-rate notes due in 2017 and 2018 are the obligation of the Bancorp. The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed-rate notes to floating-rate. The rate
paid on these swaps was 5.37% at December 31, 2006. 

The subordinated floating-rate notes due in 2016 are obligations
of the Bancorp. The notes pay interest at three-month LIBOR plus 42 bp. 

The Bancorp issued the 8.136% junior subordinated
debentures due in 2027 to Fifth Third Capital Trust I (“FTCT1”). The Bancorp has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of FTCT1’s obligations under trust preferred securities issued by FTCT1. The Bancorp entered into a swap to
convert the fixed-rate debt into floating. The interest rate paid on the swap was 5.86% at December 31, 2006. The trust preferred securities have been called in the first quarter of 2007. 

The three-month LIBOR plus 80 bp junior subordinated debentures due in 2027 were issued to Old Kent Capital Trust 1 (“OKCT1”).
The Bancorp has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of OKCT1’s obligations under trust preferred securities issued by OKCT1. The trust preferred securities were redeemed in the first quarter of 2007. 

The three-month LIBOR plus 290 bp and the three-month LIBOR plus 279 bp junior subordinated debentures due in 2033 and 2034, respectively,
were assumed by a subsidiary of the Bancorp in connection with the acquisition of First National. The obligations were issued to FNB Statutory Trusts I and II (“STAT I” and “STAT II”), respectively. The Bancorp has fully and
unconditionally guaranteed all obligations of STAT I and STAT II under trust preferred securities issued by STAT I and STAT II, respectively. 

 The senior fixed-rate bank notes
due from 2007 to 2019 are the obligations of a subsidiary bank. The maturities of the face value of the senior fixed-rate bank notes are as follows: $375 million in 2007, $500 million in 2008, $109 million in 2009, $800 million in 2010 and $275
million in 2019. The Bancorp entered into swaps to convert $1.1 billion of the fixed-rate debt into floating. At December 31, 2006, the rates paid on these swaps ranged from 5.37% to 5.41%. 

The subordinated fixed-rate bank notes due in 2015 are the obligations of a subsidiary bank. The Bancorp entered into swaps to convert the
fixed-rate debt into floating. At December 31, 2006, the rate paid on the swaps ranged from 5.34% to 5.60%. 

The
mandatorily redeemable securities due 2031 relate to a preferred stock obligation of a subsidiary of the Bancorp. The preferred stock will be automatically exchanged for trust preferred securities in 2031. Beginning five years from the date of
issuance, the Bancorp’s subsidiary has the option, subject to regulatory approval, to exchange the preferred stock for trust preferred securities or cash upon a change in the Bancorp’s senior debt rating to or below BBB, a change in the
investor’s tax elections or a change to applicable tax law. 

At December 31, 2006, FHLB advances have rates
ranging from 0% to 8.34%, with interest payable monthly. The advances were secured by certain residential mortgage loans and securities totaling $8.7 billion. The advances mature as follows: $1.6 billion in 2007, $13 million in 2008, $1.5 billion in
2009, $1 million in 2010 and $1.1 billion in 2011 and thereafter. 

Medium-term senior notes and subordinated bank notes with
maturities ranging from one year to 30 years can be issued by two subsidiary banks, of which $4.2 billion was outstanding at December 31, 2006 with $15.8 billion available for future issuance. There were no other medium-term senior notes
outstanding on either of the two subsidiary banks as of December 31, 2006. 

The Bancorp pays down long-term debt in
accordance with contractual terms over maturity periods summarized in the above table. Contractually obligated payments for long-term debt are due over the following periods: $2.0 billion in less than one year; $3.9 billion in one to three years;
$.8 billion in three to five years; and $5.9 billion in greater than five years. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    67 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 

 The Bancorp, in the normal
course of business, uses derivatives and other financial instruments to manage its interest rate risks and prepayment risks and to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments primarily include commitments to extend credit,
standby and commercial letters of credit, foreign exchange contracts, commitments to sell residential mortgage loans, principal-only swaps, interest rate swap agreements, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, commodities contracts, written
options and interest rate lock commitments. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk, counterparty risk and market risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of
December 31, 2006, all of the Bancorp’s risk management derivatives exposure was to investment grade companies. The contract or notional amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Bancorp has in particular classes
of financial instruments. 

Creditworthiness for all instruments is evaluated on a case-by-case basis in accordance with the
Bancorp’s credit policies. While notional amounts are typically used to express the volume of these transactions, it does not represent the much smaller amounts that are potentially subject to credit risk. Entering into derivative instruments
involves the risk of dealing with counterparties and their ability to meet the terms of the contract. The Bancorp controls the credit risk of these transactions through adherence to a derivatives products policy, credit approval policies and
monitoring procedures. Collateral, if deemed necessary, is based on management’s credit evaluation of the counterparty and may include business assets of commercial borrowers, as well as personal property and real estate of individual borrowers
and guarantors. 

A summary of significant commitments and contingent liabilities at December 31: 

 Contract or

NotionalAmount

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Commitments to extend credit

$

42,085

35,724

 Letters of credit (including standby letters of credit)

8,163

7,300

 Customer derivatives in a gain position

3,911

2,410

 Forward contracts to sell mortgage loans

1,418

1,285

 Noncancelable lease obligations

695

609

 Purchase obligations

24

34

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend, typically having fixed
expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn 

upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash flow requirements. The Bancorp is exposed to credit risk in the event of
nonperformance for the amount of the contract. Fixed-rate commitments are also subject to market risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates and the Bancorp’s exposure is limited to the replacement value of those commitments. As of
December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp had a reserve for probable credit losses totaling $75 million and $69 million, respectively, included in other liabilities. 

Standby and commercial letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. At December 31, 2006, approximately $2.9 billion of
standby letters of credit expire within one year, $4.8 billion expire between one to five years and $.5 billion expire thereafter. At December 31, 2006, letters of credit of approximately $32 million were issued to commercial customers for a
duration of one year or less to facilitate trade payments in domestic and foreign currency transactions. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the reserve related to these standby letters of credit was less than $1 million. Approximately 69% of the
total standby letters of credit were secured as of December 31, 2006 and 2005. In the event of nonperformance by the customers, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral, which can include commercial real estate, physical plant and
property, inventory, receivables, cash and marketable securities. 

As discussed in Note 8, the Bancorp’s policy is to
enter into derivative contracts to accommodate customers, to offset customer accommodations and to offset its own market risk incurred in the ordinary course of its business. Contingent obligations arising from market risk assumed in derivatives are
offset with additional rights contained in other derivatives or contracts, such as loans or borrowings. A liability arises when a customer does not perform according to the derivative contract while the Bancorp must perform the offsetting agreement.
Customer derivatives in a gain position with a corresponding offset are included in the table. The fair value of these contracts at December 31, 2006 and 2005 were $45 million and $31 million, respectively. 

The Bancorp’s subsidiaries have entered into a number of noncancelable lease agreements. The minimum rental commitments under
noncancelable lease agreements are shown in the table. The Bancorp has also entered into a limited number of agreements for work related to banking center construction and to purchase goods or services. 

There are claims pending against the Bancorp and its subsidiaries that have arisen in the normal course of business. See Note 13 for
additional information regarding these proceedings. 

13. LEGAL AND REGULATORY PROCEEDINGS 

 During May 2005, the Bancorp
filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio related to a dispute with the Internal Revenue Service concerning the timing of deductions associated with certain leveraged lease transactions in its 1997 tax return.
The Internal Revenue Service has also proposed adjustments to the tax effects of certain leveraged lease transactions in subsequent tax return years. The proposed adjustments, including penalties, relate to the Bancorp’s portfolio of lease-in
lease-out transactions, service contract leases and qualified technology equipment leases with both domestic and foreign municipalities. The Bancorp is challenging the Internal Revenue Service’s proposed treatment of all of these leasing
transactions. The Bancorp’s original net investment in these leases totaled approximately $900 million. The Bancorp continues to believe that its treatment of these leveraged leases was appropriate and in compliance with applicable tax law and
regulations. While management cannot predict with certainty the result of the suit, given the tax treatment of these transactions has been 

 challenged by the Internal Revenue Service, the
Bancorp believes a resolution may involve a projected change in the timing of the leveraged lease cash flows. Recently issued FSP FAS 13-2, which is effective as of January 1, 2007, mandates that a change or projected change in the timing of
lessor cash flows related to income taxes generated by leveraged lease transactions, excluding interest and penalty assessments, will require a lessor to recalculate the rate of return and allocation of income to positive investment years from
inception of the lease. Upon adoption of FSP FAS 13-2 on January 1, 2007, the Bancorp recorded a $96 million after-tax charge to retained earnings related to its portfolio of leveraged leases. The amount of this reduction will be recognized as
income over the remaining term of the affected leases. In January 2007, the Bancorp made a $356 million deposit with the IRS to mitigate the risk associated with tax years after 1997 and, in particular, the leveraged lease transactions noted above.
The deposit enables the 

68    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Bancorp to stop the accrual of interest at a current rate of 8-10% on any tax deficiency to the extent of the deposit if the Bancorp is not ultimately
successful in its suit. 

On April 26, 2006 the Bancorp was added as a defendant in a consolidated antitrust class
action lawsuit originally filed against Visa®

,
MasterCard
®

 and several other major financial
institutions in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. The plaintiffs, merchants operating commercial businesses throughout the U.S. and trade associations, claim that the interchange fees charged by card-issuing
banks are unreasonable and seek injunctive relief and unspecified damages. As this litigation is still in its early stages, it is not possible for management to assess the probability of a material adverse outcome or the range of possible damages to
the Bancorp, if any. 

As an outgrowth of the recent SEC consent order involving BISYS Fund Services, Inc.
(“BISYS”), which has provided certain administrative services to the Fifth Third Funds, Fifth Third Asset Management, Inc. (“FTAM”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, has received an informal request for
information from the SEC regarding its past dealings with BISYS. FTAM is responding to the SEC’s requests and intends to cooperate with the SEC in this review. The impact to the Bancorp of the final disposition of this inquiry cannot be
assessed at this time. 

Several putative class action complaints have been filed against the Bancorp in various federal
courts and one state 

court. The Bancorp has filed to remove the state court action to federal court. The complaints relate to an alleged intrusion of The TJX Companies,
Inc.’s (“TJX”) computer system and the potential theft of their customers’ non-public personal information and alleged violations of the Graham-Leach-Bliley Act. Some of the complaints were filed by consumers and seek
unquantified damages on behalf of putative classes of persons who transacted business at any one of TJX’s stores during the period of May 2006 through December 2006. Another was filed by a bank and seeks unquantified damages on behalf of other
similarly situated entities that suffered losses in relation to the alleged intrusion. Management believes there are substantial defenses to these claims and intends to defend them vigorously. The impact of the final disposition of these lawsuits
cannot be assessed at this time. 

The Bancorp and its subsidiaries are not parties to any other material litigation.
However, there are other litigation matters which arise in the normal course of business. While it is impossible to ascertain the ultimate resolution or range of financial liability with respect to these contingent matters, management believes any
resulting liability from these other actions would not have a material effect upon the Bancorp’s consolidated financial position or results of operations or cash flows. 

14. GUARANTEES 

 The Bancorp has performance obligations upon the occurrence of certain events under financial guarantees provided in certain contractual arrangements.
These various arrangements are summarized below. 

At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp had issued $8.1 billion
and $7.3 billion, respectively, of financial and performance standby letters of credit to guarantee the performance of various customers to third parties. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by these parties is
equivalent to the contract amount and totals $8.1 billion and $7.3 billion, respectively. Upon issuance, the Bancorp recognizes a liability equal to the amount of fees received from the customer for these standby letter of credit commitments. At
December 31, 2006 and 2005, the reserve related to these standby letters of credit was less than $1 million. Approximately 69% of the total standby letters of credit were secured as of December 31, 2006 and 2005. In the event of
nonperformance by the customers, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral, which can include commercial real estate, physical plant and property, inventory, receivables, cash and marketable securities. 

Through December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp had transferred, subject to credit recourse, certain primarily floating-rate,
short-term investment grade commercial loans to an unconsolidated qualified special purpose entity (“QSPE”) that is wholly owned by an independent third-party. The outstanding balance of such loans at December 31, 2006 and 2005 was
approximately $3.4 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively. These loans may be transferred back to the Bancorp upon the occurrence of certain specified events. These events include borrower default on the loans transferred, bankruptcy preferences
initiated against underlying borrowers and ineligible loans transferred by the Bancorp to the QSPE. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is approximately equivalent to the total outstanding
balance of $3.4 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2006 and 2005. In addition, the Bancorp’s agreement to provide liquidity support to the QSPE was $3.8 billion as of year end 2006 compared to $3.4 billion as of year
end 2005. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp’s loss reserve related to the liquidity support and credit enhancement provided to the QSPE was $16 million and $10 million, respectively, recorded in other liabilities on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp had provided credit recourse on approximately $1.3 billion of residential mortgage loans sold to unrelated third parties. In the event of any customer default, pursuant
to the credit recourse provided, the Bancorp is required to reimburse the third party. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the total outstanding balance. In the event of
nonperformance, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral value attached to the loan. The Bancorp maintained an estimated credit loss reserve of approximately $18 million and $21 million relating to these residential mortgage loans sold at
December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, recorded in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach that is consistent with its overall approach in estimating credit
losses for various categories of residential mortgage loans held in its loan portfolio. 

As of December 31, 2006 and
2005, the Bancorp had fully and unconditionally guaranteed $376 million of certain long-term borrowing obligations issued by four wholly-owned issuing trust entities. 

The Bancorp, through its electronic payment processing division, processes VISA®

 and MasterCard
®

 merchant card transactions. Pursuant to VISA
®

 and MasterCard
®

 rules, the Bancorp assumes certain contingent liabilities relating to these transactions which typically arise from billing disputes between the merchant and cardholder that are ultimately resolved in the
cardholder’s favor. In such cases, these transactions are “charged back” to the merchant and disputed amounts are refunded to the cardholder. If the Bancorp is unable to collect these amounts from the merchant, it will bear the loss
for refunded amounts. The likelihood of incurring a contingent liability arising from chargebacks is relatively low, as most products or services are delivered when purchased and credits are issued on returned items. For the years ended
December 31, 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp processed approximately $120 million and $100 million, respectively, of chargebacks presented by issuing banks, resulting in no material actual losses to the Bancorp. The Bancorp accrues for probable
losses based on historical experience and did not carry a credit loss reserve at December 31, 2006 and 2005. 

Fifth
Third Securities, Inc (“FTS”), a subsidiary of the Bancorp, guarantees the collection of all margin account balances 

Fifth Third Bancorp    69 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

held by its brokerage clearing agent for the benefit of FTS customers. FTS is responsible for payment to its brokerage clearing agent for any loss,
liability, damage, cost or expense incurred as a result of customers failing to comply with margin or margin maintenance calls on all margin accounts. The margin account balance held by the brokerage clearing 

agent as of December 31, 2006 was $51 million compared to $55 million as of December 31, 2005. In the event of any customer default, FTS has rights
to the underlying collateral provided. Given the existence of the underlying collateral provided and negligible historical credit losses, FTS does not maintain a loss reserve. 

15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

At December 31, 2006 and 2005, certain directors, executive officers, principal holders of Bancorp common stock, associates of such persons, and
affiliated companies of such persons were indebted, including undrawn commitments to lend, to the Bancorp’s banking subsidiaries in the aggregate amount, net of participations, of $271 million and $307 million, respectively. As of
December 31, 2006 and 2005, the outstanding balance on loans to related parties, net of participations and undrawn commitments, was $76 million and $81 million, respectively. 

Commitments to lend to related parties as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, net of participations, were comprised of $260 million and
$296 million, respectively, to directors and $11 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005 to executive officers. The commitments are in the form of loans and guarantees for various business and personal interests. This indebtedness was incurred in
the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, 

as those prevailing at the time of comparable transactions with unrelated parties. This indebtedness does not involve more than the normal risk of repayment
or present other unfavorable features. 

None of the Bancorp’s affiliates, officers, directors or employees has an
interest in or receives any remuneration from any special purpose entities or qualified special purpose entities with which the Bancorp transacts business. 

The Bancorp maintains a written policy and procedures covering related party transactions. These procedures cover transactions such as employee-stock purchase loans, personal lines of credit, residential secured
loans, overdrafts, letters of credit and increases in indebtedness. Such transactions are subject to the Bancorp’s normal underwriting and approval procedures. Prior to the loan closing, Compliance Risk Management must approve and determine
whether the transaction requires approval from or a post notification be sent to the Bancorp’s Board of Directors. 

16. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

The Bancorp has elected to present the disclosures required by SFAS No. 130, “Reporting of Comprehensive Income,” in the Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity and in the table below. The Bancorp adopted SFAS No. 158, “Employers’ Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - An Amendment of FASB Statements
No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R).” This statement 

requires companies to recognize the unamortized actuarial net gains or losses and unamortized prior service costs as components of accumulated other
comprehensive income. 

Disclosure of the reclassification adjustments, related tax effects allocated to other comprehensive
income and accumulated other comprehensive income as of and for the years ended December 31 were as follows: 

Current Period Activity

Accumulated Balance

 ($ in millions)

Pretax

Tax Effect

Net

Pretax

Tax Effect

Net

 2006

 Gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities

$61

(20)

41

$(183)

64

(119)

 Reclassification adjustment for net losses recognized in net income

364

(129)

235

 Reclassification adjustment for cash flow hedge derivative net losses recognized in net income

20

(8)

12

(2)

1

(1)

 Total other comprehensive income

$445

(157)

288

(185)

65

(120)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting for pension and other postretirement obligations

(92)

33

(59)

 Total accumulated other comprehensive income

$(277)

98

(179)

 2005

 Losses on available-for-sale securities

$(455)

158

(297)

(608)

213

(395)

 Reclassification adjustment for net gains recognized in net income

(39)

13

(26)

 Gains (losses) on cash flow hedge derivatives

9

(3)

6

(22)

9

(13)

 Reclassification adjustment for net losses recognized in net income

21

(7)

14

 Change in minimum pension liability

90

(31)

59

(8)

3

(5)

 Total

$(374)

130

(244)

(638)

225

(413)

 2004

 Losses on available-for-sale securities

$(74)

27

(47)

(114)

42

(72)

 Reclassification adjustment for net losses recognized in net income

37

(13)

24

 Losses on cash flow hedge derivatives

(39)

15

(24)

(52)

19

(33)

 Reclassification adjustment for net gains recognized in net income

(1)

—  

(1)

 Change in minimum pension liability

(1)

—  

(1)

(98)

34

(64)

 Total

$(78)

29

(49)

(264)

95

(169)

70    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

17. COMMON STOCK AND TREASURY STOCK 

The following is a
summary of the share activity within common stock issued and treasury stock for the years ended December 31: 

Common Stock

Treasury Stock

 ($ and shares in millions)

Value

Shares

Value

Shares

 Shares at December 31, 2003

$1,295

583

$962

17

 Shares acquired for treasury

-

-

987

19

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

-

-

(222)

(4)

 Restricted stock grants

-

-

(33)

(1)

 Shares issued in business combinations

-

-

(281)

(5)

 Other

-

-

1

-

 Shares at December 31, 2004

1,295

583

1,414

26

 Shares acquired for treasury

-

-

1,746

38

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

-

-

(206)

(4)

 Restricted stock grants

-

-

(43)

(1)

 Shares issued in business combinations

11

5

(1,413)

(26)

 Retirement of shares

(11)

(5)

(219)

(5)

 Shares at December 31, 2005

1,295

583

1,279

28

 Shares acquired for treasury

-

-

82

2

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

-

-

(84)

(2)

 Restricted stock grants

-

-

(45)

(1)

 Shares at December 31, 2006

$1,295

583

$1,232

27

 During 2004, the Bancorp repurchased approximately 18 million shares of its common stock, approximately three percent of total outstanding shares,
for $987 million. 

On January 10, 2005, the Bancorp executed an overnight share repurchase transaction with a
counterparty for the acquisition of 35.5 million shares of its common stock at a purchase price of $45.95 per share, or $1.6 billion. Pursuant to the agreement with the counterparty, the counterparty purchased 35.5 million shares in the
open market over a period of time that was completed during the third quarter of 2005. In accordance with EITF Issue 99-7 “Accounting for an Accelerated Share Repurchase Program,” the share transaction was considered two separate
transactions, (i) the acquisition of treasury shares on the acquisition date and (ii) a forward contract indexed to the Bancorp’s stock. The treasury shares were accounted for at cost as a contra equity transaction. The forward
contract associated with the overnight share repurchase transaction was accounted for in accordance with EITF 00-19, “Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company’s Own Stock,” as
an equity instrument. At the end of the purchase period, the Bancorp received a cash payment of $97 million for the purchase price adjustment based on the volume weighted average purchase price of $43.55. The payment received in connection with the
price adjustment was recorded 

as an addition to capital surplus. Additionally, for diluted earnings per share purposes, the Bancorp assumed the transaction would be net settled in shares
as the Bancorp had the choice of settling in cash or shares and the Bancorp did not have a stated policy or the ability to demonstrate a past practice of cash settlement. These incremental shares were subsequently excluded from quarterly earnings
per share calculations, as the effect of inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

On January 18, 2005, the Bancorp
announced that its Board of Directors had authorized management to purchase 20 million shares of the Bancorp’s common stock through the open market or in any private transaction. The timing of the purchases and the exact number of shares
to be purchased depends upon market conditions. The authorization does not include specific price targets or an expiration date. The Bancorp’s stock repurchase program is an important element of its capital planning activities and the Bancorp
views share repurchases as an effective means of delivering value to shareholders. 

During 2006, the Bancorp repurchased
approximately 2 million shares of its common stock, less than one percent of total outstanding shares, for $82 million. At December 31, 2006, approximately 15.8 million shares remain authorized for repurchase. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    71 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

18. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

 The Bancorp has historically
emphasized employee stock ownership. Based on total stock-based awards outstanding and shares remaining for future grants under the Incentive Compensation Plan, the Bancorp’s total overhang is approximately nine percent. The following table
provides 

detail of the number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock-based awards and remaining shares available for future issuance under all of
the Bancorp’s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2006: 

 Plan Category (shares in thousands)

Number of Shares
to Be Issued Upon
Exercise

Weighted-Average
Exercise Price

Shares Available
for Future Issuance

(a)

 Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders

 Stock options

24,456

$49.08

(b)

 Restricted stock

2,380

(c)

(b)

 Performance units

(d)

(c)

(b)

 Stock appreciation rights (“SARs”)

(e)

(e)

(b)

 Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders

 Employee stock purchase plan

1,613
(f)

 Total (g)

26,836

$49.08

13,748
(h)

 (a)

 Excludes shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options. 

 (b)

 Under the Incentive Compensation Plan, 20.0 million shares of stock were authorized for issuance as nonqualified and incentive stock options, SARs,
restricted stock and restricted stock units, performance shares and performance units and stock awards. As of December 31, 2006, 11.9 million shares remain available for future issuance. 

 (c)

 Not applicable 

 (d)

 The number of shares to be issued is dependent upon the Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance targets and ranges from zero shares to approximately
293 thousand shares, dependent on relative performance. 

 (e)

 At December 31, 2006, approximately 13.1 million SARs were outstanding at a weighted-average grant price of $43.43. The number of shares to be
issued upon exercise will be determined at vesting based on the difference between the grant price and the market price at the date of exercise. 

 (f)

 Represents remaining shares of Fifth Third common stock under the Bancorp’s 1993 Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated, including an additional
1,500,000 shares approved by shareholders on March 28, 2006. 

 (g)

 Excludes 2.4 million outstanding options awarded under plans assumed by the Bancorp in connection with certain mergers and acquisitions. The Bancorp has
not made any awards under these plans and will make no additional awards under these plans. The weighted-average exercise price of the outstanding options is $32.63 per share. 

 (h)

 Includes .3 million shares issuable relating to deferred stock compensation plans. 

 Stock-based awards are eligible for issuance under the Bancorp’s Incentive Compensation Plan to key employees and directors of the Bancorp and its subsidiaries. The Incentive Compensation
Plan was approved by shareholders on March 23, 2004. The plan authorized the issuance of up to 20 million shares as equity compensation and provides for nonqualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock
and restricted stock units, performance shares and performance units and stock awards. Stock options and SARs are issued at fair market value based on the closing price on the date of grant, have up to ten-year terms and vest and become fully
exercisable at the end of three to four years of continued employment. Currently, all SARs outstanding are to be settled with stock. Restricted stock grants vest either after four years or ratably after three, four and five years of continued
employment and include dividend and voting rights. 

As discussed in Note 1, effective January 1, 2006, the Bancorp
adopted SFAS No. 123(R) using the modified retrospective application basis in accounting for stock-based compensation plans. Under SFAS No. 123(R), the Bancorp recognizes compensation expense for the grant-date fair value of stock-based
compensation issued over its requisite service period. Awards with a graded vesting are expensed on a straight-line basis. The grant-date fair value of stock options is measured using the Black- Scholes option-pricing model. 

 The Bancorp uses the following
assumptions, which are evaluated and revised as necessary, in estimating the grant-date fair value of each option grant for the year ended: 

2006

2005

2004

 Expected option life (in years)

6

6

6

 Expected volatility

23%

26%

28%

 Expected dividend yield

4.1%

3.5%

2.3%

 Risk-free interest rate

4.9%

4.3%

3.9%

The expected option life is derived from historical exercise patterns and
represents the amount of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility is based on a combination of historical and implied volatilities of the Bancorp’s stock. The interest rate for periods within the
contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

Stock-based
compensation expense was $76 million, $65 million and $87 million for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The total related income tax benefit recognized was $23 million, $16 million and $18 million for the years
ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The following tables include a summary of stock-based compensation transactions for the previous three fiscal years: 

2006

2005

2004

 Stock Options (shares in thousands)

Shares

 Weighted-Average

Option Price

Shares

 Weighted-

Average

Option Price

Shares

 Weighted-

Average

Option Price

 Outstanding at January 1

31,546

$46.49

36,162

$45.31

40,727

$44.40

 Granted (a)

-

-

2,515

22.90

1,105

19.81

 Exercised

(1,931)

21.70

(4,830)

21.16

(4,248)

25.41

 Forfeited or expired

(2,715)

53.24

(2,301)

54.30

(1,422)

58.07

 Outstanding at December 31

26,900

$47.58

31,546

$46.49

36,162

$45.31

 Exercisable at December 31

25,978

$47.43

29,364

$46.01

30,912

$43.57

 (a)

 2005 stock options granted include 2,514 options assumed as part of the First National acquisition completed on January 1, 2006. These options were
granted under a First National plan assumed by the Bancorp. 2004 options granted include 1,021 options assumed as part of the Franklin Financial acquisition completed on June 11, 2004. These stock options were granted under a Franklin Financial
plan assumed by the Bancorp. 

72    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

There were no stock options granted during 2006. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted for the years ended 2005 and 2004 was $20.54
and $36.57 per share, respectively. 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $32 million, $103 million and $121
million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Cash received from options exercised was $35 million, $90 million and $105 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The actual tax benefit realized from the 

exercised options was $9 million, $28 million and $21 million in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of stock options that
vested during 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $25 million, $78 million and $104 million, respectively. 

At December 31, 2006,
there was $7 million of compensation expense related to non-vested stock options not yet recognized. The expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately 2.1 years. 

2006

2005

2004

 Stock Appreciation Rights (shares in thousands)

Shares

 Weighted-Average

Grant Price

Shares

 Weighted-

Average

Grant Price

Shares

 Weighted-

Average

Grant Price

 Outstanding at January 1

7,541

$47.51

3,529

$54.37

-

$-

 Granted

6,949

39.18

4,892

42.82

3,716

54.37

 Exercised

-

-

-

-

-

-

 Forfeited or expired

(1,437)

44.31

(880)

48.88

(187)

54.40

 Outstanding at December 31

13,053

$43.43

7,541

$47.51

3,529

$54.37

 Exercisable at December 31

989

$42.99

4

$54.37

1

$54.40

 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of SARs granted was $7.35, $9.31 and $14.11 per share for the years ended 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. The total grant-date fair value of SARs that vested during 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $10 million, $.05 million and $.01 million, respectively. 

 At December 31, 2006, there
was $52 million of compensation expense related to non-vested SARs not yet recognized. The expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately 1.7 years. 

2006

2005

2004

 Restricted Stock (shares in thousands)

Shares

Weighted-Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value

Shares

Weighted-
Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value

Shares

Weighted-
Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value

 Nonvested at January 1

1,482

$46.16

596

$54.01

48

$58.11

 Granted

1,265

38.93

1,086

42.31

607

53.86

 Vested

(24)

44.91

(29)

50.62

(18)

59.16

 Forfeited

(343)

40.76

(171)

48.19

(41)

54.26

 Nonvested at December 31

2,380

$40.28

1,482

$46.16

596

$54.01

 The total grant-date fair value of restricted stock that vested during 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $1.1 million, $1.2 million and $1.1
million, respectively. At December 31, 2006, there was $43 million of compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock not yet recognized. The expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of
approximately 2.5 years. 

The Bancorp has no specific policy to repurchase common shares to mitigate the dilutive impact of
options; however, the Bancorp has historically made adequate discretionary purchases based on cash availability, market 

trends and other factors, to satisfy stock option exercise activity. 

At December 31, 2006, there were 9.7 million incentive options, 17.2 million non-qualified options, 13.1 million SARs and 2.4 million restricted stock awards outstanding,
.3 million shares reserved for performance unit awards and 11.9 million shares available for grant. As of December 31, 2006, the aggregate intrinsic value of both outstanding options and exercisable options was $64 million. Stock
options, SARs and restricted stock outstanding represent eight percent of the Bancorp’s issued shares at December 31, 2006. 

Outstanding Stock Options

Exercisable Stock Options

 Exercise Price

per Share

Number ofOptions at Year
End (000’s)

Weighted-Average
Exercise Price

 Weighted-Average
Remaining
Contractual Life

(in years)

Number ofOptions at Year
End (000’s)

Weighted-Average
Exercise Price

 Weighted-Average
Remaining
Contractual Life

(in years)

 Under $10.00

47

$7.98

3.31

47

$7.98

3.31

 $10.01-$25.00

1,922

21.45

1.48

1,922

21.45

1.48

 $25.01-$40.00

4,414

35.92

1.87

4,414

35.92

1.87

 $40.01-$55.00

15,614

48.29

4.00

14,770

48.11

3.87

 Over $55.01

4,903

66.46

5.28

4,825

66.60

5.27

 All options

26,900

$47.58

3.70

25,978

$47.43

3.61

 In addition, approximately 111 thousand shares of performance-based awards were granted during 2006. These awards are payable in
stock and cash contingent upon the Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance targets over the three-year measurement period. These performance targets are based on the Bancorp’s performance relative to a defined peer group. The
performance-based awards were granted at a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $39.14 per share. 

 The Bancorp sponsors a Stock
Purchase Plan that allows qualifying employees to purchase shares of the Bancorp’s common stock with a 15% match. During the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively, there were 317,483, 333,472 and 236,115 shares purchased by
participants and the Bancorp recognized compensation expense of $2 million for each of the years ended 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    73 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

19. OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME AND OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE 

The major components of other noninterest income and other noninterest expense for the years ended December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Other noninterest income:

 Cardholder fees

$49

46

39

 Consumer loan and lease fees

47

50

57

 Operating lease income

26

55

156

 Bank owned life insurance income

86

91

61

 Insurance income

28

27

28

 Gain on sale of third-party sourced merchant processing contracts

-

-

157

 Other

64

91

89

 Total

$300

360

587

 Other noninterest expense:

 Marketing and communications

$124

126

99

 Postal and courier

49

50

49

 Bankcard

317

271

224

 Loan and lease

93

89

82

 Travel

52

54

41

 Information technology and operations

112

114

87

 Operating lease

18

40

114

 Debt and other financing agreement termination

49

-

325

 Other

409

441

403

 Total

$1,223

1,185

1,424

20. SALES AND TRANSFERS OF LOANS 

The Bancorp sold fixed and adjustable rate residential mortgage loans and student loans during 2006 and 2005. The Bancorp also securitized and sold
certain automotive loans in 2004 and securitized and sold certain home equity lines of credit in 2003. In all of those sales, the Bancorp retained servicing responsibilities. In addition, the Bancorp retained a residual interest and an interest only
strip (“IO strip”) in the home equity lines of credit securitization and a residual interest and subordinated tranche in the automotive loans securitization. The Bancorp receives annual servicing fees at a percentage of the outstanding
balance and rights to future cash flows arising after the investors in the securitization trusts have received the return for which they contracted. The investors and the securitization trusts have no recourse to the Bancorp’s other assets for
failure of debtors to pay when due. The Bancorp’s retained interests are subordinate to investor’s 

interests. Their value is subject to credit, prepayment and interest rate risks on the sold financial assets. In 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp recognized pretax
gains of $81 million and $123 million, respectively, on the sales of residential mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit and student loans. Total proceeds from the loan sales in 2006 and 2005 were $9.4 billion and $9.7 billion, respectively.

Initial carrying values of retained interests recognized during 2006 and 2005 were as follows: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Mortgage servicing assets

$

135

134

 Other consumer and commercial servicing assets

1

1

 Consumer residual interests

-

5

Key economic assumptions used in measuring the Bancorp’s servicing rights and
residual interests during 2006 and 2005 were as follows: 

2006

2005

 Rate

 Weighted-Average
Life

(in years)

PrepaymentSpeed
Assumption

DiscountRate

Weighted-Average
Default
Rate

 Weighted-

Average

Life

(in years)

Prepayment

Speed

Assumption

Discount

Rate

Weighted-

Average

Default

Rate

 Residential mortgage loans:

 Servicing assets

Fixed

6.8

13.7

%

10.4

%

N/A

7.1

12.6

%

10.3

%

N/A

 Servicing assets

 Adjustable

2.7

38.6

11.7

N/A

3.7

27.5

11.6

N/A

 Home equity lines of credit::

 Servicing assets

 Adjustable

1.8

37.5

11.7

N/A

2.4

35

11.7

N/A

 Residual interest

Adjustable

1.6

37.5

11.7

.35

%

2.0

35

11.7

.35

%

Based on historical credit experience, expected credit losses for servicing rights
have been deemed immaterial. At December 31, 2006, key economic assumptions and the sensitivity of the current fair value of residual cash flows to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in those assumptions are as follows: 

Prepayment SpeedAssumption

Residual Servicing Cash Flows

Weighted-Average Default

 ($ in millions)

Rate

Fair

Value

Weighted-Average
Life (in
years)

Rate

Impact of AdverseChange on Fair
Value

Discount

Rate

Impact of AdverseChange on Fair

Value

Rate

Impact of AdverseChange on
Fair Value

10%

20%

10%

20%

10%

20%

 Residential mortgage loans:

 Servicing assets

Fixed

$483

7.4

10.9

%

$20

$39

10.3

%

$18

$35

-

%

$-

$-

 Servicing assets

Adjustable

45

3.7

26.5

3

6

10.9

1

2

-

-

-

 Home equity line of credit:

 Servicing assets

Adjustable

3

1.2

40.0

-

1

11.7

-

-

-

-

-

 Residual interest

Adjustable

15

1.5

40.0

1

2

11.7

-

-

.35

-

-

 Automotive loans:

 Servicing assets

Fixed

1

0.3

1.55

-

-

12

-

-

-

-

-

 Residual interest

Fixed

6

0.7

1.55

-

-

12

-

-

1.25

-

-

74    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the figures indicate, changes in fair value based on a 10%
variation in assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in the previous table, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the
fair value of the retained interest is calculated without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another (for example, increases in market interest rates may result in lower prepayments and
increased credit losses), which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. 

 In addition to the retained interests listed previously, the Bancorp retains certain investment grade securities from securitizations. The
fair value of these retained securities was $15 million and $30 million at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The securities are valued using quoted market prices. 

The following table provides a summary of the total loans and leases managed by the Bancorp, including loans securitized for the years ended December 31: 

Balance

Balance of Loans 90 Days or

More Past
Due

 Net
Credit

Losses

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2006

2005

2006

2005

 Commercial loans

$20,725

19,299

$38

20

$107

75

 Commercial mortgage

10,405

9,188

17

8

24

9

 Commercial leases

3,841

3,698

2

1

(1)

37

 Construction loans

6,847

7,037

18

11

8

4

 Residential mortgage

9,263

8,353

57

49

22

19

 Other consumer loans

23,905

22,987

79

65

154

147

 Consumer leases

1,073

1,595

2

3

5

14

 Total loans and leases managed and securitized (a)

76,059

72,157

$213

157

$319

305

 Less:

 Loans securitized

556

928

 Loans held for sale

1,150

1,304

 Total portfolio loans and leases

$74,353

69,925

 (a)

 Excluding securitized assets that the Bancorp continues to service but with which it has no other continuing involvement. 

 Static pool credit losses are calculated by aggregating the actual and projected future credit losses for a securitization and dividing these losses by the original balance in each pool of
assets. For the home equity lines of credit securitized in 2003, the static pool credit losses were .80% and .70% as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. For the automotive loans securitized in 2004, the static pool credit losses were
1.09% and 1.00% as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. 

During 2006 and 2005, the Bancorp transferred, subject
to credit recourse, certain primarily floating-rate, short-term, investment grade commercial loans to an unconsolidated QSPE that is wholly owned by an independent third-party. Generally, the loans transferred provide a lower yield due to their
investment grade nature, and therefore transferring these loans to the QSPE allows the Bancorp to reduce its exposure to these lower yielding loan assets while maintaining the customer relationships. The Bancorp retains servicing and receives
monthly servicing fees. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, the outstanding balance of loans transferred was $3.4 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively. These loans may be transferred back to the Bancorp upon the occurrence of an event specified in
the legal documents that established the QSPE. These events include borrower default on the loans transferred, bankruptcy preferences initiated against underlying borrowers and ineligible loans transferred by the Bancorp to the QSPE. These
commercial loans are transferred at par with no gain or loss recognized. The Bancorp receives rights to future cash flows arising after the investors in the securitization trust have received the return for which they contracted. No value has been
assigned to this retained future stream of fees to be received as the fair value of this right was deemed immaterial due to the short-term servicing period of the assets transferred and the small spread provided by the transferred loans. As of
December 31, 2006, the $3.4 billion balance of outstanding loans had a weighted-average remaining maturity of 2.7 years. 

 During 2004, the Bancorp
securitized and sold $750 million in automotive loans to an unconsolidated QSPE that is wholly owned by an independent third party. The Bancorp retained servicing rights and receives a servicing fee based on a percentage of the outstanding balance.
Additionally, the Bancorp retained a subordinated tranche of securities and rights to future cash flows arising after investors in the securitization trust have received the return for which they contracted. The investors and the securitization
trust have no recourse to the Bancorp’s other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. The Bancorp’s retained interest is subordinate to investor’s interests and its value is subject to credit, prepayment and interest rate risks
on the sold automotive loans. As of December 31, 2006, the remaining balance of sold automotive loans was $146 million. 

During 2003, the Bancorp securitized and sold $903 million in home equity lines of credit to an unconsolidated QSPE that is wholly owned by an independent third party. The Bancorp retained servicing rights and receives a servicing fee based
on a percentage of the outstanding balance. Additionally, the Bancorp retained rights to future cash flows arising after investors in the securitization trust have received the return for which they contracted. The investors and the securitization
trust have no recourse to the Bancorp’s other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. The Bancorp’s retained interest is subordinate to investor’s interests and its value is subject to credit, prepayment and interest rate risks
on the sold home equity lines of credit. During 2006, pursuant to the terms of the sales and servicing agreement, $39 million in fixed-rate home equity line of credit balances were put back to the Bancorp. As of December 31, 2006, the remaining
balance of sold home equity lines of credit was $374 million. 

The Bancorp had the following cash flows with unconsolidated
QSPEs during 2006 and 2005: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Proceeds from transfers, including new securitizations

$1,618

1,680

 Proceeds from collections reinvested in revolving-period securitizations

97

132

 Fees received

35

32

Fifth Third Bancorp    75 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

21. INCOME TAXES 

The Bancorp and its subsidiaries file a
consolidated Federal income tax return. The following is a summary of applicable income taxes included in the Consolidated Statements of Income at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Current income taxes:

 U.S. income taxes

$457

654

691

 State and local income taxes

7

21

34

 Total current tax

464

675

725

 Deferred income taxes:

 U.S. income taxes

(24)

(7)

(12)

 State and local income taxes

3

(9)

(1)

 Total deferred taxes

(21)

(16)

(13)

 Applicable income taxes

$443

659

712

Deferred income taxes are included as a component of accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets and are comprised of the following temporary differences at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Deferred tax assets:

 Allowance for credit losses

$270

260

 Deferred compensation

160

149

 Other comprehensive income

98

225

 State net operating losses

112

129

 Other

117

127

 Total deferred tax assets

757

890

 Deferred tax liabilities:

 Lease financing

1,750

1,786

 State deferred taxes

189

203

 Bank premises and equipment

70

61

 Mortgage servicing rights

124

99

 Other

173

186

 Total deferred tax liabilities

2,306

2,335

 Total net deferred tax liability

$1,549

1,445

A reconciliation between the statutory U.S. income tax rate and the Bancorp’s effective tax
rate for the years ended December 31: 

2006

2005

2004

 Statutory tax rate

35.0%

35.0

35.0

 Increase (decrease) resulting from:

 State taxes, net of federal benefit

.4

.4

1.0

 Tax-exempt income

(2.8)

(2.3)

(2.0)

 Credits

(3.9)

(2.3)

(1.7)

 Dividends on subsidiary preferred stock

(2.2)

(1.7)

(1.7)

 Other, net

.7

.8

1.2

 Effective tax rate

27.2%

29.9

31.8

 Retained earnings at December 31, 2006 includes $157 million in allocations of earnings for bad debt deductions of former thrift subsidiaries for which no income tax has been provided. Under
current tax law, if certain of the Bancorp’s subsidiaries use these 

 bad debt reserves for purposes other than to absorb bad debt losses, they will be subject to Federal income tax at the current corporate
tax rate. 

76    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

22. RETIREMENT AND BENEFIT PLANS 

The following tables
summarize the defined benefit retirement plans as of and for the years ended December 31: 

 Plans With an Overfunded Status

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Fair value of plan assets at January 1

$238

196

 Actual return on assets

26

11

 Contributions

15

50

 Settlement

(20)

(17)

 Benefits paid

(7)

(6)

 Plan merger

-

4

 Fair value of plan assets at
December 31

$252

238

 Projected benefit obligation at January 1

$220

216

 Service cost

1

1

 Interest cost

12

12

 Settlement

(20)

(16)

 Actuarial loss

7

8

 Benefits paid

(7)

(6)

 Plan merger

-

5

 Projected benefit obligation at
December 31

$213

220

 Overfunded projected benefit obligation recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
as an asset (a)

$39

 Plans With an Underfunded Status 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Fair value of plan assets at January 1

$-

5

 Actual return on assets

-

-

 Contributions

3

13

 Settlement

-

(11)

 Benefits paid

(3)

(3)

 Plan merger

-

(4)

 Fair value of plan assets at
December 31

$-

-

 Projected benefit obligation at January 1

$38

38

 Service cost

1

2

 Interest cost

-

(10)

 Settlement

-

10

 Actuarial loss

1

6

 Benefits paid

(3)

(3)

 Plan merger

-

(5)

 Projected benefit obligation at
December 31

$37

38

 Unfunded projected benefit obligation recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
a liability (a)

($37)

(a)

 SFAS No. 158 was implemented prospectively at December 31, 2006. As a result, the Bancorp recognized the overfunded and unfunded projected benefit obligation
of its pension plans as an asset and liability, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2006. 

 Amounts recognized in
accumulated other comprehensive income consist of: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

 Net actuarial loss

$89

 Net prior service cost

3

 Total

$92

The Bancorp implemented SFAS No. 158, “Employers’ Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans – an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88 106, and 132(R)” at December 31, 2006. SFAS No. 158 requires the funded status of pension plans to be recorded in the
balance sheet as an asset for plans with an overfunded status and a liability for plans with an underfunded status. The Bancorp recognized the overfunded and underfunded status of its pension plans as an asset and liability, respectively, in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2006. 

The Bancorp’s qualified defined benefit plan is currently
overfunded. This plan’s benefits were frozen in 1998, except for grandfathered employees. The Bancorp’s retirement plans with an underfunded status are nonqualified, supplemental retirement plans, which are funded on an as needed basis. A
majority of these plans were obtained in acquisitions from prior years. 

The following table summarizes the incremental
effect of applying SFAS No. 158 on individual line items in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2006: 

 ($ in millions)

BeforeApplication
of SFAS
No. 158

Adjustment

AfterApplication
of SFAS
No. 158

 Financial statement line item:

 Prepaid benefit cost

$

124

(85

)

39

 Deferred tax asset

3

30

33

 Total assets

127

(55

)

72

 Accrued benefit liability

38

(1

)

37

 Total liabilities

38

(1

)

37

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

(5

)

(54

)

(59

)

 Total shareholders’ equity

(5

)

(54

)

(59

)

 The following tables summarize net periodic pension cost and other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

2004

 Components of net periodic pension cost:

 Service cost

$1

1

1

 Interest cost

13

14

15

 Expected return on assets

(19)

(18)

(18)

 Amortization and deferral of transition amount

-

-

(2)

 Amortization of actuarial loss

9

8

9

 Amortization of net prior service cost

1

-

1

 Settlement

8

9

10

 Net periodic pension cost

$13

14

16

 ($ in millions)

2006

 Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income:

 Net actuarial loss

$89

 Prior service cost

3

 Total recognized in other comprehensive income

92

 Amortization of actuarial loss

9

 Amortization of prior service cost

1

 Total recognized in net periodic pension cost and other comprehensive
income

$102

The estimated net actuarial loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit
pension plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic pension cost during 2007 are $7 million and $1 million, respectively. 

The plan assumptions are evaluated annually and are updated as necessary. The discount rate assumption reflects the yield on a portfolio of high quality fixed-income instruments that have a
similar duration to the plan’s liabilities. The expected long-term rate of return assumption reflects the average return expected on the assets invested to provide for the plan’s liabilities. In determining the expected long-term rate of
return, the Bancorp evaluated actuarial and economic inputs, including long-term inflation rate assumptions and broad equity and bond indices long-term return projections, as well as actual long-term historical plan performance. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    77 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 The following table summarizes the plan assumptions for the years ended December 31: 

 Weighted-average assumptions

2006

2005

2004

 For disclosure:

 Discount rate

5.80 

%

5.375

5.85

 Rate of compensation increase

5.00

5.00

5.10

 Expected return on plan assets

8.48

8.45

8.00

 For measuring net periodic pension cost:

 Discount rate

5.375

5.65-5.85

6.00

 Rate of compensation increase

5.00

5.00

5.00

 Expected return on plan assets

8.45

8.00

8.75

Lowering both the expected rate of return on the plan and the discount rate by
0.25% would have increased the 2006 pension expense by approximately $1 million. 

Plan assets consist primarily of common
trust and mutual funds (equities and fixed income) and Bancorp common stock. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, $156 million and $178 million, respectively, of plan assets were managed by Fifth Third Bank, a subsidiary of the Bancorp, through
common trust and mutual funds and included $15 million, respectively, of Bancorp common stock. The following table provides the Bancorp’s weighted-average asset allocations by asset category for 2006 and 2005: 

 Weighted-average asset allocation

2006

2005

 Equity securities

69

%

69

 Bancorp common stock

6

6

 Total equity securities

75

75

 Total fixed income securities

22

23

 Cash

3

2

 Total

100

%

100

 The Bancorp’s policy for the investment of Plan assets is to employ investment strategies that achieve a weighted-average target
asset allocation of 70% to 80% in equity securities, 20% to 25% in fixed income securities and up to five percent in cash. Plan assets are not expected to be returned to the Bancorp during 2007. 

The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit plans was $249 million and $254 million at December 31, 2006 and
December 31, 2005, respectively. At December 31, 2006 and 2005, amounts relating to the Bancorp’s defined benefit plans with an accumulated benefit obligation exceeding assets were as follows: 

 ($ in millions)

2006

2005

 Projected benefit obligation

$37

38

 Accumulated benefit obligation

38

38

 Fair value of plan assets

-

-

Based on the actuarial assumptions, the Bancorp does not expect to contribute to
the Plan in 2007. Estimated pension benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are $20 million in 2007, $20 million in 2008, $19 million in 2009, $20 million in 2010 and $18 million in 2011. The total estimated payments for the years
2012 through 2016 is $83 million. 

The Bancorp’s profit sharing plan expense was $60 million for 2006, $62 million for
2005 and $69 million for 2004. Expenses recognized during the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 for matching contributions to the Bancorp’s defined contribution savings plans were $35 million, $33 million and $28 million,
respectively. 

23. EARNINGS PER SHARE 

Reconciliation of earnings per
share to earnings per diluted share for the years ended December 31: 

2006

2005

2004

 (in millions, except per share data)

Income

AverageShares

PerShare
Amount

Income

Average
Shares

Per
Share
Amount

Income

Average
Shares

Per
Share
Amount

 EPS

 Income before cumulative effect

$1,184

$1,549

$1,525

 Net income available to common shareholders before cumulative effect (a)

1,184

555

$2.13

1,548

554

$2.79

1,524

561

$2.72

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

4

.01

-  

-  

-  

-  

 Net income available to common shareholders (a)

$1,188

555

$2.14

$1,548

554

$2.79

$1,524

561

$2.72

 Diluted EPS

 Net income available to common shareholders before cumulative effect

$1,184

555

$1,548

554

$1,524

561

 Effect of dilutive securities:

 Stock based awards

2

4

7

 Convertible preferred stock (b)

-

-

-

 Income plus assumed conversions before cumulative effect

1,184

557

$2.12

1,549

558

$2.77

1,525

568

$2.68

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

4

.01

-  

-  

-  

-  

 Net income available to common shareholders plus assumed conversions

$1,188

557

$2.13

$1,548

558

$2.77

$1,525

568

$2.68

 (a)

 Dividends on preferred stock are $.740 million for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

 (b)

 The additive effect to income from dividends on convertible preferred stock is $.580 million and the average share dilutive effect from convertible preferred
stock is .308 million shares for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004. 

 During the first
quarter of 2006, the Bancorp recognized a benefit for the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of $4 million, net of $2 million of tax, related to the adoption of SFAS 123(R). The benefit recognized relates to the Bancorp’s
estimate of forfeiture experience to be realized for all unvested stock-based awards outstanding. 

 Options to purchase
33.1 million, 28.1 million and 16.2 million shares outstanding at December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively, were not included in the computation of net income per diluted share because the exercise price of these options
were greater than the average market price of the common shares and, therefore, the effect would be antidilutive. 

78    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

24. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

Carrying amounts
and estimated fair values for financial instruments as of December 31: 

2006

2005

 ($ in millions)

 Carrying

Amount

FairValue

 Carrying

Amount

FairValue

 Financial assets:

 Cash and due from banks

$2,737

2,737

3,078

3,078

 Available-for-sale and other securities

11,053

11,053

21,924

21,924

 Held-to-maturity securities

356

356

389

389

 Trading securities

187

187

117

117

 Other short-term investments

809

809

158

158

 Loans held for sale

1,150

1,152

1,304

1,305

 Portfolio loans and leases, net

73,582

73,660

69,181

69,039

 Derivative assets

309

309

192

192

 Bank owned life insurance assets

1,949

1,949

1,865

1,865

 Financial liabilities:

 Deposits

69,380

69,371

67,434

67,361

 Federal funds purchased

1,421

1,421

5,323

5,323

 Other short-term borrowings

2,796

2,796

4,246

4,246

 Long-term debt

12,558

12,762

15,227

15,458

 Derivative liabilities

369

369

269

269

 Short positions

29

29

29

29

 Other financial instruments:

 Commitments to extend credit

75

75

69

69

 Letters of credit

23

23

13

13

 Fair values for financial instruments, which were based on various assumptions and estimates as of a specific point in time, represent
liquidation values and may vary significantly from amounts that will be realized in actual transactions. In addition, certain non-financial instruments were excluded from the fair value disclosure requirements. Therefore, the fair values presented
in the table above should not be construed as the underlying value of the Bancorp. 

The following methods and assumptions
were used in determining the fair value of selected financial instruments: 

Short-term financial assets and liabilities: For
financial instruments with a short-term or no stated maturity, prevailing market rates and limited credit risk, carrying amounts approximate fair value. Those financial instruments include cash and due from banks, other short-term investments,
certain deposits (demand, interest checking, savings and money market), federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings. 

Available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, trading and other securities, including short positions: Fair values were based on prices obtained from an independent nationally recognized pricing service. 

Loans held for sale: The fair value of loans held for sale was estimated based on outstanding commitments from investors or current investor yield
requirements. 

 Portfolio
loans and leases, net: Fair values were estimated by discounting the future cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings and for the same remaining maturities. 

Derivative assets and derivative liabilities Fair values were based on the estimated amount the Bancorp would receive or pay to terminate the
derivative contracts, taking into account the current interest rates and the creditworthiness of the counterparties. The fair values represent an asset or liability at December 31, 2006 and 2005. 

Bank owned life insurance assets: Fair values of insurance policies owned by the Bancorp were based on the insurance contract’s cash surrender
value, net of any policy loans. 

Deposits: Fair values for other time, certificates of deposit $100,000 and over and foreign office
were estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies interest rates currently being offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 

Long-term debt: Fair value of long-term debt was based on quoted market prices, when available, or a discounted cash flow calculation using prevailing market rates for borrowings of similar terms. 

Commitments to extend credit: Fair values of loan commitments were based on estimated probable credit losses. 

Letters of credit: Fair values of letters of credit were based on unamortized fees on the letters of credit. 

25. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

 On January 1, 2005, the Bancorp acquired in a merger 100% of the outstanding stock of First National Bankshares, Inc. (“First National”), a
bank holding company headquartered in Naples, Florida. First National operated 77 full-service banking centers located primarily in Orlando, Tampa, Sarasota, Naples and Fort Myers. The acquisition of First National allowed the Bancorp to increase
its presence in the rapidly expanding Florida market. 

Under the terms of the transaction, each share of First National
common stock was exchanged for .5065 shares of the Bancorp’s common stock, resulting in the issuance of 30.6 million shares of common stock. The common stock issued to effect the transaction was valued at $47.30 per share, the closing
price of the Bancorp’s common stock on the previous trading day, for a total transaction value of $1.5 

billion. The total purchase price also included the fair value of stock-based awards issued in exchange for stock-based awards held by First National
employees, for which the aggregate fair value was $63 million. 

The assets and liabilities of First National were recorded
on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheet at their respective fair values as of the closing date. The results of First National’s operations were included in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Statements of Income from the date of
acquisition. In addition, the Bancorp realized charges against its earnings for acquisition related expenses of $8 million during 2005. The acquisition related expenses consisted primarily of travel and relocation costs, printing, closure of
duplicate facilities, supplies and other costs associated with the conversion. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    79 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The transaction resulted in total goodwill and intangible assets of $1.3 billion based upon the purchase price, the fair values of the acquired assets and
assumed liabilities and applicable purchase accounting adjustments. Of this total intangibles amount, $85 million was allocated to core deposit intangibles, $7 million was allocated to customer lists and $13 million was allocated to noncompete
agreements. The core deposit intangible and the customer lists are being amortized using an accelerated method over 10 years. The noncompete agreements are being amortized using the straight-line method over the duration of the agreements. The
remaining $1.2 billion of intangible assets was recorded as goodwill and is not being amortized. Goodwill recognized in the First National acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. 

On June 11, 2004, the Bancorp completed the acquisition of Franklin Financial, a bank holding company located in the Nashville,
Tennessee metropolitan market. 

Under the terms of the transaction, each share of Franklin Financial common stock was
exchanged for .5933 shares of the Bancorp’s common stock, resulting in the issuance of 5.1 million shares of common stock. The common stock issued to effect the transaction was valued at $55.52 per share for a total transaction value of
$317 million. The total purchase price also included the fair value of stock-based awards issued in exchange for stock-based awards held by Franklin employees, for which the aggregate fair value was $36 million. 

The assets and liabilities of Franklin Financial were recorded on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheet at their respective fair values as of the
closing date. The results of Franklin Financial’s operations were included in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Statements of Income from the date of acquisition. The transaction resulted in total intangible assets of $281 million based upon the
purchase price, the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and applicable purchase accounting adjustments. Of this total intangibles amount, $7 million was allocated to core deposit intangibles, $6 million was allocated to
customer lists and $2 million was allocated to noncompete agreements. The core deposit intangible and the customer lists are being amortized using an accelerated method over seven and five years, respectively. The noncompete agreements are being
amortized using the straight-line method over the duration of the agreements. The remaining $266 million of intangible assets was recorded as goodwill and is not being amortized. Goodwill recognized in the Franklin Financial acquisition is not
deductible for income tax purposes. 

The pro forma effect of the financial results of First National and Franklin Financial
included in the results of operations subsequent to the date of acquisition were not material to the Bancorp’s financial condition and operating results for the periods presented. 

26. CERTAIN REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AND CAPITAL RATIOS 

 The principal source of income
and funds for the Bancorp (parent company) are dividends from its subsidiaries. During 2006, the amount of dividends the bank subsidiaries could pay to the Bancorp without prior approval of regulatory agencies was limited to their 2006 eligible net
profits, as defined, and the adjusted retained 2005 and 2004 net income of those subsidiaries. 

The Bancorp’s
subsidiary banks must maintain cash reserve balances when total reservable deposit liabilities are greater than the regulatory exemption. These reserve requirements may be satisfied with vault cash and noninterest-bearing cash balances on reserve
with a Federal Reserve Bank. In 2006 and 2005, the subsidiary banks were required to maintain average cash reserve balances of $289 million and $211 million, respectively. 

The FRB adopted guidelines pursuant to which it assesses the adequacy of capital in examining and supervising a bank holding company and in analyzing applications to it under the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended. These guidelines include quantitative measures that assign risk weightings to assets and off-balance sheet items, as well as define and set minimum regulatory capital requirements. All bank holding companies are
required to maintain core capital (Tier I) of at least 4% of risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items (Tier I capital ratio), total capital of at least 8% of risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items (Total risk- based capital ratio)
and Tier I capital of at least 3% of adjusted quarterly average assets (Tier I leverage ratio). Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate certain actions by regulators that could have a direct material effect on the Consolidated
Financial Statements of the Bancorp. 

Tier I capital consists principally of shareholders’ equity including Tier I
qualifying subordinated debt but excluding unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities and unrecognized pension actuarial gains and losses and prior service cost, less goodwill and certain other intangibles. Tier II capital consists
principally of perpetual and trust preferred stock that is not eligible to be included as Tier I capital, term subordinated debt, intermediate-term preferred stock and, 

subject to limitations, general allowances for loan and lease losses. Assets are adjusted under the risk-based guidelines to take into account different risk
characteristics. Average assets for this purpose does not include goodwill and any other intangible assets and investments that the FRB determines should be deducted from Tier I capital. 

Both the FRB and the Office of Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) have issued regulations regarding the capital adequacy of
subsidiary banks. These requirements are substantially similar to those adopted by the FRB regarding bank holding companies, as described above. In addition, the federal banking agencies have issued substantially similar regulations to implement the
system of prompt corrective action established by Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Under the regulations, a bank generally shall be deemed to be well-capitalized if it has a Total risk-based capital ratio of 10% or more, a Tier
I capital ratio of 6% or more, a Tier I leverage ratio of 5% or more and is not subject to any written capital order or directive. If an institution becomes undercapitalized, it would become subject to significant additional oversight, regulations
and requirements as mandated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The Bancorp and each of its subsidiary banks had Tier I, Total risk-based capital and Tier I leverage ratios above the well-capitalized levels at December 31, 2006 and 2005. As
of December 31, 2006, the most recent notification from the FRB categorized the Bancorp and each of its subsidiary banks as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To continue to qualify for financial
holding company status pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, the Bancorp’s subsidiary banks must, among other things, maintain “well capitalized” capital ratios. 

U.S. bank regulatory authorities and international bank supervisory organizations, principally the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision,
are currently considering changes to the risk-based capital adequacy framework for banks, including emphasis on credit, market and operational risk components, which ultimately could affect the appropriate capital guidelines for bank holding
companies such as the Bancorp. 

80    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Capital and risk-based capital and leverage ratios for the Bancorp and its
significant subsidiary banks at December 31: 

2006

2005

 ($ in millions)

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

 Total risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets):

 Fifth Third Bancorp (Consolidated)

$

11,385

11.07

%

$

10,240

10.42

%

 Fifth Third Bank (Ohio)

6,573

12.82

6,237

12.61

 Fifth Third Bank (Michigan)

5,814

11.41

5,352

10.98

 Fifth Third Bank, N.A.

216

11.78

177

12.05

 Tier I capital (to risk-weighted assets):

 Fifth Third Bancorp (Consolidated)

8,625

8.39

8,209

8.35

 Fifth Third Bank (Ohio)

5,336

10.41

4,973

10.05

 Fifth Third Bank (Michigan)

5,341

10.48

4,922

10.10

 Fifth Third Bank, N.A.

203

11.07

167

11.33

 Tier I leverage (to average assets):

 Fifth Third Bancorp (Consolidated)

8,625

8.44

8,209

8.08

 Fifth Third Bank (Ohio)

5,336

9.53

4,973

8.77

 Fifth Third Bank (Michigan)

5,341

11.30

4,922

10.75

 Fifth Third Bank, N.A.

203

12.52

167

12.24

27. PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ($ in millions)

 Condensed Statements of Income (Parent Company Only)

 For the years ended December 31

2006

2005

2004

 Income

 Dividends from subsidiaries

$605

1,270

682

 Interest on loans to subsidiaries

46

32

32

 Other

2

1

1

 Total income

653

1,303

715

 Expenses

 Interest

120

77

15

 Other

22

23

9

 Total expenses

142

100

24

 Income Before Income Taxes and Change in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries

511

1,203

691

 Applicable income taxes

(35)

(25)

1

 Income Before Change in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries

546

1,228

690

 Increase in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

642

321

835

 Net Income

$1,188

1,549

1,525

 Condensed Balance Sheets (Parent Company Only)

 As of December 31

2006

2005

 Assets

 Cash

$909

666

 Loans to subsidiaries

636

529

 Investment in subsidiaries

11,735

10,753

 Goodwill

137

137

 Other assets

37

36

 Total assets

$13,454

12,121

 Liabilities

 Commercial paper

$7

2

 Accrued expenses and other liabilities

259

242

 Long-term debt

3,166

2,431

 Total Liabilities

3,432

2,675

 Shareholders’ Equity

10,022

9,446

 Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

$13,454

$12,121

 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Parent Company Only)

 For the years ended December 31

2006

2005

2004

 Operating Activities

 Net income

$1,188

1,549

1,525

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

 Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes

1

(1)

(1)

 Increase in other assets

(1)

(4)

(24)

 Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities

17

(29)

(84)

 Increase in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

(642)

(321)

(835)

 Other, net

(14)

1

-

 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities

549

1,195

581

 Investing Activities

 Capital contribution to subsidiaries

(25)

-

-

 (Increase) decrease in loans to subsidiaries

(107)

1,811

(759)

 Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities

(132)

1,811

(759)

 Financing Activities

 Increase (decrease) in other short-term borrowings

5

(26)

24

 Repayment of long-term debt

(13)

-

-

 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

748

-

1,749

 Payment of cash dividends

(867)

(794)

(704)

 Exercise of stock-based awards

43

96

89

 Purchases of treasury stock

(82)

(1,649)

(987)

 Other

(8)

-

-

 Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities

(174)

(2,373)

171

 Increase (Decrease) in Cash

243

633

(7)

 Cash at Beginning of Year

666

33

40

 Cash at End of Year

$909

666

33

Fifth Third Bancorp    81 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

28. SEGMENTS 

 The Bancorp’s principal activities include Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, Investment Advisors and Processing Solutions. During
the first quarter of 2006, the Bancorp began reporting its Retail line of business as two business segments, Branch Banking and Consumer Lending. All prior year information has been updated to reflect this presentation. Commercial Banking offers
banking, cash management and financial services to large and middle-market businesses, government and professional customers. Branch Banking provides a full range of deposit and loans and lease products to individuals and small businesses through
retail locations. Consumer Lending includes the Bancorp’s mortgage, home equity and other indirect lending activities. Investment Advisors provides a full range of investment alternatives for individuals, companies and not-for-profit
organizations. Processing Solutions provides electronic funds transfer, debit, credit and merchant transaction processing, operates the Jeanie®

 ATM network and provides other data processing services to affiliated and unaffiliated customers. The Other/Eliminations column includes the
unallocated portion of the investment portfolio, certain non-deposit funding, unassigned equity and certain support activities and other items not attributed to the business segments. 

Results of the Bancorp’s business segments are presented based on its management structure and management accounting practices. The
structure and practices are specific to the Bancorp; therefore, the financial results of the Bancorp’s business segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other financial institutions. The Bancorp refines its
methodologies from time to time as management accounting practices are improved and businesses change. Revisions to the Bancorp’s methodologies are applied on a retroactive basis. During the fourth quarter of 2006, the Bancorp changed the
application of the provision for loan and lease losses to the segments to include only actual net charge-offs. 

 The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the corporate level by employing a funds transfer pricing (“FTP”)
methodology. This methodology insulates the business segments from interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus on servicing customers through loan originations and deposit taking. The FTP system assigns charge rates and credit rates to classes
of assets and liabilities, respectively, based on expected duration. During 2006, the Bancorp made certain changes to the average duration of indeterminate-lived deposits and corresponding changes to the FTP crediting rates assigned to those
deposits. This change more closely aligns the crediting rates to the expected economic benefit while continuing to insulate the segments from interest rate volatility. Prior year results are restated and presented on a comparable basis. The net
impact of the FTP methodology is included in Other/Eliminations. 

The financial results of the business segments include
allocations for shared services and headquarter expenses. Even with these allocations, the financial results are not necessarily indicative of the business segments’ financial condition and results of operations as if they were to exist as
independent entities. Additionally, the business segments form synergies by taking advantage of cross-sell opportunities and when funding operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit. The financial information for each segment is
reported on the basis used internally by the Bancorp’s management to evaluate performance and allocate resources. The allocation has been consistently applied for all periods presented. Revenues from affiliated transactions are typically
charged at rates available to and transacted with unaffiliated customers. Results of operations and average assets by segment for each of the three years ended December 31 are: 

 ($ in millions)

 Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

 Investment

Advisors

ProcessingSolutions

 Other/

Eliminations

Total

 2006

 Net interest income (a)

$1,254

1,290

380

125

33

(183)

2,899

 Provision for loan and lease losses

105

101

94

3

10

30

343

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses

1,149

1,189

286

122

23

(213)

2,556

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing revenue

13

195

-

1

694

(46)

857

 Service charges on deposits

147

358

-

7

5

-

517

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

5

148

2

-

-

155

 Investment advisory revenue

3

87

-

367

-

(90)

367

 Corporate banking revenue

304

12

-

2

1

(1)

318

 Other noninterest income

48

106

78

7

4

57

300

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

-

-

78

(442)

(364)

 Securities gains, net – non qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing
rights

-

-

3

-

-

-

3

 Total noninterest income

515

763

229

386

782

(522)

2,153

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, wages and incentives

196

353

68

143

58

356

1,174

 Employee benefits

44

98

33

29

13

75

292

 Equipment expense

2

32

1

1

10

76

122

 Net occupancy expense

14

121

8

10

3

89

245

 Other noninterest expense

505

468

193

200

443

(586)

1,223

 Total noninterest expense

761

1,072

303

383

527

10

3,056

 Income before income taxes and cumulative effect

903

880

212

125

278

(745)

1,653

 Applicable income taxes (a)

252

310

75

44

98

(310)

469

 Income before cumulative effect

651

570

137

81

180

(435)

1,184

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

4

4

 Net income

$651

570

137

81

180

(431)

1,188

 Average assets

$36,037

42,852

21,883

5,519

1,235

(2,288)

105,238

 (a)

 Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $26 million. 

82    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ($ in millions)

 Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

 Investment

Advisors

ProcessingSolutions

 Other/

Eliminations

Total

 2005

 Net interest income (a)

$1,190

1,251

397

131

28

(1)

2,996

 Provision for loan and lease losses

97

91

90

4

18

30

330

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses

1,093

1,160

307

127

10

(31)

2,666

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing revenue

13

164

-

1

612

(42)

748

 Service charges on deposits

153

359

-

7

5

(2)

522

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

5

165

2

-

2

174

 Investment advisory revenue

3

86

-

360

-

(91)

358

 Corporate banking revenue

287

13

-

2

1

(4)

299

 Other noninterest income

38

89

125

4

15

89

360

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

-

-

-

39

39

 Total noninterest income

494

716

290

376

633

(9)

2,500

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, wages and incentives

194

355

66

141

44

333

1,133

 Employee benefits

45

101

32

29

9

67

283

 Equipment expense

1

28

1

1

3

71

105

 Net occupancy expense

12

109

7

8

3

82

221

 Other noninterest expense

465

437

244

206

403

(570)

1,185

 Total noninterest expense

717

1,030

350

385

462

(17)

2,927

 Income before income taxes

870

846

247

118

181

(23)

2,239

 Applicable income taxes (a)

256

298

87

42

64

(57)

690

 Net income

$614

548

160

76

117

34

1,549

 Average assets

$32,247

40,291

20,238

4,569

1,140

4,391

102,876

 (a)

 Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $31 million. 

 ($ in millions)

 Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

 Investment

Advisors

ProcessingSolutions

 Other/

Eliminations

 Acquisitions

(b)

Total

 2004

 Net interest income (a)

$1,104

1,247

421

129

29

298

(180)

3,048

 Provision for loan and lease losses

82

70

84

2

10

26

(6)

268

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses

1,022

1,177

337

127

19

272

(174)

2,780

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing revenue

9

132

-

-

524

(34)

-

631

 Service charges on deposits

155

365

-

7

4

3

(19)

515

 Mortgage banking net revenue

5

5

167

1

-

-

-

178

 Investment advisory revenue

5

86

-

367

-

(95)

-

363

 Corporate banking revenue

217

11

-

5

1

(6)

-

228

 Other noninterest income

18

83

227

6

168

109

(24)

587

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

-

-

-

(37)

-

(37)

 Total noninterest income

409

682

394

386

697

(60)

(43)

2,465

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, wages and incentives

159

310

75

122

42

408

(98)

1,018

 Employee benefits

37

88

27

26

8

76

(1)

261

 Equipment expense

1

29

2

1

4

48

(1)

84

 Net occupancy expense

10

99

6

8

3

85

(26)

185

 Other noninterest expense

403

393

301

211

350

(188)

(46)

1,424

 Total noninterest expense

610

919

411

368

407

429

(172)

2,972

 Income before income taxes

821

940

320

145

309

(217)

(45)

2,273

 Applicable income taxes (a)

258

320

109

49

105

(60)

(33)

748

 Net income

$563

620

211

96

204

(157)

(12)

1,525

 Average assets

$28,377

38,987

18,831

3,881

998

9,498

(5,676)

94,896

 (a)

 Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $36 million. 

 (b)

 In acquisitions accounted for under the purchase method, management “pools” historical results to improve comparability with the current period. The
adjusted results of First National (excluding the divested First National insurance business) have been included in the segments and are eliminated in the Acquisitions column. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    83 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2006 

Commission file number 0-8076 

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP 

Incorporated in the State of Ohio 

I.R.S. Employer Identification #31-0854434 

Address: 38 Fountain Square Plaza 

Cincinnati, Ohio 45263 

Telephone: (513) 534-5300 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: Common Stock Without Par Value 

Name of exchange on which registered: 

The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes: x No: 

¨

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes: 
¨
 No: x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes: x No: 

¨

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation
S-K(§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. 
¨

Indicate by
check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of “accelerated filer and large accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer: x 

Accelerated filer: 
¨

Non-accelerated filer: 
¨

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes: 
¨

No: x 

There were 556,314,458 shares of the Bancorp’s Common Stock, without par value, outstanding
as of January 31, 2007. The Aggregate Market Value of the Voting Stock held by non-affiliates of the Bancorp was $17,609,835,370 as of June 30, 2006. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

This report incorporates into a single document the requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) with respect to annual reports on Form 10-K and annual reports to shareholders. The Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2007 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference
into Part III of this report. 

Only those sections of this 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders that are specified in this Cross Reference
Index constitute part of the Registrant’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. No other information contained in this 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders shall be deemed to constitute any part of this Form 10-K nor shall any such
information be incorporated into the Form 10-K and shall not be deemed “filed” as part of the Registrant’s Form 10-K. 

 10-K Cross Reference Index 

 PART I

 Item 1.

 Business

19-20, 85-88

 Employees

29

 Segment Information

31-33, 82-83

 Average Balance Sheets

26

 Analysis of Net Interest Income and Net Interest Income Changes

25-27

 Investment Securities Portfolio

36-37, 59-60

 Loan and Lease Portfolio

35, 61

 Risk Elements of Loan and Lease Portfolio

39-44

 Deposits

37,45

 Return on Equity and Assets

18

 Short-term Borrowings

37, 65



22-24