20

 Statements of Income Analysis

24

 Business Segment Review

30

 Fourth Quarter Review

35

 Balance Sheet Analysis

37

 Risk Management

41

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

52

 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments

53

 Management’s Assessment as to the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial
Reporting

54

 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

55

 Financial Statements

 Consolidated Balance Sheets

56

 Consolidated Statements of Income

57

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity

58

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

59

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

 Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies

60

 Business Combinations and Asset Acquisitions

66

 Restrictions on Cash and Dividends

67

 Securities

67

 Loans and Leases and Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses

68

 Loans Acquired in a Transfer

70

 Bank Premises and Equipment

70

 Goodwill

71

 Intangible Assets

71

 Sales of Receivables and Servicing Rights

72

 Derivatives

75

 Other Assets

79

 Short-Term Borrowings

79

 Long-Term Debt 

80

 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees

81

 Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

83

 Related Party Transactions

84

 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

85

 Common, Preferred and Treasury Stock

86

 Stock-Based Compensation

87

 Other Noninterest Income and Other Noninterest Expense

89

 Income Taxes

89

 Retirement and Benefit Plans

91

 Earnings Per Share

92

 Fair Value Measurements

93

 Certain Regulatory Requirements and Capital Ratios

97

 Parent Company Financial Statements

98

 Segments

99

 Annual Report on Form 10-K

101

 Consolidated Ten Year Comparison

115

 Directors and Officers

116

 Corporate Information

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report may contain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third Bancorp and/or the company as combined acquired entities within the meaning of Sections 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Rule 175 promulgated thereunder, and 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder, that involve inherent risks and uncertainties. This report may contain certain forward-looking statements
with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of Fifth Third Bancorp and/or the combined company including statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words or phrases
such as “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “trend,” “objective,” “continue,” “remain” or similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as
“will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “might,” “can,” “may” or similar expressions. There are a number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially from
historical performance and these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) general economic conditions and weakening in the economy, specifically the real estate market, either
national or in the states in which Fifth Third, one or more acquired entities and/or the combined company do business, are less favorable than expected; (2) deteriorating credit quality; (3) political developments, wars or other
hostilities may disrupt or increase volatility in securities markets or other economic conditions; (4) changes in the interest rate environment reduce interest margins; (5) prepayment speeds, loan origination and sale volumes, charge-offs
and loan loss provisions; (6) Fifth Third’s ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and liquidity; (7) maintaining capital requirements may limit Fifth Third’s operations and potential growth;
(8) changes and trends in capital markets; (9) problems encountered by larger or similar financial institutions may adversely affect the banking industry and/or Fifth Third (10) competitive pressures among depository institutions
increase significantly; (11) effects of critical accounting policies and judgments; (12) changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) or other regulatory agencies;
(13) legislative or regulatory changes or actions, or significant litigation, adversely affect Fifth Third, one or more acquired entities and/or the combined company or the businesses in which Fifth Third, one or more acquired entities and/or
the combined company are engaged; (14) ability to maintain favorable ratings from rating agencies; (15) fluctuation of Fifth Third’s stock price; (16) ability to attract and retain key personnel; (17) ability to receive
dividends from its subsidiaries; (18) potentially dilutive effect of future acquisitions on current shareholders’ ownership of Fifth Third; (19) effects of accounting or financial results of one or more acquired entities;
(20) difficulties in combining the operations of acquired entities; (21) lower than expected gains related to any potential sale of businesses; (22) loss of income from any potential sale of businesses that could have an adverse
effect on Fifth Third’s earnings and future growth; (23) ability to secure confidential information through the use of computer systems and telecommunications networks; and (24) the impact of reputational risk created by these
developments on such matters as business generation and retention, funding and liquidity. Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to release revisions to these forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report.

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

The following is management’s discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have
affected Fifth Third Bancorp’s (the “Bancorp” or “Fifth Third) financial condition and results of operations during the periods included in the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are a part of this report. Reference to the
Bancorp incorporates the parent holding company and all consolidated subsidiaries. 

TABLE 1: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except per share
data)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income (a)

$3,536

3,033

2,899

2,996

3,048

 Noninterest income

2,946

2,467

2,012

2,374

2,355

 Total revenue (a)

6,482

5,500

4,911

5,370

5,403

 Provision for loan and lease losses

4,560

628

343

330

268

 Noninterest expense

4,564

3,311

2,915

2,801

2,863

 Net income (loss)

(2,113)

1,076

1,188

1,549

1,525

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders

(2,180)

1,075

1,188

1,548

1,524

 Common Share Data

 Earnings per share, basic

$(3.94)

2.00

2.14

2.79

2.72

 Earnings per share, diluted

(3.94)

1.99

2.13

2.77

2.68

 Cash dividends per common share

.75

1.70

1.58

1.46

1.31

 Book value per share

13.57

17.18

18.00

16.98

15.99

 Financial Ratios

 Return on assets

(1.85)

%

1.05

1.13

1.50

1.61

 Return on average common equity

(23.0)

11.2

12.1

16.6

17.2

 Average equity as a percent of average assets

8.78

9.35

9.32

9.06

9.34

 Tangible equity

7.86

6.05

7.79

6.87

8.35

 Tangible common equity

4.23

6.14

7.95

7.22

8.50

 Net interest margin (a)

3.54

3.36

3.06

3.23

3.48

 Efficiency (a)

70.4

60.2

59.4

52.1

53.0

 Credit Quality

 Net losses charged off

$2,710

462

316

299

252

 Net losses charged off as a percent of average loans and leases

3.23

%

.61

.44

.45

.45

 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of loans and leases

3.31

1.17

1.04

1.06

1.19

 Allowance for credit losses as a percent of loans and leases (b)

3.54

1.29

1.14

1.16

1.31

 Nonperforming assets as a percent of loans, leases and other assets, including other real estate owned
(c)

2.96

1.32

.61

.52

.51

 Average Balances

 Loans and leases, including held for sale

$85,835

78,348

73,493

67,737

57,042

 Total securities and other short-term investments

14,045

11,994

21,288

24,999

30,597

 Total assets

114,296

102,477

105,238

102,876

94,896

 Transaction deposits (d)

52,584

50,987

49,678

48,177

43,260

 Core deposits (e)

63,719

61,765

60,178

56,668

49,468

 Wholesale funding (f)

36,357

27,254

31,691

33,615

33,629

 Shareholders’ equity

10,038

9,583

9,811

9,317

8,860

 Regulatory Capital Ratios

 Tier I capital

10.59

%

7.72

8.39

8.35

10.31

 Total risk-based capital

14.78

10.16

11.07

10.42

12.31

 Tier I leverage

10.27

8.50

8.44

8.08

8.89

(a)

Amounts presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis (FTE). The taxable equivalent adjustments for years ending December 31, 2008, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004 were $22
million, $24 million, $26 million, $31 million and $36 million, respectively. 

(b)

The allowance for credit losses is the sum of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded commitments. 

(c)

Excludes nonaccrual loans held for sale. 

(d)

Includes demand, interest checking, savings, money market and foreign office deposits. 

(e)

Includes transaction deposits plus other time deposits. 

(f)

Includes certificates $100,000 and over, other foreign office deposits, federal funds purchased, short-term borrowings and long-term debt. 

TABLE 2: QUARTERLY INFORMATION (unaudited)

2008

2007

 For the three months ended ($ in millions, except per share data)

12/31

9/30

6/30

3/31

12/31

9/30

6/30

3/31

 Net interest income (FTE)

$897

1,068

744

826

785

760

745

742

 Provision for loan and lease losses

2,356

941

719

544

284

139

121

84

 Noninterest income

642

717

722

864

509

681

669

608

 Noninterest expense

2,022

967

858

715

940

853

765

753

 Net income (loss)

(2,142)

(56)

(202)

286

16

325

376

359

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders

(2,184)

(81)

(202)

286

16

325

376

359

 Earnings per share, basic

(3.82)

(.14)

(.37)

.54

.03

.61

.69

.65

 Earnings per share, diluted

(3.82)

(.14)

(.37)

.54

.03

.61

.69

.65

 14

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW 

 This overview of management’s discussion and analysis highlights selected information in the financial results of the Bancorp and may not contain all
of the information that is important to you. For a more complete understanding of trends, events, commitments, uncertainties, liquidity, capital resources and critical accounting policies and estimates, you should carefully read this entire
document. Each of these items could have an impact on the Bancorp’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The Bancorp is a diversified financial services company headquartered in
Cincinnati, Ohio. At December 31, 2008, the Bancorp had $119.8 billion in assets, operated 18 affiliates with 1,307 full-service Banking Centers including 92 Bank Mart®
 locations open
seven days a week inside select grocery stores and 2,341 Jeanie
®
 ATMs in the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United States. The Bancorp reports on five business segments:
Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, Fifth Third Processing Solutions (FTPS) and Investment Advisors. 

The Bancorp believes that banking is first and foremost a relationship business where the strength of the competition and challenges for growth can vary in every market. Its affiliate-operating model provides a competitive advantage by
keeping the decisions close to the customer and by emphasizing individual relationships. Through its affiliate-operating model, individual managers from the banking center to the executive level are given the opportunity to tailor financial
solutions for their customers. 

The Bancorp’s revenues are dependent on both net interest income and noninterest
income. For the year ended December 31, 2008, net interest income, on a fully taxable equivalent (FTE) basis, and noninterest income provided 55% and 45% of total revenue, respectively. Changes in interest rates, credit quality, economic trends
and the capital markets are primary factors that drive the performance of the Bancorp. As discussed later in the Risk Management section, risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting are important to the management of risk and
to the financial performance and capital strength of the Bancorp. 

Net interest income is the difference between interest
income earned on assets such as loans, leases and securities, and interest expense incurred on liabilities such as deposits, short-term borrowings and long-term debt. Net interest income is affected by the general level of interest rates, the
relative level of short-term and long-term interest rates, changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Generally, the rates of interest the Bancorp earns on its
assets and pays on its liabilities are established for a period of time. The change in market interest rates over time exposes the Bancorp to interest rate risk through potential adverse changes to net interest income and financial position. The
Bancorp manages this risk by continually analyzing and adjusting the composition of its assets and liabilities based on their payment streams and interest rates, the timing of their maturities and their sensitivity to changes in market interest
rates. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp enters into certain derivative transactions as part of its overall strategy to manage its interest rate and prepayment risks. The Bancorp is also exposed to the risk of losses on
its loan and lease portfolio as a result of changing expected cash flows caused by loan defaults and inadequate collateral due to a weakening economy within the Bancorp’s footprint. 

Net interest income, net interest margin and the efficiency ratio are presented in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations on an FTE basis. The FTE basis adjusts for the tax-favored status of income from certain loans and securities held by the Bancorp that are not 

taxable for federal income tax purposes. The Bancorp believes this presentation to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income as it
provides a relevant comparison between taxable and non-taxable amounts. 

Noninterest income is derived primarily from
electronic funds transfer (EFT) and merchant transaction processing fees, card interchange, fiduciary and investment management fees, corporate banking revenue, service charges on deposits and mortgage banking revenue. Noninterest expense is
primarily driven by personnel costs and occupancy expenses, in addition to expenses incurred in the processing of credit and debit card transactions for its customers and merchant and financial institution clients. 

On May 2, 2008, the Bancorp completed the purchase of nine branches located in Atlanta and deposits of $114 million from First
Horizon National Corporation (First Horizon). On June 6, 2008, the Bancorp completed its acquisition of First Charter Corporation (First Charter), a regional financial services company with assets of $4.8 billion that operated 57 branches in
North Carolina and 2 in suburban Atlanta, paying $31.00 per First Charter share, or approximately $1.1 billion. On October 31, 2008, the Bancorp assumed approximately $257 million of deposits from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(FDIC) acting as receiver for Freedom Bank in Bradenton, Florida. 

Earnings Summary 

During 2008, the Bancorp continued to be affected by the economic slowdown and market disruptions. The Bancorp’s net loss was $2.2 billion, or $3.94
per diluted share, which included $67 million in preferred stock dividends. Net income was $1.1 billion, or $1.99 per diluted share, for 2007. Results for both years reflect a number of significant items. 

Items affecting 2008 include: 

•

 $965 million of noninterest expense due to a goodwill impairment charge reflecting the decline in estimated fair values of certain of the Bancorp’s business
reporting units below their carrying values and the determination that the implied fair values of the reporting units were less than their carrying values; 

•

 $339 million and $19 million of net interest income due to the accretion of purchase accounting adjustments related to loans and deposits, respectively, from
acquisitions during 2008; 

•

 $273 million of other noninterest income related to the redemption of a portion of Fifth Third’s ownership interests in Visa, Inc. (Visa) and $99 million in
net reductions to noninterest expense to reflect the recognition of the Bancorp’s proportional share of the Visa escrow account, partially offset by additional charges for probable future Visa litigation settlements;

•

 $229 million after-tax impact of charges relating to a change in the projected timing of cash flows relating to income taxes for certain leveraged leases. This
charge consisted of approximately $130 million pre-tax, reflected as a reduction in interest income, and an increase of approximately $140 million in tax expense required for interest; 

•

 $215 million reduction to other noninterest income to reflect the lower cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI)
policies; 

•

 $104 million reduction to noninterest income due to other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) charges on Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA) and Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC) preferred stock and certain bank trust preferred securities; 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 15

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

•

 $76 million of other noninterest income, partially offset by $36 million in related litigation expense, due to the successful resolution of a court case related
to goodwill created in the 1998 acquisition of CitFed (the CitFed litigation); and 

•

 Preferred stock dividends increased from $1 million to $67 million in 2008 due to the issuance of Series G preferred stock in the second quarter of 2008 and
repurchase of Series D and Series E preferred stock in the fourth quarter of 2008. The repurchase of Series D and Series E preferred stock resulted in preferred stock dividends of $19 million, which was the amount of the repurchase price in excess
of the par value of the preferred stock. 

For comparison purposes, items affecting 2007 include: 

•

 $177 million reduction to other noninterest income to reflect the lower cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies;

•

 $172 million of other noninterest expense relating to the indemnification of estimated current and future Visa litigation settlements;

•

 $16 million of noninterest income from the sale of non-strategic credit card accounts; and 

•

 $15 million of other noninterest income from the sale of FDIC deposit insurance credits. 

Net interest income (FTE) increased to $3.5 billion, from $3.0 billion in 2007. The primary reason for the 17% increase in net interest
income was an 11% increase in average interest-earning assets. Additionally, the benefit from the accretion of purchase accounting adjustments related to the second quarter acquisition of First Charter, totaling $358 million, was largely offset by
$130 million in charges relating to leveraged leases and the cost of carrying higher balances of nonaccrual loans and leases. Net interest margin was 3.54% in 2008, an increase of 18 basis points (bp) from 2007. 

Noninterest income increased 19%, from $2.5 billion to $2.9 billion, in 2008. The increase in noninterest income was impacted by a $273
million gain related to the redemption of a portion of Fifth Third’s ownership interests in Visa, offset by $104 million due to OTTI charges on FNMA and FHLMC preferred stock and certain bank trust preferred securities. Growth occurred in
several categories compared to 2007. Electronic payment processing revenue increased 11% due to higher transaction volumes. Service charges on deposits grew 11% due to decreased earnings credits and higher customer activity. Corporate banking
revenue increased 21% as the Bancorp realized growth from the buildout of its suite of commercial products in 2007. Mortgage banking net revenue increased 50% due to higher sales margins, increased volume of portfolio loans sold and the impact of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 159, “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities - Including an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115”. 

Noninterest expense increased $1.3 billion compared to 2007. Noninterest expense in 2008 included $965 million of noninterest expense
due to a goodwill impairment charge, the aforementioned $99 million reduction to expenses related to Visa litigation reserves and Visa’s funding of an escrow account, $65 million increases in salaries and benefits from the 

adoption of SFAS No. 159, and $36 million in litigation expense due to the successful resolution of the CitFed litigation. Noninterest expense in 2007
included $172 million related to the indemnification of estimated current and future Visa litigation settlements. The growth in noninterest expense can also be attributed to increased FDIC insurance due to the depletion of the Bancorp’s prior
FDIC insurance premium credits in 2008, a higher provision for unfunded commitments, increases in the credit component of fair value marks on counterparty derivatives, increases in loan and lease processing costs from higher collection activities
over the past year and increased volume-related processing expenses. 

The Bancorp does not originate subprime mortgage
loans, does not hold credit default swaps and does not hold asset-backed securities backed by subprime mortgage loans in its securities portfolio. However, the Bancorp has exposure to disruptions in the capital markets and weakening economic
conditions. The housing markets continued to weaken during 2008, particularly in the upper Midwest and Florida. Additionally, economic conditions deteriorated throughout 2008, putting significant stress on the Bancorp’s commercial and consumer
loan portfolios. Consequently, the provision for loan and lease losses increased to $4.6 billion for the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to $628 million during 2007. Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases were 3.23% in
2008 compared to .61% in 2007. At December 31, 2008, nonperforming assets as a percent of loans, leases and other assets, including other real estate owned (excluding nonaccrual loans held for sale) increased to 2.96% from 1.32% at
December 31, 2007. During the fourth quarter of 2008, the Bancorp sold or transferred to held-for-sale $1.3 billion in carrying value of commercial loans and incurred $800 million in charge-offs on those loans, in order to address some of the
more problematic loan portfolios, specifically real estate loans in Florida and Michigan. Refer to the Credit Risk Management section in Management’s Discussion and Analysis for more information on credit quality. 

In response to the current economic operating environment and uncertain future trends, the Bancorp took actions to strengthen its
capital position in 2008. During the second quarter of 2008, management raised its capital target to an eight to nine percent Tier 1 capital ratio and issued approximately $1.0 billion in Tier 1 capital in the form of convertible preferred shares.
During 2008, the Bancorp reduced its common dividend due to the outlook for a continued negative credit environment, preserving over $580 million of capital in 2008 relative to the prior level, and nearly $1.0 billion in 2009. On December 31,
2008, the Bancorp received $3.4 billion as part of the U.S. Department of Treasury (U.S Treasury) Capital Purchase Program (CPP) and issued senior preferred stock and ten-year warrants under the terms of the program - impacting the Bancorp’s
Tier 1 capital ratio and total risk-based capital ratio by approximately 3.00%. The Bancorp’s capital ratios exceed the “well-capitalized” guidelines as defined by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (FRB). As of
December 31, 2008, the Tier 1 capital ratio was 10.59%, the Tier 1 leverage ratio was 10.27% and the total risk-based capital ratio was 14.78%. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

 Note 1 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements provides a discussion of the significant new accounting standards adopted by the Bancorp during 2008 and 2007 and the expected impact of significant accounting standards issued, but not yet required to be adopted.

 16

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 The Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. Certain accounting policies require management to exercise judgment in determining methodologies, economic assumptions and estimates that may materially affect the value of the Bancorp’s assets or liabilities and results of operations
and cash flows. The Bancorp has six critical accounting policies, which include the accounting for allowance for loan and lease losses, reserve for unfunded commitments, income taxes, valuation of servicing rights, fair value measurements and
goodwill. No material changes have been made during the year ended December 31, 2008 to the valuation techniques or models described below. 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

The Bancorp maintains an allowance to absorb probable loan and lease losses
inherent in the portfolio. The allowance is maintained at a level the Bancorp considers to be adequate and is based on ongoing quarterly assessments and evaluations of the collectibility and historical loss experience of loans and leases. Credit
losses are charged and recoveries are credited to the allowance. Provisions for loan and lease losses are based on the Bancorp’s review of the historical credit loss experience and such factors that, in management’s judgment, deserve
consideration under existing economic conditions in estimating probable credit losses. In determining the appropriate level of the allowance, the Bancorp estimates losses using a range derived from “base” and “conservative”
estimates. The Bancorp’s strategy for credit risk management includes a combination of conservative exposure limits significantly below legal lending limits and conservative underwriting, documentation and collections standards. The strategy
also emphasizes diversification on a geographic, industry and customer level, regular credit examinations and quarterly management reviews of large credit exposures and loans experiencing deterioration of credit quality. 

Larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weakness are subject to individual review. When individual loans are
impaired, allowances are determined based on management’s estimate of the borrower’s ability to repay the loan given the availability of collateral and other sources of cash flow, as well as an evaluation of legal options available to the
Bancorp. The review of individual loans includes those loans that are impaired as provided in SFAS No. 114, “Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan.” Any allowances for impaired loans are measured based on the present value
of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, the fair value of the underlying collateral or readily observable secondary market values. The Bancorp evaluates the collectibility of both principal and interest
when assessing the need for a loss accrual. Historical loss rates are applied to commercial loans that are not impaired or are impaired but smaller than an established threshold and thus not subject to specific allowance allocations. The loss rates
are derived from a migration analysis, which tracks the historical net charge-off experience sustained on loans according to their internal risk grade. The risk grading system currently utilized for allowance analysis purposes encompasses ten
categories. 

Homogenous loans and leases, such as consumer installment and residential mortgage loans, are not
individually risk graded. Rather, standard credit scoring systems and delinquency monitoring are used to assess credit risks. Allowances are established for each pool of loans based on the expected net charge-offs. Loss rates are based on the
average net charge-off history by loan category. Historical loss rates for commercial and consumer loans may be adjusted for significant factors that, in management’s judgment, are necessary to reflect 

losses inherent in the portfolio. Factors that management considers in the analysis include the effects of the national and local economies; trends in the
nature and volume of delinquencies, charge-offs and nonaccrual loans; changes in loan mix; credit score migration comparisons; asset quality trends; risk management and loan administration; changes in the internal lending policies and credit
standards; collection practices; and examination results from bank regulatory agencies and the Bancorp’s internal credit examiners. 

The Bancorp’s current methodology for determining the allowance for loan and lease losses is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on impaired commercial credits above
specified thresholds and other qualitative adjustments. Allowances on individual loans and historical loss rates are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as necessary based on changing borrower and/or collateral conditions and actual collection and
charge-off experience. An unallocated allowance is maintained to recognize the imprecision in estimating and measuring loss when evaluating allowances for individual loans or pools of loans. 

Loans acquired by the Bancorp through a purchase business combination are evaluated for credit impairment at acquisition. Reductions to
the carrying value of the acquired loans as a result of credit impairment are recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. The Bancorp does not carry over the acquired company’s allowance for loan and lease losses, nor does the Bancorp add to its
existing allowance for the acquired loans as part of purchase accounting. 

The Bancorp’s determination of the
allowance for commercial loans is sensitive to the risk grade it assigns to these loans. In the event that 10% of commercial loans in each risk category would experience a downgrade of one risk category, the allowance for commercial loans increase
by approximately $190 million at December 31, 2008. The Bancorp’s determination of the allowance for residential and retail loans is sensitive to changes in estimated loss rates. In the event that estimated loss rates increase by 10%, the
allowance for residential and consumer loans would increase by approximately $100 million at December 31, 2008. As several quantitative and qualitative factors are considered in determining the allowance for loan and lease losses, these
sensitivity analyses do not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses. They are intended to provide insights into the impact of adverse changes in risk grades and estimated loss rates and
do not imply any expectation of future deterioration in the risk ratings or loss rates. Given current processes employed by the Bancorp, management believes the risk grades and estimated loss rates currently assigned are appropriate. 

The Bancorp’s primary market areas for lending are the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United States. When evaluating
the adequacy of allowances, consideration is given to these regional geographic concentrations and the closely associated effect changing economic conditions have on the Bancorp’s customers. 

Reserve for Unfunded Commitments 

The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb estimated probable losses related to unfunded credit facilities and is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, including an assessment of historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk grading and credit grade migration. Net
adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 17

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 Income Taxes 

The Bancorp
estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax jurisdictions in which the Bancorp conducts business. On a quarterly basis, management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate based upon its current
estimate of the amount and components of net income, tax credits and the applicable statutory tax rates expected for the full year. The estimated income tax expense is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the balance sheet method and are reported in either other assets or
accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities and
recognizes enacted changes in tax rates and laws. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent they exist and are subject to a valuation allowance based on management’s judgment that realization is more-likely-than-not. 

Accrued taxes represent the net estimated amount due to taxing jurisdictions and are reported in accrued taxes, interest and expenses in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bancorp evaluates and assesses the relative risks and appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other information and maintains
tax accruals consistent with its evaluation of these relative risks and merits. Changes to the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations being conducted by
taxing authorities and changes to statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that impact the relative risks of tax positions. These changes, when they occur, can affect deferred taxes and accrued taxes as well as the current period’s income
tax expense and can be significant to the operating results of the Bancorp. As described in greater detail in Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has challenged the Bancorp’s tax
treatment of certain leasing transactions. For additional information on income taxes, see Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Valuation of Servicing Rights 

When the Bancorp sells loans through either securitizations or
individual loan sales in accordance with its investment policies, it often obtains servicing rights. Servicing rights resulting from loan sales are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently amortized in proportion to, and over the period of,
estimated net servicing income. Servicing rights are assessed for impairment monthly, based on fair value, with temporary impairment recognized through a valuation allowance and permanent impairment recognized through a write-off of the servicing
asset and related valuation allowance. Key economic assumptions used in measuring any potential impairment of the servicing rights include the prepayment speeds of the underlying loans, the weighted-average life, the discount rate, the
weighted-average coupon and the weighted-average default rate, as applicable. The primary risk of material changes to the value of the servicing rights resides in the potential volatility in the economic assumptions used, particularly the prepayment
speeds. 

The Bancorp monitors risk and adjusts its valuation allowance as necessary to adequately reserve for impairment
in the servicing portfolio. For purposes of measuring impairment, the servicing rights are stratified into classes based on the financial asset type and interest rates. Fees received for servicing loans owned by investors are based on a percentage
of the outstanding monthly principal balance of such loans and are included in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income as loan payments are received. Costs of servicing loans are charged to expense as incurred.

 The
change in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) at December 31, 2008 due to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in the current prepayment assumptions would be approximately $33 million and $63 million, respectively, and due to
immediate 10% and 20% favorable changes in the current prepayment assumptions would be approximately $37 million and $78 million, respectively. The change in the fair value of the MSR portfolio at December 31, 2008 due to immediate 10% and 20%
adverse changes in the discount rate assumption would be approximately $15 million and $30 million, respectively, and due to immediate 10% and 20% favorable changes in the discount rate assumption would be approximately $16 million and $34 million,
respectively. The sensitivity analysis related to other consumer and commercial servicing rights is not material to the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the
figures indicate, changes in fair value based on a 10% and 20% variation in assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, the effect of a
variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the servicing rights is calculated without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which might magnify or counteract the
sensitivities. Additionally, the effect of the Bancorp’s non-qualifying hedging strategy, which is maintained to lessen the impact of changes in value of the MSR portfolio, is excluded from the above analysis. 

Fair Value Measurements 

Effective January 1, 2008, the Bancorp adopted SFAS No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements”, which provides a framework for measuring fair value under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
SFAS No. 157 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. SFAS No. 157 addresses the valuation
techniques used to measure fair value. These valuation techniques include the market approach, income approach and cost approach. The market approach uses prices or relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or
comparable assets or liabilities. The income approach involves discounting future amounts to a single present amount and is based on current market expectations about those future amounts. The cost approach is based on the amount that currently
would be required to replace the service capacity of the asset. 

SFAS No. 157 establishes a fair value hierarchy,
which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the
lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). A financial instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the instrument’s fair value measurement. The three
levels within the fair value hierarchy are described as follows: 

Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Bancorp has the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level
2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by
correlation or other means. 

 18

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability for which there is little, if any, market activity at the measurement date. Unobservable
inputs reflect the Bancorp’s own assumptions about what market participants would use to price the asset or liability. The inputs are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances, which might include the Bancorp’s
own financial data such as internally developed pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, as well as instruments for which the fair value determination requires significant management judgment. 

The Bancorp measures financial assets and liabilities at fair value in accordance with SFAS No. 157. These measurements involve
various valuation techniques and models, which involve inputs that are observable, when available, and include the following significant financial instruments: available-for-sale and trading securities, residential mortgage loans held for sale and
certain derivatives. The following is a summary of valuation techniques utilized by the Bancorp for its significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. 

Available-for-sale and trading securities 

Where quoted prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are
estimated using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, or discounted cash flows. Such securities would generally be classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. In certain cases where there is limited
activity or an absence of observable market data around inputs to the valuation, securities are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. A significant portion of the Bancorp’s available-for-sale securities are agency
mortgage-backed securities that are fair valued using a market approach and the Bancorp has determined them to be Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. A significant portion of the Bancorp’s trading securities are variable rate demand notes
(VRDNs), that are fair valued using a market approach, and the Bancorp has determined them to be Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Residential mortgage loans held for sale 

For residential mortgage loans held for sale, fair value is
estimated based upon mortgage backed securities prices and spreads to those prices. Residential mortgage loans held for sale are fair valued using a market approach and the Bancorp has determined them to be Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

Derivatives 

Exchange-traded derivatives valued using quoted prices are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. However, few classes of derivative contracts are listed on an exchange. Most derivative contracts are measured using discounted
cash flow or other models that incorporate current market interest rates, credit spreads assigned to the derivative counterparties and other market parameters. Derivative positions that are valued utilizing models that use as their basis readily
observable market parameters are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. Derivatives that are valued based upon models with significant unobservable market parameters are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. A majority
of the derivatives are fair valued using an income approach and the Bancorp has 

determined them to be Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 

Valuation techniques and parameters used for measuring financial assets and liabilities are reviewed and validated by the Bancorp on a quarterly basis. Additionally, the Bancorp monitors the fair values of significant
assets and liabilities using a variety of methods including the evaluation of pricing runs and exception reports based on certain analytical criteria, comparison to previous trades and overall review and assessments for reasonableness. 

In addition to the financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, the Bancorp measures servicing
rights and certain loans at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Refer to Note 25 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

Goodwill 

Business combinations entered into by the Bancorp typically include the acquisition
of goodwill. SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” requires goodwill to be reported at and tested for impairment at the Bancorp’s reporting unit level on an annual basis and more frequently in certain
circumstances. These circumstances include significant declines in the Bancorp’s stock price that result in a market capitalization below book value. The Bancorp has determined that its segments qualify as reporting units under the guidance of
SFAS No. 142. Impairment exists when a reporting unit’s carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, which is determined through a two-step impairment test. The first step (Step 1) compares the fair value of a reporting unit
with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step (Step 2) of the goodwill impairment test is performed to measure the impairment loss amount, if any. 

The fair value of a reporting unit is the price that would be received to sell the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. To determine the fair value of a reporting unit, the Bancorp employs an income-based approach, utilizing the reporting unit’s forecasted cash flows (including a terminal value approach to estimate
cash flows beyond the final year of the forecast) and the reporting unit’s estimated cost of equity as the discount rate. Additionally, the Bancorp determines its market capitalization based on the average of the closing price of the
Bancorp’s stock during the month including the measurement date, incorporating an additional control premium, and allocates this market-based fair value measurement to the Bancorp’s reporting units in order to corroborate the results of
the income approach. 

When required to perform Step 2, the Bancorp compares the implied fair value of a reporting
unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment loss equal to that excess amount is recognized, not to exceed the goodwill carrying amount. Consistent with SFAS
No. 142, during Step 2, the Bancorp determines the implied fair value of goodwill for a reporting unit by assigning the fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit (including any unrecognized intangible
assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. The excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. This assignment process
is only performed for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment. The Bancorp does not adjust the carrying values of recognized assets or liabilities (other than goodwill, if appropriate), nor recognize previously unrecognized intangible assets in
the Consolidated Financial Statements as a result of this assignment process. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Bancorp’s goodwill. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 19

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RISK FACTORS 

 Weakness in the economy and in the real estate market, including specific weakness within Fifth Third’s geographic footprint, has adversely
affected Fifth Third and may continue to adversely affect Fifth Third. 

If the strength of the U.S. economy in general and the
strength of the local economies in which Fifth Third conducts operations continues to decline, this could result in, among other things, a deterioration in credit quality or a reduced demand for credit, including a resultant effect on Fifth
Third’s loan portfolio and allowance for loan and lease losses. A significant portion of Fifth Third’s residential mortgage and commercial real estate loan portfolios are comprised of borrowers in Michigan, Northern Ohio and Florida, which
markets have been particularly adversely affected by job losses, declines in real estate value, declines in home sale volumes, and declines in new home building. These factors could result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future
periods, which would materially adversely affect Fifth Third’s financial condition and results of operations. 

Deteriorating
credit quality, particularly in real estate loans, has adversely impacted Fifth Third and may continue to adversely impact Fifth Third. 

Fifth Third has experienced a downturn in credit performance and expects credit conditions and the performance of its loan portfolio to continue to deteriorate in the near term. This caused Fifth Third to increase its allowance for loan and
lease losses, driven primarily by higher allocations related to residential mortgage and home equity loans, commercial real estate loans and loans of entities related to or dependant upon the real estate industry. If the performance of Fifth
Third’s loan portfolio does not improve or stabilize, additional increases in the allowance for loan and lease losses may be necessary in the future. Accordingly, a decrease in the quality of Fifth Third’s credit portfolio could have a
material adverse effect on earnings and results of operations. 

Fifth Third’s results depend on general economic conditions
within its operating markets. 

The revenues of FTPS are dependent on the
transaction volume generated by its merchant and financial institution customers. This transaction volume is largely dependent on consumer and corporate spending. If consumer confidence suffers and retail sales decline, FTPS will be negatively
impacted. Similarly, if an economic downturn results in a decrease in the overall volume of corporate transactions, FTPS will be negatively impacted. FTPS is also impacted by the financial stability of its merchant customers. FTPS assumes certain
contingent liabilities related to the processing of Visa®
 and MasterCard
®
 merchant card transactions. These liabilities typically
arise from billing disputes between the merchant and the cardholder that are ultimately resolved in favor of the cardholder. These transactions are charged back to the merchant and disputed amounts are returned to the cardholder. If FTPS is unable
to collect these amounts from the merchant, FTPS will bear the loss. 

The fee revenue of Investment Advisors is largely
dependent on the fair market value of assets under care and trading volumes in the brokerage business. General economic conditions and their effect on the securities markets tend to act in correlation. When general economic conditions deteriorate,
consumer and corporate confidence in securities markets erodes, and Investment Advisors’ revenues are negatively impacted as asset values and trading volumes decrease. Neutral economic conditions can also negatively impact revenue when stagnant
securities markets fail to attract investors. 

Changes in interest rates could affect Fifth Third’s income and cash flows. 

Fifth Third’s income and cash flows depend to a great extent on the difference between the interest rates earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and investment securities, and the
interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond Fifth Third’s control, including general economic conditions and the policies of various
governmental and regulatory agencies (in particular, the FRB). Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, will influence the origination of loans, the prepayment speed of loans, the purchase of investments, the generation of
deposits and the rates received on loans and investment securities and paid on deposits or other sources of funding. The impact of these changes may be magnified if Fifth Third does not effectively manage the relative sensitivity of its assets and
liabilities to changes in market interest rates. Fluctuations in these areas may adversely affect Fifth Third and its shareholders. 

Fifth Third’s ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and liquidity. 

Fifth
Third is required to maintain certain capital levels in accordance with banking regulations. Fifth Third must also maintain adequate funding sources in the normal course of business to support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities. Fifth
Third’s ability to maintain capital levels, sources of funding and liquidity could be impacted by changes in the capital markets in which it operates. Additionally, if Fifth Third sought additional sources of capital, liquidity or funding,
those additional sources could dilute current shareholders’ ownership interests. 

Each of Fifth Third’s
subsidiary banks must remain well-capitalized for Fifth Third to retain its status as a financial holding company. In addition, failure by Fifth Third’s bank subsidiaries to meet applicable capital guidelines could subject the bank to a variety
of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities. These include limitations on the ability to pay dividends, the issuance by the regulatory authority of a capital directive to increase capital, and the termination of deposit
insurance by the FDIC. 

As a regulated entity, Fifth Third must maintain certain capital requirements that may limit its operations and potential
growth. 

Fifth Third is a bank holding company and a financial holding company. As such, Fifth Third is subject to the
comprehensive, consolidated supervision and regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, including risk-based and leverage capital requirements. Fifth Third must maintain certain risk-based and leverage capital ratios as
required by its banking regulators and which can change depending upon general economic conditions and Fifth Third’s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans. Compliance with the capital requirements, including leverage ratios, may
limit operations that require the intensive use of capital and could adversely affect Fifth Third’s ability to expand or maintain present business levels. 

 20

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Changes and trends in the capital markets may affect Fifth Third’s income and cash flows. 

Fifth Third enters into and maintains trading and investment positions in the capital markets on its own behalf and on behalf of its customers. These
investment positions also include derivative financial instruments. The revenues and profits Fifth Third derives from its trading and investment positions are dependent on market prices. If it does not correctly anticipate market changes and trends,
Fifth Third may experience investment or trading losses that may materially affect Fifth Third and its shareholders. Losses on behalf of its customers could expose Fifth Third to litigation, credit risks or loss of revenue from those customers.
Additionally, substantial losses in Fifth Third’s trading and investment positions could lead to a loss with respect to those investments and may adversely affect cash flows and funding costs. 

Problems encountered by financial institutions larger or similar to Fifth Third could adversely affect financial markets generally and have indirect adverse effects
on Fifth Third. 

The commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading,
clearing or other relationships between the institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses or defaults by other
institutions. This is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which the Bancorp interacts on a
daily basis, and therefore could adversely affect Fifth Third. 

If Fifth Third does not adjust to rapid changes in the financial services industry,
its financial performance may suffer. 

Fifth Third’s ability to deliver strong financial performance and returns on investment
to shareholders will depend in part on its ability to expand the scope of available financial services to meet the needs and demands of its customers. In addition to the challenge of competing against other banks in attracting and retaining
customers for traditional banking services, Fifth Third’s competitors also include securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers, investment advisors, specialty finance and insurance companies who seek to offer one-stop financial services that
may include services that banks have not been able or allowed to offer to their customers in the past or may not be currently able or allowed to offer. This increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result of changes in regulation, changes
in technology and product delivery systems, as well as the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial service providers. 

The
preparation of Fifth Third’s financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results. 

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Two of Fifth
Third’s most critical estimates are the level of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the valuation of mortgage servicing rights. Due to the uncertainty of estimates involved, Fifth Third may have to significantly increase the allowance
for loan and lease losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance and could recognize a significant provision for impairment of its mortgage servicing rights. If Fifth Third’s allowance for loan
and lease losses is not adequate, Fifth Third’s business, financial condition, including its liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially adversely 

affected. For more information on the sensitivity of these estimates, please refer to the Critical Accounting Policies section. 

Fifth Third regularly reviews its litigation reserves for adequacy considering its litigation risks and probability of incurring losses
related to litigation. However, Fifth Third cannot be certain that its current litigation reserves will be adequate over time to cover its losses in litigation due to higher than anticipated settlement costs, prolonged litigation, adverse judgments,
or other factors that are largely outside of Fifth Third’s control. If Fifth Third’s litigation reserves are not adequate, Fifth Third’s business, financial condition, including its liquidity and capital, and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, in the future, Fifth Third may increase its litigation reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on its capital and results of operations. 

Changes in accounting standards could impact Fifth Third’s reported earnings and financial condition. 

The accounting standard setters, including FASB, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and other regulatory bodies, periodically change the
financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of Fifth Third’s consolidated financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how Fifth Third records and reports its financial
condition and results of operations. In some cases, Fifth Third could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the restatement of Fifth Third’s prior period financial statements. 

Legislative or regulatory compliance, changes or actions or significant litigation, could adversely impact Fifth Third or the businesses in which Fifth Third is
engaged. 

Fifth Third is subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that govern almost all
aspects of its operations and limit the businesses in which Fifth Third may engage. These laws and regulations may change from time to time and are primarily intended for the protection of consumers, depositors and the deposit insurance funds. The
impact of any changes to laws and regulations or other actions by regulatory agencies may negatively impact Fifth Third or its ability to increase the value of its business. Additionally, actions by regulatory agencies or significant litigation
against Fifth Third could cause it to devote significant time and resources to defending itself and may lead to penalties that materially affect Fifth Third and its shareholders. Future changes in the laws, including tax laws, or regulations or
their interpretations or enforcement may also be materially adverse to Fifth Third and its shareholders or may require Fifth Third to expend significant time and resources to comply with such requirements. 

Fifth Third’s business, financial condition and results of operations are highly regulated and could be adversely affected by new or changed regulations and by
the manner in which such regulations are applied by regulatory authorities. 

Current economic conditions, particularly in the
financial markets, have resulted in government regulatory agencies placing increased focus on and scrutiny of the financial services industry. The U.S. Government has intervened on an unprecedented scale, responding to what has been commonly
referred to as the financial crisis. In addition to participating in the U.S. Treasury’s CPP, the U.S. Government has taken steps that include enhancing the liquidity support available to financial institutions, establishing a commercial paper
funding facility, temporarily guaranteeing money market funds and certain types of debt issuances, and increasing insured deposits. These programs subject Fifth Third and other financial institutions who have participated in these programs to
additional restrictions, oversight and/or costs that 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 21

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

may have an impact on Fifth Third’s business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of its common stock. 

New proposals for legislation continue to be introduced in the U.S. Congress that could further substantially increase regulation of the
financial services industry. Federal and state regulatory agencies also frequently adopt changes to their regulations and/or change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. Fifth Third cannot predict whether any pending or future
legislation will be adopted or the substance and impact of any such new legislation on Fifth Third. Additional regulation could affect Fifth Third in a substantial way and could have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Fifth Third and/or the holders of its securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable ratings from rating agencies. 

Fifth Third’s ability to access the capital markets is important to its overall funding profile. This access is affected by the
ratings assigned by rating agencies to Fifth Third, certain of its affiliates and particular classes of securities they issue. The interest rates that Fifth Third pays on its securities are also influenced by, among other things, the credit ratings
that it, its affiliates and/or its securities receive from recognized rating agencies. A downgrade to Fifth Third’s, or its affiliates’, credit rating could affect its ability to access the capital markets, increase its borrowing costs and
negatively impact its profitability. A ratings downgrade to Fifth Third, its affiliates or their securities could also create obligations or liabilities to Fifth Third under the terms of its outstanding securities that could increase Fifth
Third’s costs or otherwise have a negative effect on Fifth Third’s results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, a downgrade of the credit rating of any particular security issued by Fifth Third or its affiliates could
negatively affect the ability of the holders of that security to sell the securities and the prices at which any such securities may be sold. 

Fifth Third’s stock price is volatile. 

Fifth Third’s stock price has been volatile in the past and several
factors could cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the future. These factors include: 

•

 Actual or anticipated variations in earnings; 

•

 Changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections; 

•

 Fifth Third’s announcements of developments related to its businesses; 

•

 Operating and stock performance of other companies deemed to be peers; 

•

 Actions by government regulators; 

•

 New technology used or services offered by traditional and non-traditional competitors; and 

•

 News reports of trends, concerns and other issues related to the financial services industry. 

Fifth Third’s stock price may fluctuate significantly in the future, and these fluctuations may be unrelated to Fifth Third’s performance.
General market price declines or market volatility in the future could adversely affect the price of its common stock, and the current market price of such stock may not be indicative of future market prices. 

The financial services industry is highly competitive and creates competitive pressures that could adversely affect Fifth Third’s revenue and profitability.

The financial services industry in which Fifth Third operates is highly competitive. Fifth Third competes not only with commercial
banks, but also with insurance companies, mutual funds, hedge funds, and other companies offering financial services in the U.S., globally and over the internet. Fifth Third 

competes on the basis of several factors, including capital, access to capital, products, services, transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price.
Over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have been acquired by or merged into other firms. In fiscal 2008, this trend accelerated
considerably, as several major U.S. financial institutions consolidated, were forced to merge, received substantial government assistance or were placed into conservatorship by the U.S. Government. These developments could result in Fifth
Third’s competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity. Fifth Third may experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of its competitors
seek to increase market share by reducing prices. 

Fifth Third could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel.

As Fifth Third continues to grow, its success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals.
Competition for qualified candidates in the activities and markets that Fifth Third serves is great and Fifth Third may not be able to hire these candidates and retain them. If Fifth Third is not able to hire or retain these key individuals, Fifth
Third may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer adverse consequences to its business, operations and financial condition. 

Pursuant to the standardized terms of the CPP described previously, among other things, Fifth Third has agreed to institute certain restrictions on the compensation of certain senior management positions, which could
have an adverse effect on Fifth Third’s ability to hire or retain the most qualified senior management. It is possible that the U.S. Treasury may, as it is permitted to do, impose further requirements on Fifth Third. If Fifth Third is unable to
attract and retain qualified employees, or do so at rates necessary to maintain its competitive position, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more expensive, Fifth Third’s performance, including its
competitive position, could be materially adversely affected. 

If Fifth Third is unable to grow its deposits, it may be subject to
paying higher funding costs. 

The total amount that Fifth Third pays for funding costs is dependent, in part, on Fifth Third’s
ability to grow its deposits. If Fifth Third is unable to sufficiently grow its deposits, it may be subject to paying higher funding costs. This could materially adversely affect Fifth Third’s earnings and results of operations. 

Fifth Third’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries accounts for most of its revenue and could affect its liquidity and ability to
pay dividends. 

Fifth Third Bancorp is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. Fifth Third Bancorp typically
receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on Fifth Third Bancorp’s stock and interest and principal on its debt. Various federal and/or
state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that Fifth Third’s bank and certain nonbank subsidiaries may pay. Also, Fifth Third Bancorp’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s liquidation or
reorganization is subject to the prior claims of that subsidiary’s creditors. Limitations on Fifth Third Bancorp’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries could have a material adverse effect on Fifth Third Bancorp’s
liquidity and ability to pay dividends on stock or interest and principal on its debt. 

 22

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 Fifth Third’s ability to pay or increase dividends on its common stock or to repurchase its capital stock is restricted by the terms of the U.S.
Treasury’s preferred stock investment in Fifth Third. 

In December 2008, Fifth Third sold $3.4 billion of its Series F
Preferred Stock to the U.S. Treasury pursuant to the terms of the CPP. For so long as any preferred stock issued under the CPP remains outstanding, those terms prohibit Fifth Third from increasing dividends on its common stock, and from making
certain repurchases of equity securities, including its common stock, without the U.S. Treasury’s consent until the third anniversary of the U.S. Treasury’s investment or until the U.S. Treasury has transferred all of the preferred stock
it purchased under the CPP to third parties. Furthermore, as long as the preferred stock issued to the U.S. Treasury is outstanding, dividend payments and repurchases or redemptions relating to certain equity securities, including Fifth Third’s
common stock, are prohibited until all accrued and unpaid dividends are paid on such preferred stock, subject to certain limited exceptions. 

Future
acquisitions may dilute current shareholders’ ownership of Fifth Third and may cause Fifth Third to become more susceptible to adverse economic events. 

Future business acquisitions could be material to Fifth Third and it may issue additional shares of stock to pay for those acquisitions, which would dilute current shareholders’ ownership interests. Acquisitions
also could require Fifth Third to use substantial cash or other liquid assets or to incur debt. In those events, Fifth Third could become more susceptible to economic downturns and competitive pressures. 

Difficulties in combining the operations of acquired entities with Fifth Third’s own operations may prevent Fifth Third from achieving the expected benefits
from its acquisitions. 

Inherent uncertainties exist when integrating the operations of an acquired entity. Fifth Third may not be
able to fully achieve its strategic objectives and planned operating efficiencies in an acquisition. In addition, the markets and industries in which Fifth Third and its potential acquisition targets operate are highly competitive. Fifth Third may
lose customers or the customers of acquired entities as a result of an acquisition. Future acquisition and integration activities may require Fifth Third to devote substantial time and resources and as a result Fifth Third may not be able to pursue
other business opportunities. 

After completing an acquisition, Fifth Third may find certain items are not accounted for
properly in accordance with financial accounting and reporting standards. Fifth Third may also not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition due to lower financial results pertaining to the acquired entity. For example, Fifth Third could
experience higher charge offs than originally anticipated related to the acquired loan portfolio. 

Material breaches in security of
Fifth Third’s systems may have a significant effect on Fifth Third’s business. 

Fifth Third collects, processes and stores
sensitive consumer data by utilizing computer systems and telecommunications networks operated by both Fifth Third and third party service providers. Fifth Third has security, backup and recovery systems in place, as well as a business continuity
plan to ensure the system will not be inoperable. Fifth Third also has security to prevent unauthorized access to the system. In addition, Fifth Third requires its third party service providers to maintain similar controls. However, Fifth Third
cannot be certain that the measures will be successful. A security breach in the system and loss of confidential information such as credit card numbers and related information could result in losing the customers’ confidence and thus the loss
of their business. 

 Fifth Third may sell or consider selling one or more of its businesses. Should it determine to sell such a business, it may not be able to generate gains on sale or
related increase in shareholders’ equity commensurate with desirable levels. Moreover, if Fifth Third sold such businesses, the loss of income could have an adverse effect on its earnings and future growth. 

Fifth Third owns several non-strategic businesses that are not significantly synergistic with its core financial services businesses. Fifth Third has,
from time to time, considered the sale of such businesses, which could supplement its capital by an estimated additional $1 billion or more. If it were to determine to sell such businesses, Fifth Third would be subject to market forces that may make
completion of a sale unsuccessful or may not be able to do so within a desirable time frame. If Fifth Third were to complete the sale of non-core businesses, it would suffer the loss of income from the sold businesses, and such loss of income could
have an adverse effect on its future earnings and growth. 

Fifth Third is exposed to operational and reputational risk.

Fifth Third is exposed to many types of operational risk, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud
or theft by employees, customers or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors. 

Negative
public opinion can result from Fifth Third’s actual or alleged conduct in activities, such as lending practices, data security, corporate governance and acquisitions, and may damage Fifth Third’s reputation. Additionally, actions taken by
government regulators and community organizations may also damage Fifth Third’s reputation. This negative public opinion can adversely affect Fifth Third’s ability to attract and keep customers and can expose it to litigation and
regulatory action. 

Fifth Third’s necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process its transaction
volume poses the risk that technical system flaws or employee errors, tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses and may be difficult to detect. Fifth Third may also be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising
from events that are beyond its control (for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages). Fifth Third is further exposed to the risk that its third party service providers may be unable to fulfill their contractual
obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors as Fifth Third). These disruptions may interfere with service to Fifth Third’s customers and result in a financial loss or liability. 

Fifth Third and other financial institutions have been the subject of increased litigation which could result in legal liability and damage to its reputation.

Fifth Third and certain of its directors and officers have been named from time to time as defendants in various class actions and
other litigation relating to Fifth Third’s business and activities. Past, present and future litigation have included or could include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages.
Fifth Third is also involved from time to time in other reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding its business. These matters also could result in adverse judgments,
settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. Like other large financial institutions and companies, Fifth Third is also subject to risk from potential employee misconduct, including non-compliance with policies and improper use or
disclosure of confidential information. Substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against Fifth Third could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition or results of operations and/or cause significant
reputational harm to its business. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 23

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

STATEMENTS OF INCOME ANALYSIS 

 Net Interest Income 

Net
interest income is the interest earned on debt securities, loans and leases (including yield-related fees) and other interest-earning assets less the interest paid for core deposits (includes transaction deposits and other time deposits) and
wholesale funding (includes certificates $100,000 and over, other deposits, federal funds purchased, short-term borrowings and long-term debt). The net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets.
Net interest spread is the difference between the average rate earned on interest-earning assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is typically greater than net interest rate spread due to the interest
income earned on those assets that are funded by non-interest-bearing liabilities, such as demand deposits, or shareholders’ equity. 

Table 4 presents the components of net interest income, net interest margin and net interest spread for 2008, 2007 and 2006. Nonaccrual loans and leases and loans held for sale have been included in the average loan
and lease balances. Average outstanding securities balances are based on amortized cost with any unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities included in other assets. Table 5 provides the relative impact of changes in the balance
sheet and changes in interest rates on net interest income. 

During 2008, a number of market forces impacted net interest
income. The decreasing rate environment, spurred by the Federal Reserve monetary policies throughout the year, initially allowed deposits to reprice further than loans due to increased credit spreads on new originations. This effect was muted during
the second half of 2008 as disruptions in the credit markets created a highly competitive deposit rate environment. Loan yields came under further downward pressure due to the increased levels of nonperforming loans and leases. Other adjustments
included the accretion of discounts on acquired loans, primarily as a result of the second quarter 2008 acquisition of First Charter, which increased net interest income by $339 million during 2008. The purchase accounting accretion reflects the
high discount rate in the market at the time of the acquisition; the total loan discounts are being accreted into net interest income over the remaining period to maturity of the loans acquired. During the second quarter of 2008, the Bancorp
recognized a reduction of approximately $130 million to interest income on commercial leases as a result of the recalculation of cash flows on certain leveraged leases. More information on the leveraged lease adjustment can be found in Note 16 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Overall, net interest income (FTE) was $3.5 billion for 2008, compared to
$3.0 billion earned in 2007. The increase in 

net interest income compared to the prior year is the result of an 11% increase in average interest-earning assets combined with a 49 bp increase in net
interest spread that was partially reduced by the increase in nonperforming loans. In 2008, $282 million in additional interest income would have been recorded if nonaccrual loans had been current compared to $144 million in 2007. Exclusive of the
purchase accounting and leveraged lease adjustments, net interest income increased by $291 million, or 10%, over the prior year. 

Reported net interest margin was 3.54% in 2008, compared to 3.36% in 2007. For the year, the negative effects of the leveraged lease adjustment, a reduction to net interest margin of 13 bp, and increase in nonperforming loans were offset by
the positive impact from the accretion of the discounts on acquired loans, which increased net interest margin approximately 34 bp in 2008. Exclusive of the purchase accounting and leveraged lease adjustments, net interest margin was flat on a
year-over-year basis as widening credit spreads were offset by higher nonaccrual loans and leases and a greater concentration in lower yielding commercial loans. 

Total average interest-earning assets increased 11% from 2007. Average total commercial loans increased 19% and the investment portfolio increased 17%, while consumer loans decreased modestly.
Commercial mortgage and commercial construction loans increased primarily as a result of acquisitions during the past year. Commercial and industrial loans increased due to the origination for portfolio of loans that historically were sold to the
Bancorp’s off-balance sheet commercial paper conduit, coupled with the use of contingent liquidity facilities related to certain off-balance sheet programs that were drawn upon in 2008. These commercial loans have the effect of lowering the
overall yield on commercial loans. Increases in the investment portfolio relate to both the Bancorp’s desire to keep an appropriately sized investment portfolio given the growth in loans and leases, which occurred primarily from acquisitions,
coupled with the purchase of securities as part of the Bancorp’s non-qualifying hedging strategy related to mortgage servicing rights. 

Interest income (FTE) from loans and leases decreased $481 million compared to 2007. Exclusive of the accretion of discounts on acquired loans and the leveraged lease adjustment during the second quarter of 2008,
interest income (FTE) from loans and leases decreased $694 million, or 13%, compared to the prior year. The year-over-year decrease in interest income is a result of the repricing of variable rate loans in a declining rate environment, partially
offset by the increase in average loan and lease balances. At the end of 2008, the Bancorp’s prime rate was 3.25% compared to 7.25% at the end of 2007. Interest income (FTE) from investment securities and short-term investments

TABLE 3: CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except per share
data)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Interest income (FTE)

$5,630

6,051

5,981

5,026

4,150

 Interest expense

2,094

3,018

3,082

2,030

1,102

 Net interest income (FTE)

3,536

3,033

2,899

2,996

3,048

 Provision for loan and lease losses

4,560

628

343

330

268

 Net interest income (loss) after provision for loan and lease losses (FTE)

(1,024)

2,405

2,556

2,666

2,780

 Noninterest income

2,946

2,467

2,012

2,374

2,355

 Noninterest expense

4,564

3,311

2,915

2,801

2,862

 Income (loss) before income taxes and cumulative effect (FTE)

(2,642)

1,561

1,653

2,239

2,273

 Fully taxable equivalent adjustment

22

24

26

31

36

 Applicable income taxes

(551)

461

443

659

712

 Income (loss) before cumulative effect

(2,113)

1,076

1,184

1,549

1,525

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

-

4

-

-

 Net income (loss)

(2,113)

1,076

1,188

1,549

1,525

 Dividends on preferred stock

67

1

-

1

1

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders

($2,180)

1,075

1,188

1,548

1,524

 Earnings per share, basic

($3.94)

2.00

2.14

2.79

2.72

 Earnings per share, diluted

(3.94)

1.99

2.13

2.77

2.68

 Cash dividends declared per common share

0.75

1.70

1.58

1.46

1.31

 24

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 TABLE 4: CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND ANALYSIS OF NET INTEREST INCOME
(FTE)

 For the years ended December 31

2008

2007

2006

 ($ in millions)

AverageBalance

Revenue/

Cost

AverageYield/Rate

AverageBalance

Revenue/Cost

AverageYield/Rate

Average

Balance

Revenue/

Cost

AverageYield/Rate

 Assets

 Interest-earning assets:

 Loans and leases (a):

 Commercial loans

$28,426

$1,520

5.35

%

$22,351

$1,639

7.33

%

$20,504

$1,479

7.21

%

 Commercial mortgage

12,776

866

6.78

11,078

801

7.23

9,797

700

7.15

 Commercial construction

5,846

342

5.85

5,661

421

7.44

6,015

460

7.64

 Commercial leases

3,680

18

0.49

3,683

158

4.29

3,730

185

4.97

 Subtotal - commercial

50,728

2,746

5.41

42,773

3,019

7.06

40,046

2,824

7.05

 Residential mortgage

10,993

705

6.41

10,489

642

6.13

9,574

568

5.94

 Home equity

12,269

701

5.71

11,887

897

7.54

12,070

900

7.45

 Automobile loans

8,925

566

6.34

10,704

674

6.30

9,570

552

5.77

 Credit card

1,708

167

9.77

1,276

133

10.39

838

99

11.84

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,212

64

5.28

1,219

65

5.36

1,395

68

4.87

 Subtotal - consumer

35,107

2,203

6.27

35,575

2,411

6.78

33,447

2,187

6.54

 Total loans and leases

85,835

4,949

5.77

78,348

5,430

6.93

73,493

5,011

6.82

 Securities:

 Taxable

13,082

643

4.91

11,131

566

5.08

20,306

904

4.45

 Exempt from income taxes (a)

342

25

7.35

499

36

7.29

604

45

7.38

 Other short-term investments

621

13

2.15

404

19

4.80

396

21

5.27

 Total interest-earning assets

99,880

5,630

5.64

90,382

6,051

6.70

94,799

5,981

6.31

 Cash and due from banks

2,490

2,275

2,477

 Other assets

13,411

10,613

8,713

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

(1,485)

(793)

(751)

 Total assets

$114,296

$102,477

$105,238

 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

 Interest-bearing liabilities:

 Interest-bearing core deposits:

 Interest checking

$14,095

$126

0.89

%

$14,820

$318

2.14

%

$16,650

$398

2.39

%

 Savings

16,192

224

1.38

14,836

456

3.07

12,189

363

2.98

 Money market

6,127

118

1.92

6,308

269

4.26

6,366

261

4.10

 Foreign office deposits

2,153

34

1.60

1,762

73

4.15

732

29

3.93

 Other time deposits

11,135

411

3.69

10,778

495

4.59

10,500

433

4.12

 Total interest-bearing core deposits

49,702

913

1.84

48,504

1,611

3.32

46,437

1,484

3.20

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

9,531

324

3.40

6,466

328

5.07

5,795

278

4.80

 Other foreign office deposits

2,163

52

2.42

1,393

68

4.91

2,979

148

4.97

 Federal funds purchased

2,975

70

2.34

3,646

184

5.04

4,148

208

5.02

 Other short-term borrowings

7,785

178

2.29

3,244

140

4.32

4,522

194

4.28

 Long-term debt

13,903

557

4.01

12,505

687

5.50

14,247

770

5.40

 Total interest-bearing liabilities

86,059

2,094

2.43

75,758

3,018

3.98

78,128

3,082

3.94

 Demand deposits

14,017

13,261

13,741

 Other liabilities

4,182

3,875

3,558

 Total liabilities

104,258

92,894

95,427

 Shareholders’ equity

10,038

9,583

9,811

 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

$114,296

$102,477

$105,238

 Net interest income

$3,536

$3,033

$2,899

 Net interest margin

3.54

%

3.36

%

3.06

%

 Net interest rate spread

3.21

2.72

2.37

 Interest-bearing liabilities to interest-earning assets

86.16

83.82

82.41

(a)

The fully taxable-equivalent adjustments included in the above table are $22 million, $24 million and $26 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. 

 increased 10% compared to 2007. The increase in interest income from investment securities was a result of the 17% increase in the average investment portfolio offset by a decrease in the weighted-average yield.

Core deposits increased $2.0 billion, or three percent, compared to last year. The cost of interest-bearing core deposits
was 1.84% in 2008, which was a decrease of 148 bp from 3.32% in 2007. The year-over-year decrease is a result of the decrease in short-term market interest rates as, over the past year, the federal funds target rate decreased 400 bp to a target of
0.25% at December 31, 2008 compared to 4.25% at December 31, 2007. Partially offsetting the decrease in the market rates was the highly competitive rate environment for core deposits, which was created by disruptions in the credit markets.
Some relief from the highly competitive deposit pricing was experienced at the end of the fourth quarter as a number of bank consolidations were completed. The relief in competitive deposit pricing is expected to be somewhat muted in 2009, as
customers began moving balances into higher yielding time deposits 

during the fourth quarter of 2008. Interest expense on wholesale funding decreased 16% compared to the prior year, despite a 33% increase in average
balances. Overall, the growth in average loans and leases since 2007 outpaced core deposit growth by $5.5 billion. In 2008, wholesale funding represented 42% of interest-bearing liabilities, up from 36% in 2007. The Bancorp issued $750 million of
senior notes in April 2008 and $400 million of trust preferred securities in May 2008. The Bancorp’s equity funding position increased approximately $500 million compared to 2007 from the issuance of $1.1 billion in preferred shares during the
second quarter of 2008. Additionally, on December 31, 2008 the Bancorp sold $3.4 billion of senior preferred shares and related warrants to the U.S. Treasury under its CPP. For more information on the Bancorp’s interest rate risk
management, including estimated earnings sensitivity to changes in market interest rates, see the Market Risk Management section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 25

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 5: CHANGES IN NET INTEREST INCOME (FTE) ATTRIBUTED TO VOLUME AND YIELD/RATE 
(a)

 For the years ended December 31

2008 Compared to 2007

2007 Compared to 2006

 ($ in millions)

Volume

Yield/Rate

Total

Volume

Yield/Rate

Total

 Assets

 Increase (decrease) in interest income:

 Loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

$385

(504)

(119)

$135

25

160

 Commercial mortgage

117

(52)

65

93

8

101

 Commercial construction

13

(92)

(79)

(27)

(12)

(39)

 Commercial leases

-

(140)

(140)

(2)

(25)

(27)

 Subtotal - commercial

515

(788)

(273)

199

(4)

195

 Residential mortgage

32

31

63

56

18

74

 Home equity

28

(224)

(196)

(14)

11

(3)

 Automobile loans

(113)

5

(108)

68

54

122

 Credit card

42

(8)

34

47

(13)

34

 Other consumer loans and leases

-

(1)

(1)

(9)

6

(3)

 Subtotal - consumer

(11)

(197)

(208)

148

76

224

 Total loans and leases

504

(985)

(481)

347

72

419

 Securities:

 Taxable

96

(19)

77

(452)

114

(338)

 Exempt from income taxes

(11)

-

(11)

(8)

(1)

(9)

 Other short-term investments

8

(14)

(6)

(1)

(1)

(2)

 Total interest-earning assets

597

(1,018)

(421)

(114)

184

70

 Cash and due from banks

 Other assets

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

 Total change in interest income

$597

(1,018)

(421)

$(114)

184

70

 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

 Increase (decrease) in interest expense:

 Interest-bearing core deposits:

 Interest checking

$(15)

(177)

(192)

$(41)

(39)

(80)

 Savings

39

(271)

(232)

81

12

93

 Money market

(7)

(144)

(151)

(2)

10

8

 Foreign office deposits

13

(52)

(39)

43

1

44

 Other time deposits

16

(100)

(84)

12

50

62

 Total interest-bearing core deposits

46

(744)

(698)

93

34

127

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

125

(129)

(4)

34

16

50

 Other foreign office deposits

28

(44)

(16)

(78)

(2)

(80)

 Federal funds purchased

(29)

(85)

(114)

(25)

1

(24)

 Other short-term borrowings

127

(89)

38

(55)

1

(54)

 Long-term debt

71

(201)

(130)

(97)

14

(83)

 Total interest-bearing liabilities

368

(1,292)

(924)

(128)

64

(64)

 Demand deposits

 Other liabilities

 Total change in interest expense

368

(1,292)

(924)

(128)

64

(64)

 Shareholders’ equity

 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

 Total change in net interest income

$229

274

503

$14

120

134

(a)

Changes in interest not solely due to volume or yield/rate are allocated in proportion to the absolute amount of change in volume or yield/rate. 

 Provision for Loan and
Lease Losses 

The Bancorp provides as an expense an amount for probable loan and lease losses within the loan and lease portfolio
that is based on factors previously discussed in the Critical Accounting Policies section. The provision is recorded to bring the allowance for loan and lease losses to a level deemed appropriate by the Bancorp to cover losses inherent in the
portfolio. Actual credit losses on loans and leases are charged against the allowance for loan and lease losses. The amount of loans actually removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets is referred to as charge-offs. Net charge-offs include current
period charge-offs less recoveries on previously charged-off loans and leases. 

The provision for loan and lease losses
increased to $4.6 billion in 2008 compared to $628 million in 2007. The primary factors in the increase were the increase in impaired commercial loans which are individually reviewed and reserved for, higher losses, increased estimated loss factors
due to negative trends in overall delinquencies, increased loss estimates once a loan becomes delinquent related to the deterioration in real estate collateral values in certain of the Bancorp’s key lending markets and declines in general
economic conditions that are used 

to determine an economic factor adjustment. As of December 31, 2008, the allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of loans and leases increased
to 3.31% from 1.17% at December 31, 2007. 

Refer to the Credit Risk Management section for more detailed information
on the provision for loan and lease losses including an analysis of the loan portfolio composition, non-performing assets, net charge-offs, and other factors considered by the Bancorp in assessing the credit quality of the loan portfolio and the
allowance for loan and lease losses. 

Noninterest Income 

For the year ended December 31, 2008, noninterest income increased by $479 million, or 19%, on a year-over-year basis. The components of noninterest income are shown in Table 6. 

Electronic payment processing revenue increased $86 million, or 11%, in 2008 compared to the 2007 as the Bancorp continued to realize
growth in each of its three main product lines. The components of electronic payment processing revenue are shown in Table 7. 

 26

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 6: NONINTEREST INCOME 

For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Electronic payment processing revenue

$912

826

717

622

521

 Service charges on deposits

641

579

517

522

515

 Corporate banking revenue

444

367

318

299

228

 Investment advisory revenue

353

382

367

358

363

 Mortgage banking net revenue

199

133

155

174

178

 Other noninterest income

363

153

299

360

587

 Securities gains (losses), net

(86)

21

(364)

39

(37)

 Securities gains, net – non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing rights

120

6

3

-

-

 Total noninterest income

$2,946

2,467

2,012

2,374

2,355

 Merchant processing revenue increased 11%, to $341 million, compared to 2007 as the growth in the number of merchants and transaction
volumes compared to 2007 was partially offset by lower average dollar amounts per transaction due to lower consumer spending in the fourth quarter of 2008. Financial institutions revenue increased to $324 million, up seven percent, compared to 2007
due to higher transaction volumes as a result of continued success in attracting financial institution customers. Card issuer interchange increased 16%, to $247 million, compared to 2007 due to continued growth related to debit and credit card
usage. The Bancorp processed approximately 28.4 billion transactions during 2008 compared to approximately 26.7 billion transactions during 2007 and handles electronic processing for over 169,000 merchant locations worldwide. 

TABLE 7: COMPONENTS OF ELECTRONIC PAYMENT PROCESSING REVENUE 

For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Merchant processing revenue

$341

308

255

 Financial institutions revenue

324

305

279

 Card issuer interchange

247

213

183

 Electronic payment processing revenue

$912

826

717

Service charges on deposits increased to $641 million, up $62 million, or 11%, in
2008 compared to 2007. Commercial deposit revenue, net of earnings credits, increased $44 million, or 18%, compared to 2007. Gross commercial deposit revenue grew six percent, to $534 million, compared to 2007. The overall increase was primarily
impacted by a decrease in earnings credits of $35 million, or 54%, on compensating balances resulting from the decline in short-term interest rates. Commercial customers receive earnings credits to offset the fees charged for banking services on
their deposit accounts such as account maintenance, lockbox, ACH transactions, wire transfers and other ancillary corporate treasury management services. Earnings credits are based on the customer’s average balance in qualifying deposits
multiplied by the crediting rate. Qualifying deposits include demand deposits and interest-bearing checking accounts. The Bancorp has a standard crediting rate that is adjusted as necessary based on competitive market conditions and changes in
short-term interest rates. Retail deposit revenue increased five percent, to $348 million, in 2008 compared to 2007. The increase in retail service charges was attributable to higher customer activity. Deposit generation and growth in the number of
customer deposit account relationships continue to be a primary focus of the Bancorp. 

Corporate banking revenue increased
$77 million, or 21%, in 2008 over 2007, and reflects benefits from the broadening of the Bancorp’s suite of commercial products. Foreign exchange derivative income of $106 million, increased $46 million compared to 2007 due to volume increases.
Growth also occurred in fees associated with business lending and asset securitizations, which grew $13 million and $12 million, respectively, compared to 2007. The Bancorp is committed to providing a comprehensive range of financial services to
large and middle-market businesses. 

 Investment advisory revenue decreased $29 million, or eight percent, from 2007 due to the significant decline in equity markets in 2008 as the Bancorp experienced broad-based decreases in several categories. Brokerage
fee income, which includes Fifth Third Securities income, decreased 11%, or $12 million, in 2008 as investors migrated balances from stock and bond funds to money markets funds due to market volatility. Mutual fund revenue decreased 12%, to $53
million, in 2008 due to a shift to lower yielding investments and lower asset values. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp had approximately $179 billion in assets under care and managed $25 billion in assets for individuals, corporations and
not-for-profit organizations. 

Mortgage banking net revenue increased to $199 million in 2008 from $133 million in 2007.
The components of mortgage banking net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 are shown in Table 8. 

TABLE 8: COMPONENTS OF MORTGAGE BANKING NET REVENUE

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Origination fees and gains on loan sales

$260

79

92

 Servicing revenue:

 Servicing fees

164

145

121

 Servicing rights amortization

(107)

(92)

(68)

 Net valuation adjustments on servicing rights and free-standing derivatives entered into to
economically hedge MSR

(118)

1

10

Net servicing revenue (expense)

(61)

54

63

Mortgage banking net revenue

$199

133

155

Mortgage banking net revenue increased $66 million compared to 2007 due to higher
sales margins on loans sold, higher sales volume of portfolio loans, and the impact of the adoption of SFAS No. 159 for residential mortgage loans held for sale, offset by lower net valuation adjustments. Mortgage originations decreased three
percent, from $11.9 billion to $11.5 billion, in comparison to 2007 as application volumes decreased during the second half of 2008 as a result of market disruptions. Mortgage originations rebounded during the fourth quarter of 2008 as a result of
the declining interest rate environment. The increase in sales margins on loans sold and sales volume of portfolio loans contributed $151 million and $13 million, respectively, to the increase in mortgage banking net revenue. The adoption of SFAS
No. 159 on January 1, 2008 for residential mortgage loans held for sale also contributed approximately $65 million to the increase in mortgage banking net revenue. Prior to adoption, mortgage loan origination costs were capitalized as part
of the carrying amount of the loan and recognized as a reduction of mortgage banking net revenue upon the sale of the loans. Subsequent to the adoption, mortgage loan origination costs are recognized as expense when incurred and included in
noninterest expense within the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Mortgage net servicing revenue decreased $115 million
compared to 2007. Net servicing revenue is comprised of gross servicing fees and related amortization as well as valuation adjustments on mortgage servicing rights and mark-to-market 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 27

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

adjustments on both settled and outstanding free-standing derivative financial instruments. Temporary impairment on servicing rights, partially offset by
gains on derivatives economically hedging the mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), resulted in lower mortgage net servicing revenue compared to 2007. The Bancorp’s total residential mortgage loans serviced at December 31, 2008 and 2007 was
$50.7 billion and $45.9 billion, respectively, with $40.4 billion and $34.5 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage loans serviced for others. 

Servicing rights are deemed temporarily impaired when a borrower’s loan rate is distinctly higher than prevailing rates. Temporary impairment on servicing rights is reversed when the prevailing rates return to a
level commensurate with the borrower’s loan rate. Further detail on the valuation of mortgage servicing rights can be found in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy to
manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in impairment on the MSR portfolio. The Bancorp recognized a gain from MSR derivatives of $89 million, offset by a temporary impairment of $207 million, resulting in a net loss of $118 million for
the year ended December 31, 2008 related to changes in fair value and settlement of free-standing derivatives purchased to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the Bancorp recognized a gain from MSR
derivatives of $23 million, offset by a temporary impairment of $22 million, resulting in a net gain of $1 million. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the free-standing derivatives used to hedge the
MSR portfolio. In addition to the derivative positions used to economically hedge the MSR portfolio, the Bancorp acquires various securities as a component of its non-qualifying hedging strategy. A gain on non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing
rights of $120 million and $6 million in 2008 and 2007, respectively, was included in noninterest income within the Consolidated Statements of Income, but are shown separate from mortgage banking net revenue. 

Other noninterest income increased $210 million in 2008 compared to 2007. The components of other noninterest income are shown in Table
9. The increase was primarily due to a $273 million gain from the redemption of a portion of the Bancorp’s ownership interest in Visa, Inc. and a $76 million gain related to the satisfactory resolution of the CitFed litigation. This increase
was offset by higher losses from the sale of both other real estate owned properties and loans in addition to higher charges in 2008 to lower the current cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies. Charges related to one of the
Bancorp’s BOLI policies were $215 million and $177 million, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007. 

Net securities losses totaled $86 million in 2008 compared to $21 million of net securities gains during 2007. The net securities losses in 2008 include OTTI charges of $38 million and $29 million relating to FHLMC
and FNMA preferred stock, respectively, along with OTTI charges of $37 million related to certain bank trust preferred securities. The FHLMC and FNMA preferred stock, combined, are carried at approximately $1 million at December 31, 2008 with a
par value of $68 million. The bank trust preferred securities with OTTI charges had a carrying value of $79 million with a par value of $116 million at December 31, 2008. 

 TABLE 9: COMPONENTS OF
OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME 

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Gain on redemption of Visa, Inc. ownership interests

$273

-

-

 CitFed litigation settlement

76

-

-

 Cardholder fees

58

56

49

 Consumer loan and lease fees

51

46

47

 Operating lease income

47

32

26

 Insurance income

36

32

28

 Banking center income

31

29

22

 (Loss) gain on loan sales

(11)

25

17

 Loss on sale of other real estate owned

(60)

(14)

(8)

 Bank owned life insurance (loss) income

(156)

(106)

86

 Other

18

53

32

 Total other noninterest income

$363

153

299

Noninterest Expense 

Total noninterest expense increased $1.3 billion, or 38%, in 2008 compared to 2007. The components of noninterest expense are shown in Table 10. Noninterest expense in 2008 included a $965
million charge to record goodwill impairment, $99 million in net reductions to noninterest expense to reflect the recognition of the Bancorp’s proportional share of the Visa escrow account, partially offset by additional charges for probable
future Visa litigation settlements, $65 million in mortgage origination costs from the adoption of SFAS No. 159, $36 million in legal expenses related to the CitFed litigation and $20 million in acquisition related expenses. Noninterest expense
in 2007 included charges of $172 million related to the indemnification of estimated current and future Visa litigation settlements and $8 million in acquisition related costs. Excluding these items, noninterest expense increased $444 million, or
14%, due to increased volume-related processing expenses, higher FDIC insurance, increases in the credit component of fair value marks on counterparty derivatives, increased provision for unfunded commitments and higher loan processing costs. For
more information pertaining to the goodwill impairment charge, see Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Total personnel costs (salaries, wages and incentives plus employee benefits) increased 6% in 2008 compared to 2007 due primarily to approximately $65 million in mortgage origination costs that prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 159 on
January 1, 2008, were included as a component of mortgage banking net revenue. Total personnel expense in 2008 and 2007 included $9 million and $7 million, respectively, in severance related costs. Excluding these items, personnel expense
increased two percent compared to 2007. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp employed 22,423 employees, of which 6,678 were officers and 2,578 were part-time employees. Full-time equivalent employees totaled 21,476 as of December 31, 2008
compared to 21,683 as of December 31, 2007. 

TABLE 10: NONINTEREST EXPENSE 

For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Salaries, wages and incentives

$1,337

1,239

1,174

1,133

1,018

 Employee benefits

278

278

292

283

261

 Net occupancy expense

300

269

245

221

185

 Payment processing expense

274

244

184

145

114

 Technology and communications

191

169

141

142

120

 Equipment expense

130

123

116

105

84

 Goodwill impairment

965

-

-

-

-

 Other noninterest expense

1,089

989

763

772

1,081

 Total noninterest expense

$4,564

3,311

2,915

2,801

2,863

 Efficiency ratio

70.4

%

60.2

59.4

52.1

53.0

 28

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Net occupancy expenses increased $31 million, or 11%, in 2008 compared to 2007 due to the addition of 80 new banking centers. Growth in the number of banking
centers was primarily driven by acquisitions, which added 69 banking centers since 2007. 

Payment processing expense,
which includes third-party processing expenses, card management fees and other bankcard processing, increased 12% in 2008 compared to 2007 due to higher network charges of $24 million from increased processing volumes for both the merchant and
financial institutions businesses. 

Total other noninterest expense increased by $100 million, or 10%, in 2008 compared to
2007. The components of other noninterest expense are shown in Table 11. Loan processing expense was higher in comparison to 2007 as a result of increased collection activities. Increased professional service fees compared to 2007 resulted from
legal expenses of $36 million stemming from the CitFed litigation. FDIC insurance and other taxes were higher due to the depletion of the Bancorp’s prior FDIC insurance premium credits in 2008. The provision for unfunded commitments increased
$82 million compared to 2007 due to higher estimates of inherent losses resulting from deterioration in the credit quality of the underlying borrowers. The credit component of fair value marks on counterparty derivatives increased due to
deterioration in the credit quality of the Bancorp’s customers. 

In December 2008, the FDIC approved a final rule on
deposit assessment rates for the first quarter of 2009. The rule raised assessment rates uniformly by 7 bp (annually) for the first quarter of 2009 only. The FDIC issued another final rule during the first quarter of 2009 changing the way the
FDIC’s assessment system differentiates for risk, makes corresponding changes to assessment rates beginning with the second quarter of 2009, and makes certain technical and other changes to the assessment rules. In addition, the FDIC issued an
interim rule that provides for a 20 bp special assessment on June 30, 2009. The increase in assessment rates effective January 1, 2009 will approximately double the Bancorp’s expected assessment for 2009’s first quarter. The Bancorp
believes the assessment rates subsequent to the first quarter 2009 will be significantly higher than the first quarter of 2009. As a result, the Bancorp expects that increased FDIC insurance expense in 2009 will have an adverse impact on its results
of operations. 

In addition to the standard deposit insurance assessments, as noted above, in the third quarter of 2008,
the FDIC announced the Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program (TLGP), which temporarily guarantees the senior debt of participating FDIC- insured institutions and certain holding companies, as well as deposits in noninterest-bearing deposit
transaction accounts. 

The Bancorp expects assessments related to the TLGP to have an adverse impact on its results of operations. 

TABLE 11: COMPONENTS OF OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Loan processing

$188

119

93

 Marketing

102

84

78

 Professional services fees

102

54

41

 Provision for unfunded commitments and letters of credit

98

16

5

 FDIC insurance and other taxes

73

31

39

 Affordable housing investments

67

57

42

 Intangible asset amortization

56

42

45

 Travel

54

54

52

 Postal and courier

54

52

49

 Recruitment and education

33

41

51

 Operating lease

32

22

18

 Supplies

31

31

28

 Visa litigation (accrual) settlement

(99)

172

-

 Debt termination

-

-

49

 Other

298

214

173

 Total other noninterest expense

$1,089

989

763

The efficiency ratio (noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest
income (FTE) and noninterest income) was 70.4% and 60.2% for 2008 and 2007, respectively. Excluding the goodwill impairment charge of $965 million in 2008, the efficiency ratio was 55.5% (comparison being provided to supplement an understanding of
fundamental trends). The Bancorp continues to focus on efficiency initiatives, as part of its core emphasis on operating leverage and on expense control. 

Applicable Income Taxes 

The Bancorp’s income (loss) before income taxes, applicable
income tax expense and effective tax rate for each of the periods indicated are shown in Table 12. Applicable income tax expense for all periods includes the benefit from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments and general business tax
credits, partially offset by the effect of nondeductible expenses. The effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2008 was primarily impacted by the pre-tax loss in 2008, partially offset by tax expense of approximately $140 million in
the second quarter of 2008 required for interest related to the tax treatment of certain of the Bancorp’s leveraged leases for previous tax years and the nondeductible portion of the charge of $965 million to record impairment of goodwill.

TABLE 12: APPLICABLE INCOME TAXES

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Income (loss) before income taxes and cumulative effect

$(2,664)

1,537

1,627

2,208

2,237

 Applicable income tax expense (benefit)

(551)

461

443

659

712

 Effective tax rate

(20.7)

%

30.0

27.2

29.9

31.8

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 29

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW 

 The Bancorp reports on five business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, Processing Solutions and Investment Advisors. Further
detailed financial information on each business segment is included in Note 28 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Results of the Bancorp’s business segments are presented based on its management structure and management accounting practices. The structure and accounting practices are specific to the Bancorp; therefore, the financial results of the
Bancorp’s business segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other financial institutions. The Bancorp refines its methodologies from time to time as management accounting practices are improved and businesses change.

The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the corporate level by employing a funds transfer pricing (FTP)
methodology. This methodology insulates the business segments from interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus on serving customers through loan originations and deposit taking. The FTP system assigns charge rates and credit rates to classes of
assets and liabilities, respectively, based on expected duration and the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) swap curve. Matching duration allocates interest income and interest expense to each segment so its resulting net interest income is
insulated from interest rate risk. In a rising rate environment, the Bancorp benefits from the widening spread between deposit costs and wholesale funding costs. However, the Bancorp’s FTP system credits this benefit to deposit-providing
businesses, such as Branch Banking and Investment Advisors, on a duration-adjusted basis. The net impact of the FTP methodology is captured in General Corporate and Other. 

The business segments are charged provision expense based on the actual net charge-offs experienced by the loans owned by each segment. Provision expense attributable to loan growth and changes
in factors in the allowance for loan and lease losses are captured in General Corporate and Other. The financial results of the business segments include allocations for shared services and headquarters expenses. Even with these allocations, the
financial results are not necessarily indicative of the business segments’ financial condition and results of operations as if they were to exist as independent entities. Additionally, the business segments form synergies by taking advantage of
cross-sell opportunities and when funding operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit. Net income (loss) available to common shareholders by business segment is summarized in Table 13. 

TABLE 13: BUSINESS SEGMENT NET INCOME (LOSS) AVAILABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Income Statement Data

 Commercial Banking

$(697)

698

693

 Branch Banking

568

620

563

 Consumer Lending

(108)

130

180

 Processing Solutions

182

163

139

 Investment Advisors

93

99

90

 General Corporate and Other

(2,151)

(634)

(477)

 Net income (loss)

(2,113)

1,076

1,188

 Dividends on preferred stock

67

1

-

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders

$(2,180)

1,075

1,188

Commercial Banking 

Commercial Banking offers banking, cash management and financial services to large and middle-market businesses, government and professional customers. In addition to the traditional lending and
depository offerings, Commercial 

Banking products and services include, among others, foreign exchange and international trade finance, derivatives and capital markets services, asset-based
lending, real estate finance, public finance, commercial leasing and syndicated finance. Table 14 contains selected financial data for the Commercial Banking segment. 

TABLE 14: COMMERCIAL BANKING

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income (FTE) (a)

$1,645

1,311

1,318

 Provision for loan and lease losses

1,864

127

99

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

(2)

(6)

(5)

 Service charges on deposits

186

154

146

 Corporate banking revenue

414

341

292

 Investment advisory revenue

5

3

3

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

-

-

 Other noninterest income

52

66

40

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

-

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

299

264

245

 Net occupancy expense

17

15

14

 Payment processing expense

1

-

-

 Technology and communications

(2)

4

-

 Equipment expense

4

3

2

 Goodwill impairment

750

-

-

 Other noninterest expense

599

514

467

 Income (loss) before taxes

(1,232)

942

967

 Applicable income tax expense (benefit)

(535)

244

274

 Net income (loss)

$(697)

698

693

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Commercial loans

$43,213

35,666

32,714

 Demand deposits

6,208

5,930

6,300

 Interest checking

4,536

4,107

3,875

 Savings and money market

4,047

4,461

5,053

 Certificates $100,000 and over & other time

2,293

1,855

1,774

 Foreign office deposits

1,932

1,486

515

(a)

Includes taxable equivalent adjustments of $15 million for 2008, $14 million for 2007 and $13 million for 2006. 

Comparison of 2008 with 2007 

Commercial Banking incurred a net loss of $697 million compared to net income of $698 million in 2007 as solid growth in net interest income and corporate banking revenue was more than offset by increased provision for loan and lease losses
and impairment to goodwill. The impairment charge of $750 million was taken in the fourth quarter of 2008 due to the decline in the estimated fair value of the Commercial Banking segment below its carrying value and the determination that the
implied fair value of the goodwill was less than its carrying value. Net interest income increased $334 million, or 25%, compared to the same period last year. The accretion of purchase accounting adjustments, totaling $204 million, primarily
related to the second quarter acquisition of First Charter drove the increase in net interest income with the remainder attributed to the growth in loans, partially funded by an increase in deposits. Average commercial loans and leases increased
21%, to $43.1 billion, over 2007 due to increased loan production within the Bancorp’s footprint during 2008, acquisitions since 2007, and the purchase of assets from an unconsolidated Qualified Special Purpose Entity (QSPE) under a liquidity
asset purchase agreement with the Bancorp. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the unconsolidated QSPE. Excluding the impact of $1.0 billion from acquisitions and $243 million from the use of
contingent liquidity facilities, average commercial loans increased approximately 17% compared to 2007. Average core deposits increased four percent due to growth in interest checking and foreign office deposits. 

 30

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases increased to 436 bp from 36 bp in 2007. Net charge-offs increased in comparison to 2007 due to weakening economies and the continuing deterioration of credit within the Bancorp’s
footprint, particularly in Michigan and Florida, involving commercial loans and commercial mortgage loans. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2008, the Bancorp sold or transferred to held-for-sale $1.3 billion in commercial loans and commercial
mortgage loans, resulting in $800 million in charge-offs on those loans, or 185 bp. 

Noninterest income increased $97
million compared to 2007 due to corporate banking revenue growth of $73 million and increased service charges on deposits of $32 million, both up 21%. Corporate banking revenue increased as a result of growth in foreign exchange derivative income,
which increased $38 million, to $90 million, during 2008 and in business lending fees, which increased $16 million, or 26%, compared to 2007. The increase in service charges on deposits was a result of higher volume-related business service charges
(net of discounts) and a reduction in the amount of offsetting earnings credits as short-term rates were lower in 2008 than 2007. 

Noninterest expense increased $868 million compared to 2007 primarily due to goodwill impairment of $750 million in 2008. The impairment charge was taken in the fourth quarter of 2008 due to the decline in the estimated fair value of the
Commercial Banking segment below its carrying value and the determination that the implied fair value of the goodwill was less than its carrying value. Also contributing to the growth in noninterest expense was sales incentives, which increased 22%
to $106 million compared to 2007 as a result of increased revenues, especially foreign exchange derivative income. Additionally, other noninterest expense increased due to growth in loan expenses of $33 million, to $65 million, during 2008 from
increased collection activities. 

Comparison of 2007 with 2006 

Net income increased $5 million compared to 2006 as a result of continued success in the sale of corporate banking services, offset by a higher provision for loan and lease losses and growth in
noninterest expense. 

Net interest income was modestly lower in comparison to 2006 due to a 32 bp decline in the spread
between loan yields and the related FTP charge. Average loans and leases increased nine percent over 2006, to $35.7 billion, with growth concentrated in C&I loans and commercial mortgage loans. The increase in commercial mortgage loans can be
attributed to loans acquired from R-G Crown Bank (Crown) in November 2007 and to the conversion of construction loans to permanent financing throughout 2007. Average core deposits increased modestly to $15.9 billion in 2007 compared to 2006. Net
charge-offs as a percent of average loans increased from 31 bp in 2006 to 36 bp in 2007 as the segment experienced an increase in charge-offs of commercial mortgage loans in parts of its footprint, specifically eastern Michigan and northeastern
Ohio. 

Noninterest income increased $82 million, or 17%, compared to 2006 largely due to an increase in corporate banking
revenue of $49 million, or 17%. Increases in corporate banking revenue occurred in all subcaptions as a result of a build-out of its commercial product offerings by the Commercial Banking segment. 

Noninterest expense increased $72 million, or 10%, in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to higher sales related incentives expense and
a volume-related increase in affordable housing investments expense. 

 Branch Banking 

Branch Banking provides a full range of deposit and loan and lease products to individuals and small businesses through 1,307 full-service banking
centers. Branch Banking offers depository and loan products, such as checking and savings accounts, home equity loans and lines of credit, credit cards and loans for automobile and other personal financing needs, as well as products designed to meet
the specific needs of small businesses, including cash management services. Table 15 contains selected financial data for the Branch Banking segment. 

TABLE 15: BRANCH BANKING

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Net interest income

$1,662

1,464

1,300

 Provision for loan and lease losses

352

162

108

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

189

174

159

 Service charges on deposits

447

421

365

 Corporate banking revenue

12

13

15

 Investment advisory revenue

84

90

87

 Mortgage banking net revenue

13

7

5

 Other noninterest income

67

73

80

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

-

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

517

479

455

 Net occupancy expense

159

136

121

 Payment processing expense

6

6

15

 Technology and communications

16

14

13

 Equipment expense

44

37

32

 Goodwill impairment

-

-

-

 Other noninterest expense

503

450

398

 Income before taxes

877

958

869

 Applicable income tax expense

309

338

306

 Net income

$568

620

563

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Consumer loans

$12,665

11,838

11,461

 Commercial loans

5,596

5,169

5,289

 Demand deposits

6,006

5,756

5,839

 Interest checking

7,845

8,692

10,578

 Certificates $100,000 and over & other time

13,749

13,729

13,031

 Savings and money market

16,184

14,623

11,886

Comparison of 2008 with 2007 

Net income decreased $52 million, or eight percent, compared to 2007 as increases in net interest income and service fees were more than offset by a higher provision for loan and lease losses and
increased salaries & incentives and net occupancy expense. Net interest income increased 14% compared to 2007 due to the increase in volume of higher yielding credit cards coupled with the FTP impact for increases in deposit balances. Also
impacting net interest income was the accretion of purchase accounting adjustments, totaling $43 million, primarily related to the second quarter acquisition of First Charter. Average loans and leases increased seven percent compared to 2007 as home
equity loans grew five percent due to acquisitions since 2007. The segment grew credit card balances by $396 million, or 36%, resulting from an increased focus on relationships with its current customers through the cross-selling of credit cards.
Average core deposits were up three percent compared to 2007 primarily due to acquisitions since 2007. 

Net charge-offs as
a percent of average loan and leases increased in 2008 to 194 bp from 95 bp in 2007. Net charge-offs increased in comparison to 2007 as the segment experienced higher charge-offs involving brokered home equity lines and loans, commercial loans and
credit cards. The increase of $63 million in charge-offs on home equity reflected borrower stress and a decrease in home prices primarily within the Bancorp’s footprint. Commercial loan charge-offs increased $41 million compared to 2007 due to
the weakening economy and the 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 31

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

continuing deterioration of commercial credit, particularly in Michigan and Florida. Charge-offs involving credit cards increased $44 million compared to
2007 due to higher card balances and the resulting increase in losses upon the maturation of the portfolio. 

Noninterest
income increased $34 million, or four percent, compared to 2007 primarily due to an increase in service charges on deposits of $26 million, or six percent. The increase in deposit fees, including consumer overdraft fees, is attributed to higher
customer activity in comparison to 2007. 

Noninterest expense increased $123 million, or 11%, compared to 2007 as salaries
and incentives increased eight percent due to higher incentives paid from increased revenues in 2008. Additionally, net occupancy and equipment costs increased 17% as a result of additional banking centers. Since 2007, the Bancorp’s banking
centers have increased by 80 to 1,307 as of December 31, 2008, mainly due to acquisitions, which contributed 69 banking centers. Other noninterest expense increased 12%, which can be attributed to higher loan cost associated with collections.

Comparison of 2007 with 2006 

Net income increased $57 million, or 10%, compared to 2006 as the segment benefited from increased interest rates through the majority of 2007 and increased service charges on deposits. Net interest income increased
$164 million as increases in total deposits were partially offset by a deposit mix shift toward higher paying deposit account types. Average core deposits increased three percent, to $39.9 billion, compared to 2006. Average loans and leases
increased two percent to $17.0 billion, led by growth in credit card balances of 56%. 

The provision for loan and lease
losses increased $54 million over 2006 due to the deteriorating credit environment involving home equity loans, particularly in Michigan and Florida. Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases increased significantly from 64 bp to 95
bp, with much of the increase occurring in the fourth quarter of 2007. The Bancorp experienced growth in charge-offs on home equity lines and loans with high loan-to-value (LTV) ratios, reflecting borrower stress and lower home prices. 

Noninterest income increased nine percent from 2006 as service charges on deposits grew 15% compared to the prior year due to growth
in consumer deposit fees driven by new account openings and higher levels of customer activity. 

Noninterest expense
increased eight percent compared to 2006. Net occupancy and equipment expenses increased 13% compared to 2006 as a result of the continued opening of new banking centers. 

Consumer Lending 

Consumer Lending includes the Bancorp’s mortgage, home equity,
automobile and other indirect lending activities. Mortgage and home equity lending activities include the origination, retention and servicing of mortgage and home equity loans or lines of credit, sales and securitizations of those loans or pools of
loans or lines of credit and all associated hedging activities. Other indirect lending activities include loans to consumers through mortgage brokers, automobile dealers and federal and private student education loans. Table 

16 contains selected financial data for the Consumer Lending segment. 

TABLE 16: CONSUMER LENDING

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$497

404

409

 Provision for loan and lease losses

425

149

94

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

-

-

-

 Service charges on deposits

-

-

-

 Corporate banking revenue

-

-

-

 Investment advisory revenue

-

-

-

 Mortgage banking net revenue

184

122

148

 Other noninterest income

38

69

76

 Securities gains (losses), net

124

6

3

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

134

74

87

 Net occupancy expense

8

8

7

 Payment processing expense

-

-

-

 Technology and communications

2

2

2

 Equipment expense

1

1

1

 Goodwill impairment

215

-

-

 Other noninterest expense

224

167

167

 Income (loss) before taxes

(166)

200

278

 Applicable income tax expense (benefit)

(58)

70

98

 Net income (loss)

$(108)

130

180

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Residential mortgage loans

$10,699

10,156

9,523

 Home equity

1,143

1,328

1,311

 Automobile loans

7,989

9,712

8,560

 Consumer leases

797

917

1,328

Comparison of 2008 with 2007 

Consumer Lending incurred a net loss of $108 million compared to net income of $130 million in 2007 as the increases in net interest income and mortgage banking net revenue and securities gains
were more than offset by growth in provision for loan and lease losses and goodwill impairment. The impairment charge of $215 million was taken in the fourth quarter of 2008 due to the decline in the estimated fair value of the Consumer Lending
segment below its carrying value and the determination that the implied fair value of the goodwill was less than its carrying value. The growth in net interest income compared to 2007 was primarily driven by a rebound in mortgage rate spreads,
partially offset by the decrease in interest-earning assets. Net interest income was also impacted by the accretion of purchase accounting adjustments, totaling $60 million, primarily related to the second quarter acquisition of First Charter.
Average residential mortgage loans increased six percent compared to 2007 due to acquisitions, including Crown in the fourth quarter of 2007 and First Charter in the second quarter of 2008. Average automobile loans decreased 18% compared to 2007 due
to securitizations totaling $2.7 billion in 2008. Net charge-offs as a percent of average loan and leases increased from 73 bp in 2007 to 221 bp in 2008. Net charge-offs, primarily in residential mortgage loans, increased in comparison to 2007 due
to the weakening economy and continuing deterioration of real estate values within the Bancorp’s footprint, particularly in Michigan and Florida. The segment continues to focus on managing credit risk through the restructuring of certain
residential mortgage and home equity 

 32

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

loans in addition to careful consideration of underwriting and collection standards. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp had restructured approximately
$462 million and $248 million of residential mortgage loans and home equity loans, respectively, to mitigate losses due to declining collateral values. 

Mortgage originations decreased to $11.2 billion in 2008 from $11.4 billion in 2007 due to lower application volumes in the second half of 2008 resulting from market disruptions. The increase in sales margins on loans
held for sale and sales volume of portfolio loans were the primary reasons for increased mortgage banking net revenue compared to 2007. Also contributing to the increase in mortgage banking net revenue in 2008 was the $65 million impact from the
adoption of SFAS No. 159, as of January 1, 2008, on residential mortgage loans held for sale. Prior to adoption, mortgage loan origination costs were capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the loan and recognized as a reduction of
mortgage banking net revenue upon the sale of the loans. Subsequent to the adoption, mortgage loan origination costs are recognized in earnings when incurred, which primarily drove the increase in salaries and incentives in comparison to 2007. The
increase in other noninterest expense compared to 2007 can be attributed to higher loan processing costs from increased collection activities. 

Comparison of 2007 with 2006 

Net income decreased $50 million, or 28%, compared to 2006 despite increased
originations, due to an increase in provision for loan and lease losses and decreased gain on sale margins. Average residential mortgage loans increased seven percent compared to 2006 due to increased mortgage originations and loans acquired from
Crown. Net charge-offs increased to 73 bp in 2007, an increase from 47 bp in 2006, due to greater severity of loss on residential mortgages and automobile loans related to declining real estate prices and a market surplus of used automobiles,
respectively. 

Noninterest income decreased 14% compared to 2006 due to a decline in mortgage banking net revenue. The
Bancorp’s mortgage originations were $11.4 billion and $9.4 billion in 2007 and 2006, respectively. Despite the increase in originations, gain on sale margins decreased due to widening credit spreads in the residential mortgage market,
resulting in a decrease in mortgage banking net revenue of $26 million, or 18%. 

Processing Solutions 

Fifth Third Processing Solutions provides electronic funds transfer, debit, credit and merchant
transaction processing, operates the Jeanie®
 ATM network and provides other data processing services to affiliated and unaffiliated customers. Table 17 contains selected financial data for
the Processing Solutions segment. 

TABLE 17: PROCESSING SOLUTIONS

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Net interest income

$7

(6)

(3)

 Provision for loan and lease losses

16

11

9

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

796

700

601

 Service charges on deposits

1

(1)

(1)

 Corporate banking revenue

-

3

1

 Investment advisory revenue

-

-

-

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

-

-

 Other noninterest income

46

41

35

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

(1)

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

80

75

70

 Net occupancy expense

4

4

3

 Payment processing expense

265

237

169

 Technology and communications

42

31

32

 Equipment expense

2

4

4

 Goodwill impairment

-

-

-

 Other noninterest expense

161

123

130

 Income before taxes

280

252

215

 Applicable income tax expense

98

89

76

 Net income

$182

163

139

Comparison of 2008 with 2007 

Net income increased $19 million, or 12%, compared to 2007 as the segment continues to increase its presence in the electronic payment processing business. The segment continues to realize
year-over-year growth in transaction volumes and revenue growth, despite the negative effect of the slowdown in consumer spending, due to the addition and conversion of large national clients over the past year and current initiatives involving
merchant pricing and sales. Financial institutions processing revenues increased $50 million, or 16%, driven by higher transaction volumes. Merchant processing revenue increased $29 million, or nine percent, over 2007 as growth in the number of
merchants and overall transaction volume was partially offset by lower average dollar amounts per transaction. Growth in card issuer interchange of $17 million, or 25%, can be attributed to organic growth in the Bancorp’s credit card portfolio.

Payment processing expense increased $28 million, or 12%, from 2007 due to higher network charges of $189 million, an
increase of $23 million, or 14% from 2007. The increase in network charges is a result of increased transaction volumes as financial institution transactions and merchant transactions processed both increased in comparison to 2007. Noninterest
expense also increased due to higher volume-related technology and communications expense. 

Comparison of 2007 with 2006 

Net income increased $24 million, or 17%, versus the prior year as electronic payment processing revenues continued to produce double-digit
increases. Merchant processing increased $55 million due to the addition and conversion of large national clients throughout 2007. Card issuer interchange revenues increased primarily due to new customer additions and the resulting higher card sales
volumes from the success in the Bancorp’s initiative to increase credit card penetration of its customer base. 

The
strong increase in noninterest income was mitigated by a 19% increase in noninterest expense due to network charges resulting from increased transaction volume in addition to expenses related to the conversion of large merchant contracts.

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 33

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 Investment Advisors 

Investment
Advisors provides a full range of investment alternatives for individuals, companies and not-for-profit organizations. The Bancorp’s primary services include investments, private banking, trust, asset management, retirement plans and custody.
Fifth Third Securities, Inc., (FTS) an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, offers full service retail brokerage services to individual clients and broker dealer services to the institutional marketplace. Fifth Third Asset Management,
Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, provides asset management services and also advises the Bancorp’s proprietary family of mutual funds. Table 18 contains selected financial data for the Investment Advisors segment.

TABLE 18: INVESTMENT ADVISORS

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$183

153

138

 Provision for loan and lease losses

49

12

4

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

2

1

1

 Service charges on deposits

9

7

7

 Corporate banking revenue

18

10

7

 Investment advisory revenue

354

386

367

 Mortgage banking net revenue

1

2

2

 Other noninterest income

2

1

2

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

-

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

159

167

172

 Net occupancy expense

10

10

10

 Payment processing expense

-

-

-

 Technology and communications

2

2

2

 Equipment expense

1

1

1

 Goodwill impairment

-

-

-

 Other noninterest expense

204

215

196

 Income before taxes

144

153

139

 Applicable income tax expense

51

54

49

 Net income

$93

99

90

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Loans

$3,527

3,206

3,067

 Core deposits

4,666

4,959

4,651

Comparison of 2008 with 2007 

Net income decreased $6 million, or six percent, compared to 2007 as higher net interest income and decreased operating expenses were more than offset by a higher provision for loan and lease
losses and lower investment advisory income. The segment grew loans by 10% and benefited from an overall decrease in interest rates to increase net interest income $30 million, or 20%, as spreads widened due to decreases in funding costs. Average
core deposits declined six percent compared to 2007. The decrease in core deposits was primarily due to a 16% decline in interest checking balances. 

Noninterest income decreased $22 million, or five percent, compared to 2007, as investment advisory income decreased eight percent, to $354 million. Included in the decrease of investment advisory income was a decline
in broker income of $11 million, or nine percent, driven by clients moving to lower fee, cash based products from equity products due to extreme market volatility and a decline in transaction based revenues. Additionally, institutional trust revenue
within investment advisory income decreased $7 million, or eight percent, due to overall lower asset values. Noninterest expense decreased $19 million, or five percent, compared to 2007 as the segment continued to focus on expense control by
reducing personnel and canceling certain projects. 

 Comparison of 2007 with 2006

Net income increased $9 million, or 10%, compared to 2006 on increases in investment advisory revenue of five percent. Net interest
income increased 11% to $153 million on a five percent increase in average loans and leases and a seven percent increase in core deposits. Overall, noninterest income increased six percent from 2006. Fifth Third Private Bank, the Bancorp’s
wealth management group, increased revenues by six percent on execution of cross-sell initiatives. Brokerage income also increased seven percent compared to 2006 as the overall equity markets performed well for much of 2007 and the segment increased
the number of registered representatives. The segment realized only modest gains in institutional services income. Noninterest expenses remained contained, increasing four percent compared to 2006. 

General Corporate and Other 

General Corporate and Other includes the unallocated portion of the investment securities portfolio, securities gains/losses, certain non-core deposit funding, unassigned equity, provision expense in excess of net charge-offs, the payment
of preferred stock dividends and certain support activities and other items not attributed to the business segments. 

Comparison of
2008 with 2007 

The results of General Corporate and Other were primarily impacted by the significant increase in the provision
expense in excess of net charge-offs, which increased from $167 million in 2007 to $1.9 billion in 2008. The results in 2008 also included $273 million in income related to the redemption of a portion of Fifth Third’s ownership interests in
Visa, $99 million in net reductions to noninterest expense to reflect the reversal of a portion of the litigation reserve related to the Bancorp’s indemnification of Visa, $229 million after-tax impact of charges relating to certain leveraged
leases, charges related to a reduction in the current cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies totaling $215 million, OTTI charges totaling $104 million from FNMA and FHLMC preferred stock and certain bank trust preferred
securities, and a net benefit of $40 million from the resolution of the CitFed litigation. The results in 2007 included a charge of $177 million related to a reduction in the current cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies
and charges totaling $172 million related to the Visa settlement with American Express. 

Comparison of 2007 with 2006

Results were primarily impacted by a charge of $177 million to reduce the cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI
policies, charges totaling $172 million related to the Visa settlement with American Express, and the increase in provision expense in excess of net charge-offs compared to the prior year. Provision expense over charge-offs increased by
approximately $139 million compared to 2006 as the allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loan and leases increased from 1.04% as of December 31, 2006 to 1.17% as of December 31, 2007. The increase is attributable to a
number of factors including an increase in delinquencies, the severity of loss due to real estate price deterioration and automobile loans and credit card balances. 

 34

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FOURTH QUARTER REVIEW 

 The Bancorp’s 2008 fourth quarter net loss was $2.2 billion, or $3.82 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $81 million, or $0.14 per diluted
share, for the third quarter of 2008 and net income of $16 million, or $0.03 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2007. Fourth quarter 2008 earnings were negatively impacted by a number of charges including: a $965 million charge to record
impairment on goodwill, $40 million in OTTI charges on securities, a $34 million charge to lower the current cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies and provision expense of $2.4 billion. Provision expense included the effect
of actions taken to address areas of the loan portfolio exhibiting the most significant credit deterioration as the Bancorp sold or transferred to held-for-sale loans with a carrying value of approximately $1.3 billion. Approximately 90% of these
loans were commercial real estate secured loans in Florida and Michigan. Overall, net charge-offs on loans sold or transferred to held-for-sale during the fourth quarter totaled $800 million. Additionally, provision expense was impacted by a
significant increase in the reserve for loan and lease losses to $2.8 billion, resulting in an allowance to loan and lease ratio of 3.31% as of December 31, 2008, compared to 2.41% as of September 30, 2008 and 1.17% as of December 31,
2007. Fourth quarter 2007 earnings were negatively impacted by a charge of $177 million to lower the current cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies and a charge of $94 million related to Visa members’ indemnification of
future litigation settlements. 

Fourth quarter 2008 net interest income (FTE) of $897 million decreased $171 million from
the third quarter of 2008 and increased $112 million from the same period a year ago. Third and fourth quarter net interest income was affected by the loan discount accretion related to the second quarter of 2008 acquisition of First Charter.
Excluding the benefit of the loan discount accretion of $81 million in the fourth quarter and $215 million in the third quarter, net interest income declined $37 million, or four percent, from the third quarter of 2008 and increased $31 million, or
four percent, from the fourth quarter of 2007. The sequential decline was driven by a number of factors which included the effect of higher nonperforming loan balances, a change in the mix of deposits to higher priced savings and time deposits as a
result of the highly competitive pricing environment and the effect of a greater concentration in lower yielding commercial loans. The year-over-year increase in net interest income was due to the nine percent growth in interest-earning assets,
partially offset by margin compression due to the factors above. 

Noninterest income of $642 million decreased by $75
million compared to the third quarter of 2008 and increased $133 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Fourth quarter 2008 results included a $34 million charge to reduce the cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies,
compared to a charge of $27 million in the third quarter of 2008 and a $177 million charge in the fourth quarter of 2007. Third quarter results were also impacted by a $76 million gain related to a satisfactory resolution of the CitFed litigation.
Excluding the above items and non-mortgage related securities gains/losses, noninterest income decreased $15 million, or two percent, compared to the sequential quarter and increased $38 million, or six percent, compared to the same quarter a year
ago. The sequential decrease is a result of lower consumer activity levels, including average credit and debit card transaction and consumer deposit activity, while the year-over-year increase is a result of the growth in customers, particularly in
commercial and Fifth Third Processing Solutions. 

Electronic payment processing (EPP) revenue of $230 million declined two
percent compared to the third quarter of 2008 and increased three percent from the fourth quarter of 2007. Merchant processing revenue was flat sequentially and compared to the same quarter last year, as the benefit of continued account acquisition
was offset by a decline in average dollar amount per credit card transaction due to lower consumer 

spending. Financial institutions revenue decreased three percent compared with the previous quarter, relating to lower transaction volumes in a weaker
economic environment, and grew four percent from the fourth quarter of 2007 on higher transaction volumes. Card issuer interchange revenue declined two percent sequentially, driven primarily by a decline in the average dollar amount per debit and
credit card transaction. Card issuer interchange revenue increased seven percent from the previous year, driven by higher credit card transactions as a result of the Bancorp’s credit card growth initiative, partially offset by a lower dollar
amount per transaction. 

Service charges on deposits of $162 million decreased six percent sequentially and increased two
percent compared with the same quarter last year. Retail service charges decreased 12% from the third quarter of 2008 and seven percent from the fourth quarter of 2007 due to lower checking account transaction volumes. Commercial service charges
increased three percent sequentially and 14% compared with last year. This growth primarily reflected an increase in customer accounts and lower market interest rates, as reduced earnings credit rates paid on customer balances have resulted in
higher realized net services fees to pay for treasury management services. 

Corporate banking revenue of $121 million
increased by $17 million, or 16% from the previous quarter and $15 million, or 14% on a year-over-year basis and was driven by growth in most subcaptions as the Bancorp realized gains from the build out of its commercial product offerings in 2007.

Investment advisory revenue of $78 million was down 13% sequentially and 17% from the fourth quarter of 2007 reflecting
lower asset values on market declines and a shift in assets from equity products to lower yielding money market funds due to extreme market volatility. 

Mortgage banking net revenue was a net loss of $29 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, a net gain of $45 million in the third quarter of 2008 and a net gain of $26 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Including
securities gains on non-qualifying hedges on MSRs, income from mortgage banking activity was flat compared to the third quarter of 2008 and increased $35 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Fourth quarter originations were $2.1 billion,
compared to $2.0 billion from the previous quarter and $2.7 billion from the same quarter last year. The adoption of SFAS No. 159 for mortgage banking in the first quarter of 2008 contributed $12 million of the year-over-year increase in
mortgage banking revenue, with corresponding origination costs recorded in noninterest expense. 

Net losses on investment
securities were $40 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 compared with a net loss of $63 million last quarter. The fourth quarter losses were driven by an OTTI charge of $37 million on trust preferred securities. As of December 31, 2008, the
Bancorp held $154 million in trust preferred securities. 

Noninterest expense of $2.0 billion increased $1.1 billion both
sequentially and from a year ago. The significant increase in expenses was primarily driven by the $965 million charge to record goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of 2008. Excluding this charge, noninterest expense of $1.1 billion increased
$90 million sequentially and $117 million from a year ago. Fourth quarter results included higher expenses related to the difficult operating environment that included higher provision for unfunded commitments, higher reinsurance reserve accruals to
cover losses on proprietary private residential mortgage insurance and increased derivative counterparty marks. The combination of these expenses accounted for expense increases of $91 million sequentially and $96 million compared to the previous
year. Additionally, fourth quarter 2008 results included an estimated net $8 million charge due to changes in loss estimates related to our indemnification obligation with Visa, while third quarter results included a $45 million charge

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 35

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

related to Visa litigation, $36 million related to legal expenses associated with the satisfactory resolution of a the CitFed litigation, and $7 million in
seasonally higher pension expense. Fourth quarter 2007 results included a $94 million charge due to Visa litigation and $8 million in acquisition related expenses. On a year-over-year comparison basis, acquisitions added approximately $26 million of
additional operating expense, and the impact of the adoption of SFAS No. 159 on the classification of mortgage origination costs has added approximately $12 million. Remaining expense growth on both a sequential and year-over-year basis was
attributable to higher volume-related payment processing expense, increased equipment and occupancy expense, and higher loan and lease processing costs as a result of increased collection activities. 

Net charge-offs totaled $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. Results included net charge-offs of $800 million on commercial loans that
were either sold or transferred to held-for-sale during the quarter. Loss experience continued to be primarily associated with commercial residential builder and developer loans and consumer residential real estate loans, and to be
disproportionately concentrated in Michigan and Florida. In aggregate, Florida and Michigan represented approximately 66% of total losses during the quarter and less than 30% of total loans and leases. Losses on commercial and consumer real estate
loans in these states represented approximately 56% of total fourth quarter net charge-offs. Net charge-offs on loans to homebuilders and developers represented $568 million, or 35% of total net charge-offs. Provision for loan and lease losses
totaled $2.8 billion in the fourth quarter of 2008, exceeding net charge-offs by $729 million. The increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses was reflective of a number of factors including; increased estimated loss factors due to negative
trends in nonperforming assets and overall delinquencies; increased loss estimates due to the real estate price deterioration in some of the Bancorp’s key lending markets; and significant declines in general economic conditions. 

COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED 2007 WITH 2006 

Net income for the year ended 2007 was $1.1 billion, or $1.99 per diluted share, a nine percent decrease compared to $1.2 billion, or $2.13 per diluted share, earned in 2006. Overall, increases in net interest margin
and fee revenue were offset by a $177 million charge to lower the current cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies and increased provision for loan and lease losses. The BOLI charge reflected a decrease in the cash surrender
value due to declines in the value of the policy’s underlying investments due to significant disruptions in the financial markets and widening credit spreads. Provision for loan and lease losses increased $285 million over 2006 to

$628 million, a result of the deteriorating credit environment. 

Net interest income (FTE) increased five percent compared to 2006. Net interest margin increased to 3.36% in 2007 from 3.06% in 2006 largely due to the balance sheet actions taken in the fourth
quarter of 2006 to improve the asset/liability mix of the Bancorp and reduce the size of the Bancorp’s available-for-sale securities portfolio to a size that was more consistent with its liquidity, collateral and interest rate risk management
requirements. 

Noninterest income increased 23% compared to 2006. Noninterest income in 2007 reflects the impact of the
previously mentioned $177 million BOLI charge, while the 2006 results included $415 million in losses related to the fourth quarter balance sheet actions. Excluding these items, noninterest income increased nine percent compared to 2006 with growth
in electronic payment processing, service charges on deposits and corporate banking revenue partially offset by lower mortgage banking net revenue. 

Noninterest expense increased 14% compared to 2006. Noninterest expense in 2007 included $172 million in charges related to the Bancorp’s indemnification of estimated current and future Visa litigation
settlements and $8 million of acquisition-related costs, while 2006 results included $49 million in charges related to the termination of debt and other financing agreements. Excluding these items, noninterest expense increased nine percent
resulting from volume-based transaction growth in payment processing, higher technology related expenses reflecting infrastructure upgrades and higher occupancy expense from continued de novo banking center growth. During 2007, the Bancorp opened 77
additional banking centers through acquisitions and de novo expansion. 

In 2007, net charge-offs as a percent of average
loans and leases were 61 bp compared to 44 bp in 2006. A majority of the increase in net charge-offs were due to the weakened real estate markets in the Upper Midwest and Florida, which suppressed collateral values. At December 31, 2007,
nonperforming assets as a percent of loans and leases increased to 1.32% from .61% at December 31, 2006. The Bancorp increased its allowance for loan and lease losses as percent of loans and leases from 1.04% as December 31, 2006 to 1.17%
as of December 31, 2007. 

During 2007, the Bancorp completed its acquisition of Crown, a subsidiary of R&G
Financial Corporation, with $2.8 billion in assets and $1.7 billion in deposits located in Florida and Augusta, Georgia. Additionally, on August 16, 2007, the Bancorp announced its introduction into the North Carolina markets of Charlotte and
Raleigh with an agreement to acquire First Charter, which was completed in the second quarter of 2008. 

 36

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 

 Loans and Leases 

Total loans and leases increased $1.0 billion, or one percent, over 2007. The growth in total loans and leases was due to
acquisitions since 2007, the use of contingent liquidity facilities related to certain off-balance sheet programs and increased loan production across the Bancorp’s footprint, partially offset by loan securitizations. 

Total commercial loans and leases increased $3.6 billion, or eight percent, compared to December 31, 2007. The increase was
primarily driven by growth in commercial loans of $3.1 billion, or 12%, compared to 2007 resulting from $1.8 billion from acquisitions since 2007 and $849 million from the use of contingent liquidity facilities related to certain off-balance sheet
programs that were drawn upon in 2008. Included within the contingent liquidity facilities were approximately $187 million of loans outstanding at December 31, 2008 that were repurchased from a QSPE under the Bancorp’s liquidity asset
purchase agreement. Also included in commercial loans at December 31, 2008 were $173 million in draws on outstanding letters of credit that were supporting certain securities issued as VRDNs. For further information on these arrangements, see
the Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements section and Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Commercial
mortgage loans increased eight percent compared to 2007, which primarily included the impact of acquisitions since 2007 of $971 million. The Bancorp’s largest gains in outstanding loans among industries included the financial services and
insurance, manufacturing, healthcare and business services. Reductions among originations to the real estate and construction industries were offset by the second quarter 2008 acquisition of First Charter. In aggregate, commercial loans in the
states of Michigan and Florida as a percentage of total commercial loans was 26% as of December 31, 2008 compared to 31% as of December 31, 2007. 

 Total consumer loans and
leases decreased $2.6 billion, or seven percent, compared to 2007, as a result of the decreases in automobile loans and residential mortgage loans partially offset by credit card and home equity loan growth. Automobile loans decreased by
approximately $2.6 billion, or 23%, due largely to automobile loan securitizations of $2.7 billion during the first quarter of 2008. Despite growth of $535 million of loans from acquisitions since 2007, residential mortgage loans were $10.3 billion
at December 31, 2008, down 10% from 2007, due to the sale of $1.7 billion of portfolio loans in 2008 compared to $572 million in 2007. Credit card loans increased to $1.8 billion, an increase of 14% over 2007, due to continued success in
cross-selling credit cards to its existing retail customer base. Home equity loans increased $878 million, primarily due to acquisitions since 2007. 

Average total commercial loans and leases increased $8.0 billion, or 19%, compared to 2007. The increase in average total commercial loans and leases was primarily driven by growth in commercial loans and commercial
mortgage loans, which increased 27% and 15%, respectively, over 2007. The increase in average commercial loans was driven by the use of contingent liquidity facilities related to certain off-balance sheet programs. The growth in commercial mortgage
loans included the impact of acquisitions since 2007 of $693 million. 

Average total consumer loans and leases decreased
$468 million, or one percent, compared to 2007 as a result of a decrease in automobile loans of 17% largely due to the aforementioned automobile securitizations that occurred in the first quarter of 2008. The decline was partially offset by growth
in credit card balances of $432 million, or 34%, and home equity loans of $504 million, or five percent. Acquisitions since 2007 impacted the change in residential mortgage loans and home equity loans by $1.5 billion and $409 million, respectively.

TABLE 19: COMPONENTS OF TOTAL LOANS AND LEASES (INCLUDES HELD FOR SALE)

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Commercial:

 Commercial loans

$29,220

26,079

20,831

19,377

16,107

 Commercial mortgage

12,952

11,967

10,405

9,188

7,636

 Commercial construction

5,114

5,561

6,168

6,342

4,348

 Commercial leases

3,666

3,737

3,841

3,698

3,426

 Subtotal - commercial

50,952

47,344

41,245

38,605

31,517

 Consumer:

 Residential mortgage loans

10,292

11,433

9,905

8,991

7,912

 Home equity

12,752

11,874

12,154

11,805

10,318

 Automobile loans

8,594

11,183

10,028

9,396

7,734

 Credit card

1,811

1,591

1,004

788

794

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,194

1,157

1,167

1,644

2,092

 Subtotal - consumer

34,643

37,238

34,258

32,624

28,850

 Total loans and leases

$85,595

84,582

75,503

71,229

60,367

TABLE 20: COMPONENTS OF AVERAGE TOTAL LOANS AND LEASES (INCLUDES HELD FOR SALE)

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Commercial:

 Commercial loans

$28,426

22,351

20,504

18,310

14,955

 Commercial mortgage

12,776

11,078

9,797

8,923

7,391

 Commercial construction

5,846

5,661

6,015

5,525

3,807

 Commercial leases

3,680

3,683

3,730

3,495

3,296

 Subtotal - commercial

50,728

42,773

40,046

36,253

29,449

 Consumer:

 Residential mortgage loans

10,993

10,489

9,574

8,982

6,801

 Home equity

12,269

11,887

12,070

11,228

9,584

 Automobile loans

8,925

10,704

9,570

8,649

8,128

 Credit card

1,708

1,276

838

728

740

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,212

1,219

1,395

1,897

2,340

 Subtotal - consumer

35,107

35,575

33,447

31,484

27,593

 Total average loans and leases

$85,835

78,348

73,493

67,737

57,042

 Total average portfolio loans and leases (excludes held for sale)

$83,895

76,033

72,447

66,685

55,951

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 37

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 21: COMPONENTS OF INVESTMENT SECURITIES 

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Trading:

 Variable rate demand notes

$1,140

-

-

-

-

 Other securities

51

171

187

117

77

 Total trading

$1,191

171

187

117

77

 Available-for-sale and other: (amortized cost basis)

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$186

3

1,396

506

503

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

1,651

160

100

2,034

2,036

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

323

490

603

657

823

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

8,529

8,738

7,999

16,127

17,571

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

613

385

172

2,119

2,862

 Other securities

1,248

1,045

966

1,090

1,006

 Total available-for-sale and other

$12,550

10,821

11,236

22,533

24,801

 Held-to-maturity:

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

$355

351

345

378

245

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

5

4

11

11

10

 Total held-to-maturity

$360

355

356

389

255

 Investment Securities 

The Bancorp uses investment securities as a means of managing interest rate risk, providing liquidity support and providing collateral for pledging purposes. As of December 31, 2008, total investment securities were $14.3 billion
compared to $11.2 billion at December 31, 2007. 

Securities are classified as trading when bought and held
principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Securities are classified as available-for-sale when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response to, or in anticipation of, changes in market conditions. The
Bancorp’s 

management has evaluated the securities in an unrealized loss position in the available-for-sale portfolio for OTTI on the basis of both the duration of the
decline in value of the security and the severity of that decline, and maintains the intent and ability to hold these securities to the earlier of the recovery of the loss or maturity. Securities, which management has the intent and ability to hold
to maturity and are classified as held-to-maturity are reported at amortized cost. 

At December 31, 2008, the
Bancorp’s investment portfolio primarily consisted of AAA-rated agency mortgage-backed securities. The investment portfolio includes FHLMC preferred 

TABLE 22: CHARACTERISTICS OF AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE AND OTHER SECURITIES 

As of December 31, 2008 ($ in millions)

Amortized Cost

Fair Value

Weighted-AverageLife (in years)

Weighted-AverageYield

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies:

 Average life of one year or less

$41

$41

0.8

2.11

%

 Average life 1 – 5 years

143

147

1.5

2.10

 Average life 5 – 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Average life greater than 10 years

2

2

11.2

2.46

 Total

186

190

1.5

2.11

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies:

 Average life of one year or less

164

165

0.1

4.47

 Average life 1 – 5 years

168

174

1.7

3.10

 Average life 5 – 10 years

1,319

1,391

7.7

3.79

 Average life greater than 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Total

1,651

1,730

6.4

3.78

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions (a):

 Average life of one year or less

202

203

0.3

7.31

 Average life 1 – 5 years

71

72

2.5

7.18

 Average life 5 – 10 years

49

50

7.5

6.87

 Average life greater than 10 years

1

1

12.1

3.93

 Total

323

326

1.9

7.21

 Agency mortgage-backed securities:

 Average life of one year or less

909

919

0.7

5.44

 Average life 1 – 5 years

7,337

7,470

2.7

5.24

 Average life 5 – 10 years

282

291

5.6

5.28

 Average life greater than 10 years

1

1

10.4

5.09

 Total

8,529

8,681

2.6

5.26

 Other bonds, notes and debentures (b):

 Average life of one year or less

186

178

0.1

2.51

 Average life 1 – 5 years

265

242

3.0

7.27

 Average life 5 – 10 years

112

102

6.6

7.55

 Average life greater than 10 years

50

48

25.4

7.20

 Total

613

570

4.6

5.87

 Other securities (c)

1,248

1,231

 Total available-for-sale and other securities

$12,550

$12,728

3.2

5.08

%

(a)

Taxable-equivalent yield adjustments included in the above table are 2.46%, 2.13%, 0.26%, 1.32% and 2.05% for securities with an average life of one year or less, 1-5 years, 5-10
years, greater than 10 years and in total, respectively. 

(b)

Other bonds, notes, and debentures consist of commercial paper, non-agency mortgage backed securities, certain other asset backed securities (primarily automobile and commercial
loan backed securities) and corporate bond securities. 

(c)

Other securities consist of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and Federal Reserve Bank restricted stock holdings that are carried at par, FHLMC and FNMA preferred stock, certain
mutual fund holdings and equity security holdings. 

 38

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

stock and FNMA preferred securities with a remaining carrying value of $1 million after recognizing OTTI charges of $67 million during 2008. The Bancorp also
recognized OTTI charges of $37 million on certain trust preferred securities, which have a remaining carrying value of $79 million. Total trust preferred securities have a carrying value of $154 million at December 31, 2008. These charges were
recognized due to the severity of the decline in fair value of these securities throughout 2008. The Bancorp did not hold asset-backed securities backed by subprime mortgage loans in its investment portfolio at or for the year ended
December 31, 2008. Additionally, there were no material securities below investment grade as of December 31, 2008. 

Trading securities increased from $171 million as of December 31, 2007 to $1.2 billion as of December 31, 2008. The increase was driven by $1.1 billion of VRDNs held by the Bancorp in its trading securities portfolio. These
securities were purchased from the market during 2008, through FTS, who was also the remarketing agent. For more information on the Bancorp’s obligations in remarketing VRDNs, see Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

On an amortized cost basis, at the end of 2008, available-for-sale securities increased $1.7 billion since
December 31, 2007. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, available-for-sale securities were 12% and 11%, respectively, of interest-earning assets. Increases in the available-for-sale securities portfolio relate to the Bancorp’s overall
balance sheet growth coupled with the increased purchase of securities as a part of the Bancorp’s non-qualifying hedging strategy related to mortgage servicing rights. The estimated weighted-average life of the debt securities in the
available-for-sale portfolio was 3.2 years at December 31, 2008 compared to 6.8 years at December 31, 2007. The decrease in the weighted-average life of the debt securities portfolio was due to the decline in market rates during the fourth
quarter of 2008. The market rate decline increased the likelihood that borrowers would refinance, decreasing the weighted-average life of agency mortgage-backed securities, which are a majority of the Bancorp’s available-for-sale portfolio. At
December 31, 2008, the fixed-rate securities within the available-for-sale securities portfolio had a weighted-average yield of 5.08% compared to 5.31% at December 31, 2007. 

During the second half of 2007 and continuing through 2008, as part of its liquidity support agreement, the Bancorp

began to purchase investment grade commercial paper from an unconsolidated QSPE that is wholly owned by an independent third-party. The commercial paper has
maturities ranging from as little as one day to 90 days. The purchase and maturity of the commercial paper is the primary contributor to the increase in the purchases and sales of available-for-sale securities during 2008 and 2007. The commercial
paper is backed by the assets held by the QSPE and, as of the December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp held $143 million and $83 million of this commercial paper in its available-for-sale portfolio. Refer to the Off-balance Sheet Arrangements
section for more information on the QSPE. 

Information presented in Table 22 is on a weighted-average life basis,
anticipating future prepayments. Yield information is presented on an FTE basis and is computed using historical cost balances. Maturity and yield calculations for the total available-for-sale portfolio exclude equity securities that have no stated
yield or maturity. Market rates declined in 2008, particularly in the fourth quarter. This market rate decline led to unrealized gains of $152 million and $79 million, respectively, related to agency mortgage-backed securities and securities held
with U.S. Government sponsored agencies as of December 31, 2008. Total net unrealized gains on the available-for-sale securities portfolio was $178 million at December 31, 2008 compared to an unrealized loss of $144 million at
December 31, 2007 and a $183 million unrealized loss at December 31, 2006. 

Deposits 

Deposit balances represent an important source of funding and revenue growth opportunity. The Bancorp is continuing to focus on core deposit growth in its
retail and commercial franchises by expanding its retail franchise through acquisitions, offering competitive rates and enhancing its product offerings. At December 31, 2008, core deposits represented 55% of the Bancorp’s asset funding
base, compared to 59% at December 31, 2007. 

Included in core deposits are foreign office deposits, which are
Eurodollar sweep accounts for the Bancorp’s commercial customers. These accounts bear interest at rates slightly higher than money market accounts, but the Bancorp does not have to pay FDIC insurance nor hold collateral. Other deposits consist
of brokered savings and money market deposits and the Bancorp uses these, as well as certificates of deposit $100,000 and over, as a 

TABLE 23: DEPOSITS

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Demand

$15,287

14,404

14,331

14,609

13,486

 Interest checking

13,826

15,254

15,993

18,282

19,481

 Savings

16,063

15,635

13,181

11,276

8,310

 Money market

4,689

6,521

6,584

6,129

4,321

 Foreign office

2,144

2,572

1,353

421

153

 Transaction deposits

52,009

54,386

51,442

50,717

45,751

 Other time

14,350

11,440

10,987

9,313

6,837

 Core deposits

66,359

65,826

62,429

60,030

52,588

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

11,851

6,738

6,628

4,343

2,121

 Other

403

2,881

323

3,061

3,517

 Total deposits

$78,613

75,445

69,380

67,434

58,226

 TABLE 24: AVERAGE DEPOSITS

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Demand

$14,017

13,261

13,741

13,868

12,327

 Interest checking

14,095

14,820

16,650

18,884

19,434

 Savings

16,192

14,836

12,189

10,007

7,941

 Money market

6,127

6,308

6,366

5,170

3,473

 Foreign office

2,153

1,762

732

248

85

 Transaction deposits

52,584

50,987

49,678

48,177

43,260

 Other time

11,135

10,778

10,500

8,491

6,208

 Core deposits

63,719

61,765

60,178

56,668

49,468

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

9,531

6,466

5,795

4,001

2,403

 Other

2,163

1,393

2,979

3,719

4,364

 Total average deposits

$75,413

69,624

68,952

64,388

56,235

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 39

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

method to fund earning asset growth. 

Core deposits increased one percent compared to 2007 due to acquisitions during the past year. Exclusive of acquisitions, core deposits decreased three percent, as growth in demand, savings, and other time deposits was more than offset by a
three percent decrease in interest-bearing core deposits as a result of increased competitor pricing on time deposits. A majority of the increase in deposit pricing was the result of the impact of the illiquidity in the marketplace that provided
other financial institutions limited access to alternative funding sources. The Bancorp increased its rates during the third quarter of 2008 to approximate competitor rates and experienced increases in its interest-bearing core deposit products
following these actions. 

Certificates $100,000 and over at December 31, 2008 increased by $5.1 billion and other
deposits decreased by $2.5 billion compared to December 31, 2007 primarily driven by growth in customer jumbo CD’s and other time deposits in an overall effort by the Bancorp to reduce exposure to market related funding. 

On an average basis, core deposits increased three percent primarily due to acquisitions that occurred since 2007. Exclusive of
acquisitions, average core deposits remained flat compared to 2007 as increases in demand deposits due to decreased earnings credit rates were partially offset by the decrease in interest-bearing core deposit products. 

On an average basis, savings deposits increased nine percent primarily due to acquisitions that occurred since 2007. Exclusive of
acquisitions, average savings deposits increased seven percent. This growth is primarily due to a mix shift as customers migrated from lower yielding interest checking into higher yielding savings accounts. 

Borrowings 

Total borrowings
increased $1.8 billion, or eight percent, over 2007, to provide funding for the growth in the assets throughout 2008. As of December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, total 

borrowings as a percentage of interest-bearing liabilities remained consistent at 27%. 

Total short-term borrowings were $10.2 billion at December 31, 2008 compared to $9.2 billion at December 31, 2007. The
reduction in the overnight fed funds purchased balance was due to the receipt of $3.4 billion in equity funding from the U.S. Treasury under the CPP on December 31, 2008 and an increase in other short-term borrowings primarily through the
purchase of term funding through FHLB advances and Term Auction Facility funds. 

Long-term debt at December 31, 2008
increased six percent compared with December 31, 2007 due to increased fair value marks on hedged debt. Among debt issuances, new issuances during the first and second quarters of 2008 were offset by $2.1 billion of long-term bank notes
maturing during 2008. In February 2008, the Bancorp issued $1.0 billion of 8.25% subordinated notes, a portion of which were subsequently hedged to floating, with a maturity date of March 1, 2038. In April 2008, the Bancorp issued $750 million
of 6.25% senior notes with a maturity date of May 1, 2013. The notes are not subject to redemption at the Bancorp’s option at any time prior to maturity. Additionally, in May 2008, an unconsolidated trust issued $400 million of Tier
1-qualifying trust preferred securities and invested these proceeds in junior subordinated notes issued by the Bancorp. The notes mature on May 15, 2068 and bear a fixed rate of 8.875% until May 15, 2058. After May 15, 2058, the notes
bear interest at a variable rate of three-month LIBOR plus 5.00%. The Bancorp has subsequently entered into hedges related to these notes. 

Information on the average rates paid on borrowings is located in the Statements of Income Analysis. Further detail on the Bancorp’s long-term debt can be found in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. In addition, refer to the Liquidity Risk Management section for a discussion on the role of borrowings in the Bancorp’s liquidity management. 

 TABLE 25: BORROWINGS

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Federal funds purchased

$287

4,427

1,421

5,323

4,714

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

-

-

775

 Other short-term borrowings

9,959

4,747

2,796

4,246

4,537

 Long-term debt

13,585

12,857

12,558

15,227

13,983

 Total borrowings

$23,831

22,031

16,775

24,796

24,009

 40

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RISK MANAGEMENT 

 Managing risk is an essential component of successfully operating a financial services company. The Bancorp’s risk management function is responsible
for the identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting of risk and mitigation of those risks that are inconsistent with the Bancorp’s risk profile. The Enterprise Risk Management division (ERM), led by the Bancorp’s Chief
Risk Officer, ensures consistency in the Bancorp’s approach to managing and monitoring risk within the structure of the Bancorp’s affiliate operating model. In addition, the Internal Audit division provides an independent assessment of the
Bancorp’s internal control structure and related systems and processes. The risks faced by the Bancorp include, but are not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational and regulatory compliance. ERM includes the following key functions:

•

 Commercial Credit Risk Management provides safety and soundness within an independent portfolio management framework that supports the Bancorp’s Commercial
loan growth strategies and underwriting practices, ensuring portfolio optimization and appropriate risk controls; 

•

 Risk Strategies and Reporting is responsible for quantitative analysis needed to support the Commercial dual grading system, ALLL methodology and analytics
needed to assess credit risk and develop mitigation strategies related to that risk. The department also provides oversight, reporting and monitoring of commercial underwriting and credit administration processes. The Risk Strategies and Reporting
department is also responsible for the economic capital program; 

•

 Consumer Credit Risk Management provides safety and soundless within an independent management framework that supports the Bancorp’s Consumer loan growth
strategies, ensuring portfolio optimization, appropriate risk controls and oversight, reporting, and monitoring of underwriting and credit administration processes; 

•

 Operational Risk Management works with the line of business risk managers, affiliates and lines of business to maintain processes to monitor and manage all
aspects of operational risk including ensuring consistency in application of enterprise operational risk programs, Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, and serving as a policy clearinghouse for the Bancorp, including policies relating to credit, market and
operational risk. In addition, the Bank Protection function oversees and manages fraud prevention and detection and provide investigative and recovery services for the Bancorp; 

•

 Capital Markets Risk Management is responsible for instituting, monitoring, and reporting appropriate trading limits, monitoring liquidity, interest rate risk,
and risk tolerances within the Treasury, Mortgage Company, and Capital Markets groups and utilizing a value at risk model for Bancorp market risk exposure; 

•

 Regulatory Compliance Risk Management ensures that processes are in place to monitor and comply with federal and state banking regulations, including fiduciary
compliance processes. The function also has the responsibility for maintenance of an enterprise-wide compliance framework; and 

•

 The ERM division creates and maintains other functions, committees or processes as are necessary to effectively manage credit, market and operational risk
throughout the Bancorp. 

 Risk management oversight and governance is provided by the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors and through multiple management committees whose membership includes a broad cross-section of line of
business, affiliate and support representatives. The Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors consists of five outside directors and has the responsibility for the oversight of credit, market, operational, regulatory compliance and
strategic risk management activities for the Bancorp, as well as for the Bancorp’s overall aggregate risk profile. The Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors has approved the formation of key management governance committees
that are responsible for evaluating risks and controls. These committees include the Market Risk Committee, the Corporate Credit Committee, the Credit Policy Committee, the Operational Risk Committee, the Capital Committee, the Loan Loss Reserve
Committee, the Management Compliance Committee, the Retail Distribution Governance Committee, and the Executive Asset Liability Committee. There are also new products and initiatives processes applicable to every line of business to ensure an
appropriate standard readiness assessment is performed before launching a new product or initiative. Significant risk policies approved by the management governance committees are also reviewed and approved by the Risk and Compliance Committee of
the Board of Directors. 

Finally, Credit Risk Review is an independent function responsible for evaluating the sufficiency
of underwriting, documentation and approval processes for consumer and commercial credits, counter-party credit risk, the accuracy of risk grades assigned to commercial credit exposure, appropriate accounting for charge-offs, and non-accrual status
and specific reserves. Credit Risk Review reports directly to the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors and administratively to the Director of Internal Audit. 

CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT 

The objective of the Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy is to
quantify and manage credit risk on an aggregate portfolio basis, as well as to limit the risk of loss resulting from an individual customer default. The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy is based on three core principles: conservatism,
diversification and monitoring. The Bancorp believes that effective credit risk management begins with conservative lending practices. These practices include conservative exposure and counterparty limits and conservative underwriting, documentation
and collection standards. The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy also emphasizes diversification on a geographic, industry and customer level as well as regular credit examinations and monthly management reviews of large credit exposures
and credits experiencing deterioration of credit quality. Lending officers with the authority to extend credit are delegated specific authority amounts, the utilization of which is closely monitored. Underwriting activities are centralized, and ERM
manages the policy and the authority delegation process directly. The Credit Risk Review function, which reports to the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors, provides objective assessments of the quality of underwriting and
documentation, the accuracy of risk grades and the charge-off, nonaccrual and reserve analysis process. The Bancorp’s credit review process and overall assessment of required allowances is based on quarterly assessments of the probable
estimated losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp uses these assessments to promptly identify potential problem loans or leases within the portfolio, maintain an adequate reserve and take any necessary charge-offs. In addition
to the individual review of larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses, the commercial credit review process includes the use 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 41

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

of two risk grading systems. The risk grading system currently utilized for reserve analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. The Bancorp also maintains
a dual risk rating system that provides for thirteen probabilities of default grade categories and an additional six grade categories for estimating actual losses given an event of default. The probability of default and loss given default
evaluations are not separated in the ten-grade risk rating system. The Bancorp has completed significant validation and testing of the dual risk rating system. Scoring systems, various analytical tools and delinquency monitoring are used to assess
the credit risk in the Bancorp’s homogenous consumer loan portfolios. 

Overview 

During 2008, general economic conditions continued to deteriorate which had an adverse impact across the majority of the Bancorp’s loan and lease
products. Geographically, the Bancorp experienced the most stress in the states of Michigan and Florida due to the decline in real estate prices. Real estate price deterioration, as measured by the Home Price Index, was most prevalent in Florida due
to past real estate price appreciation and related over-development, and in Michigan due in part to cutbacks by automobile manufacturers. The year-over-year deterioration in home prices has been as high as 20% in some of the Bancorp’s hardest
hit geographies. Among portfolios, the commercial homebuilder and developer, non-owner occupied residential mortgage and brokered home equity portfolios exhibited the most stress. Management suspended new lending to homebuilders and to commercial
non-owner occupied real estate, discontinued the origination of brokered home equity products and raised underwriting standards on non-owner occupied residential mortgages. During the fourth quarter, in an effort to reduce loan exposure to the real
estate and construction industries and obtain the highest realizable value, the Bancorp sold or moved to held-for-sale $1.3 billion in commercial loan balances. The Bancorp recognized $800 million in net charge-offs on these loans with approximately
49% of the losses representing real estate secured loans in Florida and 44% of the losses representing real estate secured loans in Michigan. Throughout 2008, the Bancorp aggressively engaged in other loss mitigation techniques such as reducing
lines of credit, restructuring certain consumer loans, tightening certain underwriting standards and expanding commercial and consumer loan workout teams. The following credit information presents the Bancorp’s loan portfolio diversification,
an analysis of nonperforming loans and loans charged-off and a discussion of the allowance for credit losses. 

Commercial Portfolio

The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy includes minimizing concentrations of risk through diversification. Table

27 provides breakouts of the total commercial loan and lease portfolio, including held for sale, by major industry classification (as defined by the North
American Industry Classification System), by loan size and by state, illustrating the diversity and granularity of the Bancorp’s commercial portfolio. The Bancorp has commercial loan concentration limits based on industry, lines of business
within the commercial segment and real estate project type. 

As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp had homebuilder
exposure of $4.0 billion and outstanding loans of $2.7 billion with $366 million of portfolio commercial loans and $215 million in held-for-sale commercial loans in nonaccrual loans. As of December 31, 2008, approximately 41% of the outstanding
loans to homebuilders are located in the states of Michigan and Florida and represent approximately 58% of the nonaccrual loans. As of December 31, 2007, the Bancorp had homebuilder exposure of $4.4 billion, outstanding loans of $2.9 billion
with $176 million in nonaccrual loans. 

The risk within the commercial real estate portfolio is managed and monitored
through an underwriting process utilizing detailed origination policies, continuous loan level reviews, the monitoring of industry concentration and product type limits and continuous portfolio risk management reporting. The origination policies for
commercial real estate outline the risks and underwriting requirements for owner occupied, non-owner occupied and construction lending. Included in the policies are maturity and amortization terms, maximum loan-to-values (LTV), minimum debt service
coverage ratios, construction loan monitoring procedures, appraisal requirements, pre-leasing requirements (as applicable) and sensitivity and proforma analysis requirements. 

The commercial real estate portfolio is diversified by product type, loan size and geographical location with concentration levels established to manage the exposure. Appraisals are obtained from
qualified appraisers and are reviewed by an independent appraisal review group to ensure independence and consistency in the valuation process. Appraisal values are updated on an as needed basis, in conformity with market conditions and regulatory
requirements. Table 26 provides further information on the location of commercial real estate and construction industry loans and leases. 

The commercial portfolio has minimal direct exposure to auto manufactures and their suppliers, although any further deterioration of those industries would have negative impacts across the Bancorp’s lending
products. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp had automobile dealer exposure, included within the retail trade industry, of $3.1 billion and outstanding loans of $2.0 billion with $113 million in nonaccrual loans. 

TABLE 26: COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE AND CONSTRUCTION LOANS AND LEASES BY STATE 

Outstanding

Nonaccrual

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2008

2007

 Ohio

$4,247

4,167

$180

84

 Michigan

3,930

4,692

302

179

 Florida

2,374

2,790

399

79

 Illinois

1,384

1,425

95

21

 Indiana

1,108

1,298

86

26

 North Carolina

802

21

49

-

 Kentucky

788

791

24

7

 Tennessee

455

496

51

4

 All other states

1,866

1,110

95

5

 Total

$16,954

16,790

$1,281

405

 42

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 27: COMMERCIAL LOAN AND LEASE PORTFOLIO EXPOSURE
 (a)

2008

2007

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

Outstanding

Exposure

Nonaccrual

Outstanding

Exposure

Nonaccrual

 By industry:

 Real estate

$11,925

14,428

583

11,564

14,450

147

 Manufacturing

7,382

14,310

92

6,570

14,365

28

 Construction

5,030

7,788

698

5,226

8,534

258

 Retail trade

3,621

6,874

167

4,175

7,251

29

 Financial services and insurance

3,601

8,164

28

2,484

6,916

6

 Healthcare

3,081

5,057

20

2,347

4,007

15

 Business services

2,925

5,141

38

2,266

4,251

25

 Transportation and warehousing

2,726

3,224

26

2,565

3,076

21

 Wholesale trade

2,567

4,772

25

2,179

4,127

16

 Other services

1,203

1,712

22

1,049

1,455

17

 Accommodation and food

1,163

1,560

38

1,036

1,470

21

 Individuals

1,053

1,354

38

1,252

1,626

15

 Communication and information

951

1,547

19

741

1,439

1

 Mining

838

1,275

18

578

1,090

3

 Entertainment and recreation

765

1,009

35

617

873

6

 Public administration

725

938

-

737

957

-

 Agribusiness

635

815

21

606

788

3

 Utilities

584

1,231

-

389

1,210

2

 Other

178

369

11

963

1,897

59

 Total

$50,953

81,568

1,879

47,334

79,782

672

 By loan size:

 Less than $200,000

3 

%

2

5

3

3

9

 $200,000 to $1 million

12

9

21

13

10

24

 $1 million to $5 million

25

21

45

28

23

43

 $5 million to $10 million

14

13

20

26

23

19

 $10 million to $25 million

23

24

9

13

14

5

 Greater than $25 million

23

31

-

17

27

-

 Total

100 

%

100

100

100

100

100

 By state:

 Ohio

26 

%

30

14

26

30

20

 Michigan

17

16

22

20

18

36

 Florida

9

8

25

11

9

23

 Illinois

8

9

8

9

9

6

 Indiana

7

7

8

8

8

9

 Kentucky

5

5

5

5

5

2

 North Carolina

3

3

4

1

1

-

 Tennessee

3

2

3

3

3

1

 All other states

22

20

11

17

17

3

 Total

100 

%

100

100

100

100

100

(a)

Outstanding reflects total commercial customer loan and lease balances, including held for sale and net of unearned income, and exposure reflects total commercial customer
lending commitments. 

 Residential Mortgage Portfolio 

The Bancorp manages credit risk in the mortgage portfolio through conservative underwriting and documentation standards and geographic and product diversification. The Bancorp may also package and sell loans in the portfolio without
recourse or may purchase mortgage insurance for the loans sold in order to mitigate credit risk. 

Certain mortgage
products have contractual features that may increase the risk of loss to the Bancorp in the event of a decline in housing prices. These types of mortgage products offered by the Bancorp include loans with high loan-to-value (LTV) ratios, multiple
loans on the same collateral that when combined result in an LTV greater than 80% (80/20 loans) and interest-only loans. Table 28 shows the Bancorp’s originations of these products for the year ended December 31, 2008 and 2007. The Bancorp
does not originate mortgage loans that permit customers to defer principal payments or make payments that are less than the accruing interest. 

Table 29 provides the amount of these loans as a percent of the residential mortgage loans in the Bancorp’s portfolio and the delinquency rates of these loan products as of December 31, 2008 and 2007. Reset
of rates on adjustable rate mortgages are not 

expected to have a material impact on credit cost as two-thirds of adjustable rate mortgages have an LTV less than 80%. Geographically, the Bancorp’s
residential mortgage portfolio is dominated by three states with Florida, Michigan and Ohio representing 31%, 23% and 14% of the portfolio, respectively. 

The Bancorp previously originated certain non-conforming residential mortgage loans known as “Alt-A” loans. Borrower qualifications were comparable to other conforming residential mortgage products. As of
December 31, 2008, the Bancorp held $115 million of Alt-A mortgage loans in its portfolio with approximately $17 million on nonaccrual. 

The Bancorp previously sold certain mortgage products in the secondary market with recourse. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the outstanding balances on these loans sold with recourse were approximately $1.3
billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, and the delinquency rates were approximately 6.40% and 3.03%, respectively. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp maintained an estimated credit loss reserve on these loans sold with recourse of
approximately $20 million and $17 million, respectively. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 43

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 28: RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE ORIGINATIONS 

For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

Percent of total

2007

Percent of total

 Greater than 80% LTV with no mortgage insurance

$15

-

%

$265

2

%

 Interest-only

784

7

1,720

15

 Greater than 80% LTV and interest-only

2

-

265

2

 80/20 loans

38

-

212

2

 80/20 loans and interest only

-

-

62

1

TABLE 29: RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE OUTSTANDINGS 

2008

2007

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

Balance

Percent of total

Delinquency Ratio

Balance

Percent of total

Delinquency Ratio

 Greater than 80% LTV with no mortgage insurance

$2,024

22

%

10.94

%

$2,146

21

%

8.93

%

 Interest-only

1,702

18

4.11

1,620

16

1.83

 Greater than 80% LTV and interest-only

415

4

7.55

493

5

5.36

 Home Equity Portfolio 

The home
equity portfolio is characterized by 82% of outstanding balances within the Bancorp’s Midwest footprint of Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois. The portfolio has an average FICO score of 736 as of December 31, 2008, comparable
with 734 at December 31, 2007 and 735 at December 31, 2006. Further detail on channel origination and state location is included in Table 30. The Bancorp stopped origination of brokered home equity during the fourth quarter of 2007. In
addition, management actively manages lines of credit and makes reductions in lending limits when it believes it is necessary based on FICO score deterioration and property devaluation. 

Analysis of Nonperforming Assets 

A summary of nonperforming assets is
included in Table 31. Nonperforming assets include: (i) nonaccrual loans and leases for which ultimate collectibility of the full amount of the principal and/or interest is uncertain; (ii) restructured consumer loans which have not yet met
the requirements to be classified as a performing asset; and (iii) other assets, including other real estate owned and repossessed equipment. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when the principal or interest is past due 90 days or more
(unless the loan is both well secured and in process of collection) and payment of the full principal and/or interest under the contractual terms of the loan is not expected. Additionally, loans are placed on nonaccrual status upon deterioration of
the financial condition of the borrower. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, the accrual of interest, amortization of loan premium, accretion of loan discount and amortization or accretion of deferred net loan fees or costs are discontinued
and previously accrued but unpaid interest is reversed. Commercial loans on nonaccrual status are reviewed for impairment at least quarterly. If the principal or a portion of principal is deemed a loss, the loss amount is charged off to the
allowance for loan and lease losses. 

Total nonperforming assets were $3.0 billion at December 31, 2008, compared to
$1.1 billion at December 31, 2007 and $455 million at December 31, 2006. At December 31, 2008, $473 million of nonaccrual commercial loans were held-for-sale, consisting primarily of real estate secured loans in Michigan and

Florida, and were carried at the lower of cost or market. Excluding the held-for-sale nonaccrual loans, nonperforming assets as a percentage of total loans,
leases and other assets, including other real estate owned, as of December 31, 2008 was 2.96% compared to 1.32% as of December 31, 2007 and .61% as of December 31, 2006. The composition of nonaccrual credits continues to be
concentrated in real estate as 82% of nonaccrual credits were secured by real estate as of December 31, 2008 compared to approximately 84% as of December 31, 2007 and approximately 45% as of December 31, 2006. 

Including the $473 million of nonperforming loans held-for-sale, commercial nonperforming loans and leases increased from $672 million
at December 31, 2007 to $1.9 billion as of December 31, 2008. The majority of the increase was driven by the real estate and construction industries in the states of Florida and Michigan. These states combined to represent 47% of total
commercial nonaccrual credits as of December 31, 2008. As shown in Table 27, the real estate and construction industries contributed to approximately three-fourths of the year-over-year increase in nonaccrual credits. Of the $1.3 billion of
real estate and construction nonaccrual credits, $581 million is related to homebuilders or developers. As of December 31, 2008, $247 million of these homebuilder nonaccrual loans were specifically reviewed and the Bancorp provided $104 million
in reserves held against these loans. For additional information on credit reserves, see the discussion on allowance for credit losses later in this section. 

Consumer nonperforming loans and leases increased from $221 million as of December 31, 2007 to $864 million as of December 31, 2008. The increase in consumer nonperforming loans is
primarily attributable to declines in the housing markets in the Michigan and Florida markets and the restructuring of certain loans. Michigan and Florida accounted for 58% of the increase in consumer nonperforming assets and, as of
December 31, 2008, represented 58% of total consumer nonperforming assets. The Bancorp has devoted significant attention to loss mitigation activities and has proactively restructured certain loans. Consumer restructured loans are recorded as
nonperforming loans until there is a sustained period of payment by the borrower, generally a minimum of six months of payments in accordance 

TABLE 30: HOME EQUITY OUTSTANDINGS 

Retail

Broker

2008

2007

2008

2007

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

Outstanding

 Delinquency

Ratio

Outstanding

 Delinquency

Ratio

Outstanding

 Delinquency

Ratio

Outstanding

 Delinquency

Ratio

 Ohio

$3,393

1.49

%

$3,280

1.23

%

$568

3.65

%

$632

3.15

%

 Michigan

2,245

2.24

2,158

1.63

484

5.51

530

3.56

 Illinois

1,147

2.10

908

1.18

261

4.93

274

2.66

 Indiana

968

2.07

991

1.67

244

4.59

278

3.16

 Kentucky

910

1.52

885

1.16

185

4.43

217

3.09

 Florida

909

4.13

738

2.37

77

12.16

89

7.97

 All other states

804

2.11

204

1.06

557

6.29

659

3.73

 Total

$10,376

2.06

%

$9,164

1.45

%

$2,376

5.22

%

$2,679

3.48

%

 44

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 31: SUMMARY OF NONPERFORMING ASSETS AND DELINQUENT LOANS

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Nonaccrual loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

$541

175

127

140

105

 Commercial mortgage loans

482

243

84

51

51

 Commercial construction loans

362

249

54

31

13

 Commercial leases

21

5

6

5

5

 Residential mortgage loans

259

92

38

30

24

 Home equity (a)

26

45

40

 Automobile loans (a)

5

3

3

 Other consumer loans and leases (a)

-

1

-

37

30

 Restructured loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

-

-

-

-

1

 Residential mortgage loans

342

29

-

-

-

 Home equity

196

46

-

-

-

 Automobile loans

6

-

-

-

-

 Credit card

30

5

-

-

-

 Total nonperforming loans and leases

2,270

893

352

294

229

 Repossessed personal property and other real estate owned

230

171

103

67

74

 Total nonperforming assets (b)

2,500

1,064

455

361

303

 Nonaccrual loans held for sale

473

-

-

-

-

 Total nonperforming assets including loans held for sale

$2,973

1,064

455

361

303

 Commercial loans

$76

44

38

20

21

 Commercial mortgage loans

136

73

17

7

8

 Commercial construction loans

74

67

6

7

5

 Commercial leases

4

4

2

1

1

 Residential mortgage loans (c)

198

186

68

53

43

 Home equity

96

72

51

 Automobile loans

21

13

11

 Credit card

56

31

16

10

13

 Other consumer loans and leases

1

1

1

57

51

 Total 90 days past due loans and leases

$662

491

210

155

142

 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total loans, leases and other assets, including other real estate owned (b)

2.96

%

1.32

.61

.52

.51

 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of nonperforming assets (b)

111

88

170

206

235

(a)

Prior to 2006, other consumer loans and leases include home equity, automobile and other consumer loans and leases. 

(b)

Does not include nonaccrual loans held for sale. 

(c)

Information for all periods presented excludes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements to Government National Mortgage Association (GNMA) mortgage pools whose repayments
are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs. As of December 31, 2008, 2007, 2006 and 2005, these advances were $40 million, $25 million, $14 million and $13 million, respectively.
Information in 2004 was not available. 

 with the loans’ modified terms. Consumer restructured loans contributed $574 million to nonperforming loans as of December 31, 2008 compared to $80 million in restructured loans as of
December 31, 2007. 

Included in nonaccrual loans and leases as of December 31, 2008 were $342 million of loans
and leases currently performing in accordance with contractual terms, but for which there were serious doubts as to the ability of the borrower to comply with such terms. For the years 2008 and 2007, interest income of $70 million and $22 million,
respectively, was recorded on nonaccrual and renegotiated loans and leases. For the years ended 2008 and 2007, additional interest income of $282 million and $144 million, respectively, would have been recorded if the nonaccrual and renegotiated
loans and leases had been current in accordance with the original terms. Although this value helps demonstrate the costs of carrying nonaccrual credits, the Bancorp does not expect to recover the full amount of interest as nonaccrual loans and
leases are generally carried below their principal balance. 

Analysis of Net Loan Charge-offs 

Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases were 323 bp for 2008, compared to 61 bp for 2007. Table 32 provides a summary of credit loss
experience and net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding by loan category. 

The ratio of
commercial loan net charge-offs to average commercial loans outstanding increased to 399 bp in 2008 compared to 43 bp in 2007, as homebuilders, developers and related suppliers were affected by the downturn in the real estate markets. Commercial net
charge-offs include $800 million due to the sale or transfer to held-for-sale of $1.3 billion in commercial loan balances during the fourth quarter. 

Homebuilders and developers net charge-offs for 2008 were $812 million, or 40% of total commercial charge-offs. Excluding the homebuilder and developer
portfolio, the commercial loan charge-offs to average commercial loans outstanding was 252 bp in 2008 with the most stress exhibited in the Eastern Michigan and South Florida regions and among auto dealers. 

The ratio of consumer loan net charge-offs to average consumer loans outstanding increased to 208 bp in 2008 compared to 84 bp in 2007.
Residential mortgage charge-offs increased to $243 million in 2008 compared to $43 million in 2007, reflecting increased foreclosure rates in the Bancorp’s key lending markets coupled with an increase in severity of loss on mortgage loans.
Florida, Michigan and Ohio continue to rank among the top states in total mortgage foreclosures. These foreclosures not only added to the volume of charge-offs, but also hampered the Bancorp’s ability to recover the value of the homes
collateralizing the mortgages as they contributed to declining home prices. Florida affiliates continue to experience the most stress and accounted for over half of the residential mortgage charge-offs in 2008. Home equity charge-offs increased to
$205 million and 167 bp of average loans and continue to display distinct charge-off differences between lines and loans originated through the retail channel and those originated through brokered channels. Brokered home equity represented 50% of
home equity charge-offs during 2008 despite representing only 19% of home equity lines and loans as of December 31, 2008. Excluding home equity lines and loans originated through brokered channels, home equity charge-offs to average home equity
were 104 bp. Management responded to the performance of the brokered 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 45

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 32: SUMMARY OF CREDIT LOSS EXPERIENCE

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Losses charged off:

 Commercial loans

$(667

)

(121

)

(131

)

(99

)

(95

)

 Commercial mortgage loans

(618

)

(46

)

(27

)

(13

)

(14

)

 Commercial construction loans

(750

)

(29

)

(7

)

(5

)

(7

)

 Commercial leases

-

(1

)

(4

)

(38

)

(8

)

 Residential mortgage loans

(243

)

(43

)

(23

)

(19

)

(15

)

 Home equity

(212

)

(106

)

(65

)

(60

)

(52

)

 Automobile loans

(168

)

(117

)

(87

)

(63

)

(56

)

 Credit card

(101

)

(54

)

(36

)

(46

)

(35

)

 Other consumer loans and leases

(32

)

(27

)

(28

)

(30

)

(39

)

 Total losses

(2,791

)

(544

)

(408

)

(373

)

(321

)

 Recoveries of losses previously charged off:

 Commercial loans

18

12

24

24

14

 Commercial mortgage loans

5

2

3

3

5

 Commercial construction loans

2

-

-

1

-

 Commercial leases

1

1

5

1

1

 Residential mortgage loans

-

-

-

-

-

 Home equity

7

9

9

10

10

 Automobile loans

34

32

30

18

18

 Credit card

7

8

5

5

6

 Other consumer loans and leases

7

18

16

12

15

 Total recoveries

81

82

92

74

69

 Net losses charged off:

 Commercial loans

(649

)

(109

)

(107

)

(75

)

(81

)

 Commercial mortgage loans

(613

)

(44

)

(24

)

(10

)

(9

)

 Commercial construction loans

(748

)

(29

)

(7

)

(4

)

(7

)

 Commercial leases

1

-

1

(37

)

(7

)

 Residential mortgage loans

(243

)

(43

)

(23

)

(19

)

(15

)

 Home equity

(205

)

(97

)

(56

)

(50

)

(42

)

 Automobile loans

(134

)

(85

)

(57

)

(45

)

(38

)

 Credit card

(94

)

(46

)

(31

)

(41

)

(29

)

 Other consumer loans and leases

(25

)

(9

)

(12

)

(18

)

(24

)

 Total net losses charged off

$(2,710

)

(462

)

(316

)

(299

)

(252

)

 Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases (excluding held for sale):

 Commercial loans

2.31

%

.49

.53

.41

.54

 Commercial mortgage loans

4.80

.40

.25

.10

.12

 Commercial construction loans

12.80

.51

.11

.08

.17

 Commercial leases

(.02

)

.01

(.03

)

1.06

.21

 Total commercial loans and leases

3.99

.43

.34

.35

.35

 Residential mortgage loans

2.47

.48

.27

.23

.25

 Home equity

1.67

.82

.46

.44

.44

 Automobile loans

1.56

.83

.60

.53

.48

 Credit card

5.51

3.55

3.65

5.65

3.92

 Other consumer loans and leases

2.10

.83

.91

1.06

.98

 Total consumer loans and leases

2.08

.84

.55

.57

.56

 Total net losses charged off

3.23

%

.61

.44

.45

.45

 home equity portfolio by reducing originations in 2007 of this product by 64% compared to 2006 and, at the end of 2007, eliminating this channel of origination. In addition, management actively manages lines of credit
and makes reductions in lending limits when it believes it is necessary based on FICO score deterioration and property devaluation. The ratio of automobile loan net charge-offs to average automobile loans was 156 bp for 2008, an increase of 73 bp
compared to 2007 displaying an expected increase due to a shift in the portfolio to a higher percentage of used automobiles and an increase in loss severity due to increased market depreciation of used automobiles. The net charge-off ratio on credit
card balances was 551 bp in 2008. Increases in the charge-off ratio over the previous two years reflects seasoning in the credit card portfolio and general economic conditions compared to 2007 and for 2006, due to increased personal bankruptcies in
2005 in anticipation of the changes in bankruptcy law. Management expects trends in the charge-off ratio on credit card balances to be consistent with general economic trends, such as unemployment and personal bankruptcy filings. The Bancorp employs
a risk-adjusted pricing methodology to help ensure adequate compensation is received for those products that have higher credit costs. 

 Allowance for Credit Losses

The allowance for credit losses is comprised of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded commitments.
The allowance for loan and lease losses provides coverage for probable and estimable losses in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp evaluates the allowance each quarter to determine its adequacy to cover inherent losses. Several factors are
taken into consideration in the determination of the overall allowance for loan and lease losses, including an unallocated component. These factors include, but are not limited to, the overall risk profile of the loan and lease portfolios, net
charge-off experience, the extent of impaired loans and leases, the level of nonaccrual loans and leases, the level of 90 days past due loans and leases and the overall percentage level of the allowance for loan and lease losses. The Bancorp also
considers overall asset quality trends, credit administration and portfolio management practices, risk identification practices, credit policy and underwriting practices, overall portfolio growth, portfolio concentrations and current national and
local economic conditions that might impact the portfolio. More information on the allowance for loan and lease losses can be found in the Critical Accounting Policies section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations. 

 46

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 33: CHANGES IN ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Balance, beginning of year

$1,032

847

814

785

770

 Net losses charged off

(2,710)

(462)

(316)

(299)

(252)

 Provision for loan and lease losses

4,560

628

343

330

268

 Net change in reserve for unfunded commitments

100

19

6

(2)

(1)

 Balance, end of year

$2,982

1,032

847

814

785

 Components of allowance for credit losses:

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

$2,787

937

771

744

713

 Reserve for unfunded commitments

195

95

76

70

72

 Total allowance for credit losses

$2,982

1,032

847

814

785

In 2008, the Bancorp has not substantively changed any material aspect of its overall approach in the determination of the allowance for loan and lease
losses and there have been no material changes in assumptions or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period allowance. In addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, the Bancorp
maintains a reserve for unfunded commitments recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The methodology used to determine the adequacy of this reserve is similar to the Bancorp’s methodology for determining the allowance
for loan and lease losses. The provision for unfunded commitments is included in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Certain inherent, but undetected losses are probable within the loan and lease portfolio. An unallocated component to the allowance for loan and lease losses is maintained to recognize the imprecision in estimating
and measuring loss. The Bancorp’s current methodology for determining this measure is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on impaired commercial credits above specified thresholds and other qualitative
adjustments. Approximately 81% of the required reserves come from the baseline historical loss rates, specific reserve estimates and current credit grades; while 19% comes from qualitative adjustments. As a result, the required reserves tend to
slightly lag the deterioration in the portfolio due to the heavy reliance on realized historical losses and the credit grade rating process. The unallocated allowance as a percent of total portfolio loans and leases for the year ended
December 31, 2008 was .33%, or 10% of the total allowance, compared to .06%, or 5% of the total allowance, as of December 31, 2007. The increase in the unallocated allowance compared to the prior year was a 

result of the steep decline in real estate prices, market volatility in the second half of 2008 and economic deterioration in some of the Bancorp’s
lending markets, for which the deterioration had not yet been captured in the historical loss rates and where the extent of deterioration cannot be determined. 

As shown in Table 34, the allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of the total loan and lease portfolio increased to 3.31% at December 31, 2008, compared to 1.17% at
December 31, 2007. Total allowance for loan and lease losses totaled $2.8 billion and $937 million as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. This increase is reflective of a number of factors including: the increase in commercial
impaired loans which are individually reviewed and allowed for, increased estimated loss factors due to negative trends in overall delinquencies, increased loss estimates once a loan becomes delinquent due to deterioration in the real estate
collateral values in some of the Bancorp’s key lending markets and declines in general economic conditions that are used to determine an economic factor adjustment. These factors were the primary drivers of the increased reserve amounts for
most of the Bancorp’s loan categories. 

Impaired commercial loans increased to $1.5 billion as of December 31,
2008 compared to $494 million as of December 31, 2007. Impaired commercial loans above specified thresholds require individual review to determine loan and lease reserves. In addition to the increased volume of impaired commercial loans,
required loan and lease reserves on these loans were generally higher due to the deterioration in collateral values. 

Delinquency trends have increased across most product lines and credit grades, leading to increases in expected loss rates and, therefore, increased reserve requirements for those products. In 

TABLE 34: ATTRIBUTION OF ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES TO PORTFOLIO LOANS AND LEASES

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Allowance attributed to:

 Commercial loans

$824

271

252

201

210

 Commercial mortgage loans

363

135

95

78

73

 Commercial construction loans

252

98

49

46

42

 Residential mortgage loans

388

67

51

38

45

 Consumer loans

611

287

247

183

160

 Lease financing

70

32

29

56

47

 Unallocated

279

47

48

142

136

 Total allowance for loan and lease losses

$2,787

937

771

744

713

 Portfolio loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

$29,197

24,813

20,831

19,253

16,107

 Commercial mortgage loans

12,502

11,862

10,405

9,188

7,636

 Commercial construction loans

5,114

5,561

6,168

6,342

4,347

 Residential mortgage loans

9,385

10,540

8,830

7,847

7,366

 Consumer loans

23,509

22,943

23,204

22,006

18,875

 Lease financing

4,436

4,534

4,915

5,289

5,477

 Total portfolio loans and leases

$84,143

80,253

74,353

69,925

59,808

 Attributed allowance as a percent of respective portfolio loans:

 Commercial loans

2.82 

%

1.09

1.21

1.05

1.31

 Commercial mortgage loans

2.90

1.14

.91

.85

.96

 Commercial construction loans

4.93

1.77

.80

.72

.96

 Residential mortgage loans

4.13

.63

.58

.49

.61

 Consumer loans

2.60

1.25

1.06

.83

.85

 Lease financing

1.58

.69

.59

1.06

.86

 Unallocated (as a percent of total portfolio loans and leases)

.33

.06

.06

.20

.23

 Total portfolio loans and leases

3.31 

%

1.17

1.04

1.06

1.19

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 47

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

general, the increase in historical loss reserve factors was responsible for over half of the year-over-year increase in the allowance for loan and lease
losses. 

As mentioned, real estate price deterioration, as measured by the Home Price Index, was most prevalent in some of
the key lending markets of the Bancorp. The deterioration in real estate values increased the expected loss once a loan becomes delinquent, particularly for residential mortgage and home equity loans with high loan-to-value ratios. 

Economic trends such as gross domestic product, unemployment rate, home sales and inventory and bankruptcy filings have historically
provided indicators of trends in loan and lease loss rates. Compared to the prior year, negative trends in general economic conditions in the national and local economies caused increases in reserve factors used to determine the losses inherent
within the loan and lease portfolio. 

The Bancorp continually reviews its credit administration and loan and lease
portfolio and makes changes based on the performance of its products. Over the past year, the Bancorp has reduced its lending to homebuilders and developers and borrowers with non-owner occupied real estate as collateral, eliminated brokered home
equity production and engaged in significant loss mitigation strategies. 

MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 

Market risk arises from the potential for market fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices that may result in potential
reductions in net income. Interest rate risk, a component of market risk, is the exposure to adverse changes in net interest income or financial position due to changes in interest rates. Management considers interest rate risk a prominent market
risk in terms of its potential impact on earnings. Interest rate risk can occur for any one or more of the following reasons: 

•

 Assets and liabilities may mature or reprice at different times; 

•

 Short-term and long-term market interest rates may change by different amounts; or 

•

 The expected maturity of various assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change. 

In addition to the direct impact of interest rate changes on net interest income, interest rates can indirectly impact earnings through their effect on
loan demand, credit losses, mortgage originations, the value of servicing rights and other sources of the Bancorp’s earnings. Stability of the Bancorp’s net income is largely dependent upon the effective management of interest rate risk.
Management continually reviews the Bancorp’s balance sheet composition and earnings flows and models the interest rate risk, and possible actions to reduce this risk, given numerous possible future interest rate scenarios. 

Earnings Simulation Model 

The
Bancorp employs a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage its interest rate risk, including the use of an earnings simulation model to analyze the sensitivity of net interest income and certain noninterest items to changing interest
rates. The model is based on contractual and assumed cash flows and repricing characteristics for all of the Bancorp’s financial instruments and incorporates market-based assumptions regarding the effect of changing interest rates on the
prepayment rates of certain assets and liabilities. The model also includes senior management projections of the future volume and pricing of each of the product lines offered by the Bancorp as well as other pertinent assumptions. Actual results
will differ from these simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies. 

The Bancorp’s Executive Asset Liability Committee (ALCO), which includes senior management representatives and is 

accountable to the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors, monitors and manages interest rate risk within Board approved policy limits. In
addition to the risk management activities of ALCO, the Bancorp has a Market Risk Management function as part of ERM that provides independent oversight of market risk activities. The Bancorp’s interest rate risk exposure is currently evaluated
by measuring the anticipated change in net interest income and mortgage banking net revenue over 12-month and 24-month horizons assuming a 100 bp parallel ramped increase and a 200 bp parallel ramped increase in interest rates. The Fed Funds
interest rate, targeted by the Federal Reserve at a range of 0% to 0.25%, is currently set at a level that would be negative in parallel ramped decrease scenarios; therefore, those scenarios were omitted from the interest rate risk analyses for
December 31, 2008. In accordance with the current policy, the rate movements are assumed to occur over one year and are sustained thereafter. 

Table 35 shows the Bancorp’s estimated earnings sensitivity profile and ALCO policy limits as of December 31, 2008: 

TABLE 35: ESTIMATED EARNINGS SENSITIVITY PROFILE 

Change in Earnings (FTE)

ALCO Policy Limits

 Change inInterest

Rates (bp)

 12

Months

 13 to 24

Months

 12

Months

 13 to 24

Months

 +200

(2.79)%

(1.67)

(5.00)

(7.00)

 +100

(2.28)

(1.66)

-

-

Economic Value of Equity 

The Bancorp also employs economic value of equity (EVE) as a measurement tool in managing interest rate risk. Whereas the earnings simulation highlights exposures over a relatively short time
horizon, the EVE analysis incorporates all cash flows over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet and derivative positions. The EVE of the balance sheet, at a point in time, is defined as the discounted present value of asset and
derivative cash flows less the discounted value of liability cash flows. The sensitivity of EVE to changes in the level of interest rates is a measure of longer-term interest rate risk. EVE values only the current balance sheet and does not
incorporate the growth assumptions used in the earnings simulation model. As with the earnings simulation model, assumptions about the timing and variability of balance sheet cash flows are critical in the EVE analysis. Particularly important are
the assumptions driving prepayments and the expected changes in balances and pricing of the transaction deposit portfolios. The following table shows the Bancorp’s EVE sensitivity profile as of December 31, 2008: 

TABLE 36: ESTIMATED EVE SENSITIVITY PROFILE 

 Change in

Interest Rates (bp)

Change in EVE

ALCO Policy Limits

+200

(1.25)%

(20.0)

+100

(0.15)

-25

(0.06)

While an instantaneous shift in interest rates is used in this analysis to
provide an estimate of exposure, the Bancorp believes that a gradual shift in interest rates would have a much more modest impact. Since EVE measures the discounted present value of cash flows over the estimated lives of instruments, the change in
EVE does not directly correlate to the degree that earnings would be impacted over a shorter time horizon (e.g., the current fiscal year). Further, EVE does not take into account factors such as future balance sheet growth, changes in product mix,
changes in yield curve relationships and changing product spreads that could mitigate the adverse impact of changes in interest rates. The earnings simulation and EVE analyses do not necessarily include certain actions that management may undertake
to manage this risk in response to anticipated changes in interest rates. 

 48

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 Use of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate Risk 

An integral component of the Bancorp’s interest rate risk management strategy is its use of derivative instruments to minimize significant fluctuations in earnings and cash flows caused by changes in market
interest rates. Examples of derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, forward contracts, principal only swaps, options
and swaptions. 

As part of its overall risk management strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity, the Bancorp
enters into forward contracts accounted for as free-standing derivatives to economically hedge interest rate lock commitments that are also considered free-standing derivatives. In addition, the Bancorp also economically hedges its exposure to
mortgage loans held for sale. 

The Bancorp also establishes derivative contracts with major financial institutions to
economically hedge significant exposures assumed in commercial customer accommodation derivative contracts. Generally, these contracts have similar terms in order to protect the Bancorp from market volatility. Credit risks arise from the possible
inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts, which the Bancorp minimizes through approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. The notional amount and fair values of these derivatives as of December 31, 2008 are included in
Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Portfolio Loans and Leases and Interest Rate Risk 

Although the Bancorp’s portfolio loans and leases contain both fixed and floating/adjustable rate products, the rates of interest earned by the
Bancorp on the outstanding balances are generally established for a period of time. The interest rate sensitivity of loans and leases is directly related to the length of time the rate earned is established. Table 37 summarizes the expected
principal cash flows of the Bancorp’s portfolio loans and leases as of December 31, 2008. Additionally, Table 38 displays a summary of expected principal cash flows occurring after one year, as of December 31, 2008.

 Mortgage Servicing
Rights and Interest Rate Risk 

The net carrying amount of the MSR portfolio was $496 million and $613 million as of
December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. The value of servicing rights can fluctuate sharply depending on changes in interest rates and other factors. Generally, as interest rates decline and loans are prepaid to take advantage of refinancing,
the total value of existing servicing rights declines because no further servicing fees are collected on repaid loans. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity in order to manage a portion of
the risk associated with changes in the value of its MSR portfolio as a result of changing interest rates. 

Mortgage rates
decreased during 2008 and had a pronounced decrease at the end of the year in response to the actions taken by the U.S. Treasury. This decrease in rates caused prepayment assumptions to increase and led to $207 million in temporary impairment during
the year ended December 31, 2008 compared to the $22 million in temporary impairment in 2007. Servicing rights are deemed temporarily impaired when a borrower’s loan rate is distinctly higher than prevailing rates. Temporary impairment on
servicing rights is reversed when the prevailing rates return to a level commensurate with the borrower’s loan rate. Offsetting the mortgage servicing rights valuation, the Bancorp recognized net gains of $209 million and $29 million on its
non-qualifying hedging strategy for the year ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on servicing rights and the instruments used to hedge interest
rate risk on mortgage servicing rights. 

Foreign Currency Risk 

The Bancorp enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge certain foreign denominated loans. The derivatives are classified as free-standing instruments with the
revaluation gain or loss being recorded in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The balance of the Bancorp’s foreign denominated loans at December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 was approximately $307
million and $329 million, respectively. The Bancorp also enters into foreign 

 TABLE 37: PORTFOLIO LOAN AND LEASE PRINCIPAL CASH FLOWS

As of December 31, 2008 ($ in millions)

Less than 1 year

1-5 years

Greater than 5years

Total

 Commercial loans

$15,388

11,828

1,981

29,197

 Commercial mortgage loans

4,814

5,460

2,228

12,502

 Commercial construction loans

3,651

1,254

209

5,114

 Commercial leases

584

1,626

1,456

3,666

 Subtotal - commercial

24,437

20,168

5,874

50,479

 Residential mortgage loans

3,047

3,617

2,721

9,385

 Home equity

2,281

5,153

5,318

12,752

 Automobile loans

3,133

4,916

545

8,594

 Credit card

138

1,673

-

1,811

 Other consumer loans and leases

520

577

25

1,122

 Subtotal – consumer

9,119

15,936

8,609

33,664

 Total

$33,556

36,104

14,483

84,143

 TABLE 38: PORTFOLIO LOAN AND LEASE PRINCIPAL CASH FLOWS OCCURRING AFTER ONE
YEAR

Interest Rate

As of December 31, 2008 ($ in millions)

Fixed

Floating or Adjustable

 Commercial loans

$3,047

10,762

 Commercial mortgage loans

2,964

4,724

 Commercial construction loans

178

1,285

 Commercial leases

3,082

-

 Subtotal – commercial

9,271

16,771

 Residential mortgage loans

3,492

2,846

 Home equity

1,553

8,918

 Automobile loans

5,419

42

 Credit card

998

675

 Other consumer loans and leases

597

5

 Subtotal – consumer

12,059

12,486

 Total

$21,330

29,257

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 49

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 TABLE 39: AGENCY RATINGS

As of February 23, 2009

Moody’s

Standard and Poor’s

Fitch

DBRS

 Fifth Third Bancorp:

 Commercial paper

Prime-1

A-2

F1

R-1M

 Senior debt

A2

A-

A

AAL

 Subordinated debt

A3

BBB+

A-

A

 Fifth Third Bank and Fifth Third Bank (Michigan):

 Short-term deposit

Prime-1

A1

F1

R-1H

 Long-term deposit

A1

A

A+

AA

 Senior debt

A1

A

A

AA

 Subordinated debt

A2

A-

A-

AAL

exchange contracts for the benefit of commercial customers involved in international trade to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. The
Bancorp has internal controls in place to help ensure excessive risk is not being taken in providing this service to customers. These controls include an independent determination of currency volatility and credit equivalent exposure on these
contracts, counterparty credit approvals and country limits. 

LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT 

The goal of liquidity management is to provide adequate funds to meet changes in loan and lease demand, unexpected deposit withdrawals and other contractual obligations. A summary of certain
obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts is included in Table 42. Mitigating liquidity risk is accomplished by maintaining liquid assets in the form of investment securities, maintaining sufficient unused borrowing
capacity in the debt markets and delivering consistent growth in core deposits. Cash flows from estimated loan and lease repayment are included in Table 37. The estimated weighted-average life of the available-for-sale securities portfolio was 3.2
years at December 31, 2008, based on current prepayment expectations. Of the $14.3 billion of securities in the portfolio at December 31, 2008, $5.8 billion in principal and interest is expected to be received in the next 12 months and an
additional $2.2 billion is expected to be received in the next 13 to 24 months. In addition to the securities portfolio, asset-driven liquidity is provided by the Bancorp’s ability to sell or securitize loan and lease assets. In order to reduce
the exposure to interest rate fluctuations and to manage liquidity, the Bancorp has developed securitization and sale procedures for several types of interest-sensitive assets. A majority of the long-term, fixed-rate single-family residential
mortgage loans underwritten according to FHLMC or FNMA guidelines are sold for cash upon origination. Additional assets such as jumbo fixed-rate residential mortgages, certain commercial loans, home equity loans, automobile loans and other consumer
loans are also capable of being securitized or sold. For the year ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, loans totaling $15.7 billion and $12.2 billion, respectively, were securitized or sold. 

Core deposits have historically provided the Bancorp with a sizeable source of relatively stable and low cost funds. The Bancorp’s
average core deposits and shareholders’ equity funded 65% of its average total assets during 2008. In addition to core deposit funding, the Bancorp also accesses a variety of other short-term and long-term funding sources, which include the use
of various regional Federal Home Loan Banks as a 

funding source. Certificates carrying a balance of $100,000 or more and deposits in the Bancorp’s foreign branch located in the Cayman Islands are
wholesale funding tools utilized to fund asset growth. Management does not rely on any one source of liquidity and manages availability in response to changing balance sheet needs. 

The Bancorp has a shelf registration in place with the SEC permitting ready access to the public debt markets and qualifies as a
“well-known seasoned issuer” under SEC rules. As of December 31, 2008, $4.4 billion of debt or other securities were available for issuance from this shelf registration under the current Bancorp’s Board of Directors’
authorizations, however, due to current market disruptions, access to these markets may not be readily available. The Bancorp also has $16.2 billion of funding available for issuance through private offerings of debt securities pursuant to its bank
note program and currently has approximately $17.9 billion of borrowing capacity available through secured borrowing sources including the Federal Home Loan Banks and Federal Reserve Banks. The Bancorp has approximately $1.3 billion of unsecured
long-term debt and $2.8 billion of total long-term debt that will mature during 2009. 

The Bancorp’s senior debt
ratings as of February 23, 2009 are summarized in Table 39, which indicate the Bancorp’s strong capacity to meet financial commitments. * Additional information on senior debt credit ratings is as follows: 

•

 Moody’s A2 rating is considered upper-medium-grade obligations and is the third highest ranking within its overall classification system;

•

 Standard & Poor’s A- rating indicates the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitment is STRONG and is the third highest ranking
within its overall classification system; 

•

 Fitch Ratings’ A rating is considered high credit quality and is the third highest ranking within its overall classification system; and

•

 DBRS Ltd.’s AAL rating is considered superior credit quality and is the second highest ranking within its overall classification system.

* As an investor, you should be aware that a security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities,
that it may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and that each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 

 50

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 

 Management, including the
Bancorp’s Board of Directors, regularly reviews the Bancorp’s capital position to help ensure that it is appropriately positioned under various operating environments. In May 2008, Fifth Third Capital Trust VII, a wholly-owned
non-consolidated subsidiary of the Bancorp, issued $400 million of Tier 1-qualifying trust preferred securities to third party investors and invested these proceeds in junior subordinated notes issued by the Bancorp. Due to the deterioration in
credit trends over the past year and the uncertainty involving future economic trends, management carried out actions throughout 2008 to increase the Bancorp’s capital position. During the second quarter of 2008, the Bancorp issued
approximately $1 billion in Tier 1 capital in the form of convertible preferred shares. This issuance allowed the Bancorp to immediately meet its revised Tier I capital ratio targets of eight to nine percent. In addition, the Bancorp’s Board of
Directors reduced the dividend on its common stock to allow for further retention of capital, preserving over $580 million of capital in 2008 relative to the prior level, and nearly $1.0 billion in 2009. In 2008, the Bancorp paid dividends per
common share of $0.75, a reduction from the $1.70 paid per common share in 2007. 

On October 14, 2008, the U.S.
Treasury announced a series of initiatives to strengthen market stability, improve the strength of financial institutions and enhance market liquidity. Among the initiatives, the U.S. Treasury created a voluntary CPP as part of its efforts to
provide a firmer capital foundation for financial institutions and to increase credit availability to consumers and businesses. As part of the program, eligible financial institutions were able to sell equity interests to the U.S. Treasury in
amounts equal to one to three percent of the institution’s risk-weighted assets. These equity interests constitute Tier 1 capital. On December 31, 2008, the Bancorp issued $3.4 billion in senior preferred stock (Series F) and related
warrants under the terms of the CPP to the U.S. Treasury. The CPP investment provided capital in excess of the Bancorp’s previously planned levels, on terms the Bancorp believes are favorable to its investors. 

At December 31, 2008, shareholders’ equity was $12.1 billion, compared to $9.2 billion at December 31, 2007. Tangible
equity as a percent of tangible assets was 7.86% at December 31, 2008 and 6.14% at December 31, 2007. The increase in shareholders’ equity and tangible equity ratio from 2007 is primarily a result of the issuance of preferred stock
during the second half of 2008. 

 The Federal Reserve Board established quantitative measures that assign risk weightings to assets and off-balance sheet items and also define and set minimum regulatory capital requirements (risk-based capital
ratios). Additionally, the guidelines define “well-capitalized” ratios for Tier 1 and total risk-based capital as 6% and 10%, respectively. The Bancorp exceeded these “well-capitalized” ratios for all periods presented. As of
December 31, 2008, actions taken to bolster capital during the year increased the Bancorp’s Tier 1 capital ratio to 10.59% and the total risk-based capital ratio to 14.78%. Management expects short-term capital ratios to remain elevated
above management’s target of eight to nine percent for Tier 1 capital ratio and 11.5% to 12.5% for total risk-based capital ratio. 

Dividend
Policy and Stock Repurchase Program 

The Bancorp’s common stock dividend policy reflects its earnings outlook, desired payout
ratios, the need to maintain adequate capital levels and alternative investment opportunities. In 2008, the Bancorp paid dividends per common share of $0.75, a decrease from the $1.70 paid in 2007. The reduction in quarterly common dividend was in
response to the difficult operating environment and the additional capital that may be needed. The Bancorp’s quarterly dividend per common share for the fourth quarter 2008 was $0.01. 

As previously discussed, the Bancorp has issued $3.4 billion in senior preferred stock and related warrants to the U.S. Treasury as part
of the CPP. Upon issuance, the Bancorp agreed to limit dividends to common stock holders to the quarterly dividend rate paid prior to October 14, 2008, which was $0.15. This restriction is in effect until the earlier of December 31, 2011
or the date upon which the Series F senior preferred shares are redeemed in whole or transferred to an unaffiliated third party. 

The Bancorp’s repurchase of equity securities is shown in Table 41. On May 21, 2007, the Bancorp announced that its Board of Directors had authorized management to purchase 30 million shares of the Bancorp’s common stock
through the open market or in any private transaction. The authorization does not include specific price targets or an expiration date. Under the agreement with the U.S. Treasury, as part of the CPP, the Bancorp is restricted in its repurchases of
its common stock. This restriction is in effect until the earlier of December 31, 2011 or the date upon which the Series F senior preferred shares are redeemed in whole or transferred to an unaffiliated third party. 

TABLE 40: CAPITAL RATIOS

As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

2005

2004

 Average equity as a percent of average assets

8.78

%

9.35

9.32

9.06

9.34

 Tangible equity as a percent of tangible assets

7.86

6.14

7.95

7.23

8.51

 Tangible common equity as a percent of tangible assets

4.23

6.14

7.95

7.22

8.50

 Tier I capital

$11,924

8,924

8,625

8,209

8,522

 Total risk-based capital

16,646

11,733

11,385

10,240

10,176

 Risk-weighted assets

112,570

115,529

102,823

98,293

82,633

 Regulatory capital ratios:

 Tier I capital

10.59

%

7.72

8.39

8.35

10.31

 Total risk-based capital

14.78

10.16

11.07

10.42

12.31

 Tier I leverage

10.27

8.50

8.44

8.08

8.89

TABLE 41: SHARE REPURCHASES

For the years ended December 31

2008

2007

2006

 Shares authorized for repurchase at January 1

19,201,518

15,807,045

17,846,953

 Additional authorizations

-

30,000,000

-

 Shares repurchases (a)

-

(26,605,527

)

(2,039,908

)

 Shares authorized for repurchase at December 31

19,201,518

19,201,518

15,807,045

 Average price paid per share

N/A

40.70

39.72

(a)

Excludes 63,270, 365,867 and 357,612 shares repurchased during 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, in connection with various employee compensation plans. These repurchases are
not included in the calculation for average price paid and do not count against the maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased under the Board of Directors’ authorization. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 51

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

 The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Bancorp and its majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities (VIEs) in
which the Bancorp has been determined to be the primary beneficiary. Other entities, including certain joint ventures, in which the Bancorp has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investee, but
upon which the Bancorp does not possess control, are accounted for by the equity method and not consolidated. Those entities in which the Bancorp does not have the ability to exercise significant influence are generally carried at the lower of cost
or fair value. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp enters into financial transactions to extend credit and
various forms of commitments and guarantees that may be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. These transactions involve varying elements of market, credit and liquidity risk. The nature and extent of these transactions are provided in Note 15
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, the Bancorp uses conduits, asset securitizations and certain defined guarantees to provide a source of funding. The use of these investment vehicles involves differing degrees of risk.
A summary of these transactions is provided below. 

Through December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp had transferred,
subject to credit recourse, certain primarily floating-rate, short-term, investment grade commercial loans to an unconsolidated QSPE that is wholly owned by an independent third-party. The outstanding balance of these loans at December 31, 2008
and 2007 was $1.9 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively. These loans may be transferred back to the Bancorp upon the occurrence of certain specified events. These events include borrower default on the loans transferred, bankruptcy preferences
initiated against underlying borrowers, ineligible loans transferred by the Bancorp to the QSPE and the inability of the QSPE to issue commercial paper. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is
approximately equivalent to the total outstanding balance. During the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, the QSPE did not transfer any loans back to the Bancorp as a result of a credit event. 

The QSPE issues commercial paper and uses the proceeds to fund the acquisition of commercial loans transferred to it by the Bancorp. The
ability of the QSPE to issue commercial paper is a function of general market conditions and the credit rating of the liquidity provider. In the event the QSPE is unable to issue commercial paper, the Bancorp has agreed to provide liquidity support
to the QSPE in the form of purchases of commercial paper, a line of credit to the QSPE and the repurchase of assets from the QSPE. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the liquidity asset purchase agreement was $2.8 billion and $5.0 billion,
respectively. During 2008, dislocation in the short-term funding market caused the QSPE difficulty in obtaining sufficient funding through the issuance of commercial paper. As a result, the Bancorp provided liquidity support to the QSPE during 2008
through purchases of commercial paper, a line of credit to the QSPE and the repurchase of assets from the QSPE under the liquidity asset purchase agreement. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp held approximately $143 million of asset-backed
commercial paper issued by the QSPE, representing 7% of the total commercial paper issued by the QSPE. Due to continued difficulty in obtaining sufficient funding through the issuance of commercial paper in the first quarter of 2009, the Bancorp
held approximately $836 million of asset-backed commercial paper issued by the QSPE, 

representing 43% of the total commercial paper issued by the QSPE. 

During 2008, the Bancorp repurchased $686 million of commercial loans at par from the QSPE under the liquidity asset purchase agreement. Fair value adjustment charges of $3 million were recorded
on these loans upon repurchase. As of December 31, 2008, there were no outstanding balances on the line of credit from the Bancorp to the QSPE. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp’s loss reserve related to the liquidity support
and credit enhancement provided to the QSPE was $37 million and $18 million, respectively, and was recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach that is
consistent with its overall approach in estimating credit losses for various categories of commercial loans held in its loan portfolio. For further information on the QSPE, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Bancorp utilizes securitization trusts, formed by independent third parties to facilitate the securitization process of
residential mortgage loans, certain automobile loans and other consumer loans. During 2008 the Bancorp recognized pretax gains of $15 million on the sale of $2.7 billion of automobile loans in three separate transactions. Each transaction isolated
the related loans through the use of a securitization trust or a conduit, formed as QSPEs, to facilitate the securitization process in accordance with SFAS No. 140, “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and
Extinguishments of Liabilities.” The QSPEs issue asset-backed securities with varying levels of credit subordination and payment priority. The investors in these securities have no recourse to the Bancorp’s other assets for failure of
debtors to pay when due. During 2008, the Bancorp did not repurchase any previously transferred automobile loans from the QSPEs. For further information on these automobile securitizations, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp had provided credit recourse on residential mortgage loans
sold to unrelated third parties of approximately $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. In the event of any customer default, pursuant to the credit recourse provided, the Bancorp is required to reimburse the third party. The maximum amount of
credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the total outstanding balance. For further information on the residential mortgage loans sold with credit recourse, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

For certain mortgage loans originated by the Bancorp, borrowers may be required to obtain Private
Mortgage Insurance (PMI) provided by third-party insurers. In some instances, these PMI insurers cede a portion of the PMI premiums to the Bancorp, and the Bancorp provides reinsurance coverage within a specified range of the total PMI coverage. The
Bancorp’s reinsurance coverage typically ranges from 5% to 10% of the total PMI coverage. The Bancorp’s maximum exposure in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the Bancorp’s total outstanding
reinsurance coverage, which was $170 million at December 31, 2008. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp maintained a reserve of approximately $13 million related to exposures within the reinsurance portfolio. No reserve was deemed
necessary as of December 31, 2007. 

 52

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMITMENTS 

 The Bancorp has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts. The aggregate contractual obligations and commitments at
December 31, 2008 are shown in Table 42. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp has unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate in future periods. Due to the uncertainty of the 

amounts to be ultimately paid as well as the timing of such payments, all uncertain tax liabilities that have not been paid have been excluded from the
Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments table. Further detail on the impact of income taxes is located in Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

TABLE 42: CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

As of December 31, 2008 ($ in millions)

 Less than

1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

 Greater than

5 years

Total

 Contractually obligated payments due by period:

 Deposits without a stated maturity (a)

$52,412

-

-

-

52,412

 Time deposits (b)

19,054

816

55

6,276

26,201

 Long-term debt (c)

2,785

855

2,336

7,609

13,585

 Short-term borrowings (d)

10,246

-

-

-

10,246

 Forward contracts to sell mortgage loans (e)

3,235

-

-

-

3,235

 Noncancelable lease obligations (f)

90

161

143

543

937

 Partnership investment commitments (g)

302

-

-

-

302

 Pension obligations (h)

21

38

36

78

173

 Capital expenditures (i)

68

-

-

-

68

 Purchase obligations (j)

27

43

11

-

81

 Total contractually obligated payments due by period

$88,240

1,913

2,581

14,506

107,240

 Other commitments by expiration period:

 Commitments to extend credit (k)

$18,233

31,237

-

-

49,470

 Letters of credit (l)

3,303

4,066

1,178

404

8,951

 Total other commitments by expiration period

$21,536

35,303

1,178

404

58,421

(a)

Includes demand, interest checking, savings, money market and foreign office deposits. For additional information, see the Deposits discussion in the Balance Sheet Analysis
section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis. 

(b)

Includes other time and certificates $100,000 and over. For additional information, see the Deposits discussion in the Balance Sheet Analysis section of Management’s
Discussion and Analysis. 

(c)

In the banking industry, interest-bearing obligations are principally used to fund interest-earning assets. As such, interest charges on contractual obligations were excluded
from reported amounts, as the potential cash outflows would have corresponding cash inflows from interest-earning assets. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these debt instruments.

(d)

Includes federal funds purchased and borrowings with an original maturity of less than one year. For additional information, see Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

(e)

See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on forward contracts to sell mortgage loans. 

(f)

Includes both operating and capital leases. 

(g)

Includes low-income housing, historic tax and venture capital partnership investments. 

(h)

See Note 23 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on pension obligations. 

(i)

Includes commitments to various general contractors for work related to banking center construction. 

(j)

Represents agreements to purchase goods or services. 

(k)

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend, typically having fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require payment of a fee. Many of the
commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. The total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash flow requirements. 

(l)

Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 53

Table of Contents

MANAGEMENT’S ASSESSMENT AS TO THE EFFECTIVENESS OF INTERNAL
CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

The Bancorp conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of the Bancorp’s management, including the Bancorp’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Bancorp’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act). Based on the foregoing, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Bancorp’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Bancorp’s
disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in all material respects, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Bancorp files and submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as
and when required and information is accumulated and communicated to management on a timely basis. 

The management of Fifth
Third Bancorp is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Bancorp’s management assessed the effectiveness of the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008.
Management’s assessment is based on the criteria established in the Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and was designed to provide reasonable
assurance that the Bancorp maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008. Based on this assessment, management believes that the Bancorp maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2008. The Bancorp’s independent registered public accounting firm, that audited the Bancorp’s consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, has issued an audit report on our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2008. This report appears on page 55 of the annual report. 

The Bancorp’s
management also conducted an evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the year covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, there has been no such change during the year covered by this report. 

 Kevin T. Kabat

 Ross J. Kari

 President and Chief Executive Officer

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 February 27, 2009

 February 27, 2009

 54

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp: 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries (the “Bancorp”) as of December 31, 2008, based on criteria established in Internal Control —
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Bancorp’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Assessment as to the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or
improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to
future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion, the Bancorp maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2008 of the Bancorp and our report dated February 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

Cincinnati, Ohio 

February 27,
2009 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp: 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries (the “Bancorp”) as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the related consolidated
statements of income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Bancorp’s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our
audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries at December 31, 2008 and 2007, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2008, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the
Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2008, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and our report dated February 27, 2009 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting. 

Cincinnati, Ohio 

February 27,
2009 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 55

Table of Contents

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31 ($ in millions, except share data)

2008

2007

 Assets

 Cash and due from banks

$2,739

2,660

 Available-for-sale and other securities (a)

12,728

10,677

 Held-to-maturity securities (b)

360

355

 Trading securities

1,191

171

 Other short-term investments

3,578

620

 Loans held for sale (c)

1,452

4,329

 Portfolio loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

29,197

24,813

 Commercial mortgage loans

12,502

11,862

 Commercial construction loans

5,114

5,561

 Commercial leases

3,666

3,737

 Residential mortgage loans (d)

9,385

10,540

 Home equity

12,752

11,874

 Automobile loans

8,594

9,201

 Credit card

1,811

1,591

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,122

1,074

 Portfolio loans and leases

84,143

80,253

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

(2,787)

(937)

 Portfolio loans and leases, net

81,356

79,316

 Bank premises and equipment

2,494

2,223

 Operating lease equipment

463

353

 Goodwill

2,624

2,470

 Intangible assets

168

147

 Servicing rights

499

618

 Other assets

10,112

7,023

 Total Assets

$119,764

110,962

 Liabilities

 Deposits:

 Demand

$15,287

14,404

 Interest checking

13,826

15,254

 Savings

16,063

15,635

 Money market

4,689

6,521

 Other time

14,350

11,440

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

11,851

6,738

 Foreign office and other

2,547

5,453

 Total deposits

78,613

75,445

 Federal funds purchased

287

4,427

 Other short-term borrowings

9,959

4,747

 Accrued taxes, interest and expenses

2,029

2,427

 Other liabilities

3,214

1,898

 Long-term debt

13,585

12,857

 Total Liabilities

107,687

101,801

 Shareholders’ Equity

 Common stock (e)

1,295

1,295

 Preferred stock (f)

4,241

9

 Capital surplus (g)

848

1,779

 Retained earnings

5,824

8,413

 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

98

(126)

 Treasury stock

(229)

(2,209)

 Total Shareholders’ Equity

12,077

9,161

 Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

$119,764

110,962

(a)

Amortized cost: 
December 31, 2008 - $12,550

 and December 31, 2007 - $10,821 

(b)

Market values: 
December 31, 2008 - $360

 and December 31, 2007 - $355 

(c)

Includes $881 million of residential mortgage loans held for sale measured at fair value at December 31, 2008. 

(d)

Includes $7 million of residential mortgage loans held for investment measured at fair value at December 31, 2008. 

(e)

Common shares: Stated value $2.22 per share; authorized 2,000,000,000; outstanding at 
December 31, 2008 - 577,386,612 (excludes 6,040,492 treasury
shares)

 and December 31, 2007 - 532,671,925 (excludes 51,516,339 treasury shares). 

(f)

317,680 shares of undesignated no par value preferred stock are authorized of which none had been issued; 7,250 shares of 8.0% cumulative Series D convertible (at $23.5399 per
share) perpetual preferred stock with a stated value of $1,000 per share, which were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2007 and repurchased for $22 million and retired on November 26, 2008; 2,000 shares of 8.0% cumulative Series E
perpetual preferred stock with a stated value of $1,000 per share, which were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2007 and repurchased for $6 million and retired on November 26, 2008; 5.0% cumulative Series F perpetual preferred stock
with a $25,000 liquidation preference: 136,320 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2008; 8.5% non-cumulative Series G convertible (into 2,159.8272 common shares) perpetual preferred stock with a $25,000 liquidation preference: 46,000
authorized, 44,300 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2008. 

(g)

Includes ten-year warrants valued at $239 million to purchase up to 43,617,747 shares of common stock, no par value, related to Series F preferred stock, at an initial exercise
price of $11.72 per share. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 56

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except per share data)

2008

2007

2006

 Interest Income

 Interest and fees on loans and leases

$4,935

5,418

5,000

 Interest on securities

660

590

934

 Interest on other short-term investments

13

19

21

 Total interest income

5,608

6,027

5,955

 Interest Expense

 Interest on deposits

1,289

2,007

1,910

 Interest on other short-term borrowings

248

324

402

 Interest on long-term debt

557

687

770

 Total interest expense

2,094

3,018

3,082

 Net Interest Income

3,514

3,009

2,873

 Provision for loan and lease losses

4,560

628

343

 Net Interest Income (Loss) After Provision for Loan and Lease Losses

(1,046)

2,381

2,530

 Noninterest Income

 Electronic payment processing revenue

912

826

717

 Service charges on deposits

641

579

517

 Corporate banking revenue

444

367

318

 Investment advisory revenue

353

382

367

 Mortgage banking net revenue

199

133

155

 Other noninterest income

363

153

299

 Securities gains (losses), net

(86)

21

(364)

 Securities gains - non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing rights

120

6

3

 Total noninterest income

2,946

2,467

2,012

 Noninterest Expense

 Salaries, wages and incentives

1,337

1,239

1,174

 Employee benefits

278

278

292

 Net occupancy expense

300

269

245

 Payment processing expense

274

244

184

 Technology and communications

191

169

141

 Equipment expense

130

123

116

 Goodwill impairment

965

-

-

 Other noninterest expense

1,089

989

763

 Total noninterest expense

4,564

3,311

2,915

 Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes and Cumulative Effect

(2,664)

1,537

1,627

 Applicable income tax expense (benefit)

(551)

461

443

 Income (Loss) Before Cumulative Effect

(2,113)

1,076

1,184

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax (a)

-

-

4

 Net Income (Loss)

(2,113)

1,076

1,188

 Dividends on preferred stock

67

1

-

 Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Shareholders

$(2,180)

1,075

1,188

 Earnings Per Share

$(3.94)

2.00

2.14

 Earnings Per Diluted Share

$(3.94)

1.99

2.13

(a)

Reflects a benefit of $4 million (net of $2 million of tax) for the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) as of January 1, 2006. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 57

Table of Contents

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY

($ in millions, except per share data)

CommonStock

PreferredStock

CapitalSurplus

RetainedEarnings

AccumulatedOther
Comprehensive
Income

TreasuryStock

Total

 Balance at December 31, 2005

$1,295

9

1,827

8,007

(413)

(1,279)

9,446

 Net income

1,188

1,188

 Other comprehensive income

288

288

 Comprehensive income

1,476

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting for pension and other postretirement obligations

(54)

(54)

 Cash dividends declared:

 Common stock at $1.58 per share

(880)

(880)

 Preferred stock

(1)

(1)

 Shares acquired for treasury

(82)

(82)

 Stock-based compensation expense

76

1

77

 Impact of cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

(6)

(6)

 Restricted stock grants

(45)

45

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

(49)

84

35

 Loans repaid related to the exercise of stock-based awards, net

8

8

 Change in corporate tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

(1)

(1)

 Other

2

2

4

 Balance at December 31, 2006

1,295

9

1,812

8,317

(179)

(1,232)

10,022

 Net income

1,076

1,076

 Other comprehensive income

53

53

 Comprehensive income

1,129

 Cash dividends declared:

 Common stock at $1.70 per share

(914)

(914)

 Preferred stock

(1)

(1)

 Shares acquired for treasury

(1,084)

(1,084)

 Stock-based compensation expense

60

1

61

 Impact of cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

(98)

(98)

 Restricted stock grants

(59)

59

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

(39)

86

47

 Loans repaid related to the exercise of stock-based awards, net

2

2

 Change in corporate tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

2

2

 Employee stock ownership through benefit plans

38

(38)

-

 Impact of diversification of nonqualified deferred compensation plan

(8)

(8)

 Other

1

2

3

 Balance at December 31, 2007

1,295

9

1,779

8,413

(126)

(2,209)

9,161

 Net loss

(2,113)

(2,113)

 Other comprehensive income

224

224

 Comprehensive loss

(1,889)

 Cash dividends declared:

 Common stock at $0.75 per share

(413)

(413)

 Preferred stock

(48)

(48)

 Dividends on redemption of preferred shares

(19)

(19)

 Issuance of preferred shares, Series G

1,072

1,072

 Issuance of preferred shares, Series F

3,169

239

3,408

 Shares issued in business combinations

(1,071)

1,841

770

 Retirement of preferred shares, Series D, E

(9)

(9)

 Stock-based compensation expense

56

1

57

 Restricted stock grants

(136)

136

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

(2)

2

-

 Loans repaid related to the exercise of stock-based awards, net

4

4

 Change in corporate tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

(16)

(16)

 Other

(5)

3

1

(1)

 Balance at December 31, 2008

$1,295

4,241

848

5,824

98

(229)

12,077

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 58

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Operating Activities

 Net Income (loss)

$(2,113)

1,076

1,188

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:

 Provision for loan and lease losses

4,560

628

343

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

-

(4)

 Depreciation, amortization and accretion

8

367

399

 Stock-based compensation expense

57

61

77

 Benefit for deferred income taxes

(1,140)

(178)

(21)

 Realized securities gains

(41)

(16)

(44)

 Realized securities losses

127

2

408

 Realized securities gains - non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing rights

(120)

(6)

(3)

 Provision (recovery) for mortgage servicing rights

207

22

(19)

 Net (gains) losses on sales of loans

(47)

112

4

 Capitalized mortgage servicing rights

(195)

(207)

(135)

 Loss on recalculation of the timing of tax benefits on leveraged leases

130

-

-

 Impairment charges on goodwill

965

-

-

 Loans originated for sale, net of repayments

(11,527)

(13,125)

(8,671)

 Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale

11,273

11,027

8,812

 Decrease (increase) in trading securities

134

16

(70)

 (Increase) decrease in other assets

(454)

86

(1,421)

 Increase (decrease) in accrued taxes, interest and expenses

925

194

(31)

 Excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

-

(4)

-

 Increase (decrease) in other liabilities

355

(741)

642

 Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Operating
Activities

3,104

(686)

1,454

 Investing Activities

 Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities

7,226

2,071

12,568

 Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of available-for-sale securities

67,883

13,468

3,033

 Purchases of available-for-sale securities

(76,317)

(15,541)

(4,676)

 Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of held-to-maturity securities

3

11

38

 Purchases of held-to-maturity securities

(11)

(11)

(5)

 (Increase) decrease in other short-term investments

(2,910)

224

(675)

 Net increase in loans and leases

(6,553)

(6,181)

(5,145)

 Proceeds from sales of loans

5,216

745

540

 Increase in operating lease equipment

(142)

(172)

(77)

 Purchases of bank premises and equipment

(410)

(459)

(443)

 Proceeds from disposal of bank premises and equipment

34

46

60

 Net cash acquired (paid) in business combinations

66

(230)

(5)

 Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Investing
Activities

(5,915)

(6,029)

5,213

 Financing Activities

 (Decrease) increase in core deposits

(2,820)

2,225

1,467

 Increase in certificates - $100,000 and over, including other foreign office

1,927

2,101

479

 (Decrease) increase in federal funds purchased

(4,352)

3,006

(3,902)

 Increase (decrease) in other short-term borrowings

4,478

1,951

(1,462)

 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

2,157

4,801

3,731

 Repayment of long-term debt

(2,272)

(5,494)

(6,441)

 Purchases of treasury stock

-

(1,084)

(82)

 Issuance of preferred stock, series F, G

4,480

-

-

 Payment of cash dividends

(687)

(898)

(867)

 Retirement of preferred shares, series D, E

(9)

-

-

 Dividends on redemption of preferred shares, series D, E

(19)

-

-

 Exercise of stock-based awards, net

4

49

43

 Excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

-

4

-

 Other, net

3

9

2

 Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Financing Activities

2,890

6,670

(7,032)

 Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Due from Banks

79

(45)

(365)

 Cash and Due from Banks at Beginning of Year

2,660

2,705

3,070

 Cash and Due from Banks at End of Year

$2,739

2,660

2,705

 Supplemental Cash Flow Information

 Cash Payments

 Interest

$2,053

2,996

3,051

 Income taxes

416

535

489

 Noncash Items

 Transfers of loans to securities

790

-

-

 Transfers of portfolio loans to held-for-sale loans

532

1,982

-

 Transfers of held-for-sale loans to portfolio loans

1,692

782

138

 Business Acquisitions:

 Fair value of tangible assets acquired (noncash)

4,368

2,446

6

 Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets acquired

1,194

297

17

 Liabilities assumed

(4,858)

(2,513)

(18)

 Common stock issued

(770)

-

-

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 59

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES 

 Nature of Operations 

Fifth
Third Bancorp (Bancorp), an Ohio corporation, conducts its principal lending, deposit gathering, transaction processing and service advisory activities through its banking and non-banking subsidiaries from banking centers located throughout the
Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United States. 

Basis of Presentation 

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Bancorp and its majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities in which the
Bancorp has been determined to be the primary beneficiary. Other entities, including certain joint ventures, in which the Bancorp has the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investee, but upon which
the Bancorp does not possess control, are accounted for by the equity method and not consolidated. Those entities in which the Bancorp does not have the ability to exercise significant influence are generally carried at the lower of cost or fair
value. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Certain prior period data has been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. 

Securities 

Securities are classified as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale or trading on the date of purchase. Only those securities which management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are classified as held-to-maturity are reported
at amortized cost. Securities are classified as available-for-sale when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response to, or in anticipation of, changes in market conditions. The Bancorp’s management has evaluated the securities
in an unrealized loss position in the available-for-sale portfolio and maintains the intent and ability to hold these securities to the earlier of the recovery of the losses or maturity. Securities are classified as trading when bought and held
principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. Available-for-sale and trading securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of related deferred income taxes, included in other comprehensive income and
other noninterest income, respectively. The fair value of a security is determined based on quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on quoted prices of similar instruments or discounted cash
flow models that incorporate market inputs and assumptions including discount rates, prepayment speeds, and loss rates. Realized securities gains or losses are reported within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The cost of
securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities are reviewed quarterly for possible other-than-temporary impairment. The review includes an analysis of the facts and circumstances of
each individual investment such as the severity of loss, the length of time the fair value has been below cost, the expectation for that security’s performance, the creditworthiness of the issuer and management’s intent and ability to hold
the security to recovery. A decline in value that is considered to be other-than-temporary is recorded as a loss within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Loans and Leases 

Interest income on loans and leases is based on the
principal balance outstanding computed using the effective interest 

method. The accrual of interest income for commercial loans is discontinued when there is a clear indication that the borrower’s cash flow may not be
sufficient to meet payments as they become due. Such loans are also placed on nonaccrual status when the principal or interest is past due ninety days or more, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. When a loan is placed
on nonaccrual status, all previously accrued and unpaid interest is charged against income and the loan is accounted for on the cost recovery method thereafter, until qualifying for return to accrual status. Generally, a loan is returned to accrual
status when all delinquent interest and principal payments become current in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement or when the loan is both well secured and in the process of collection. Consumer loans and revolving lines of credit for
equity lines that have principal and interest payments that have become past due one hundred and twenty days and residential mortgage loans and credit cards that have principal and interest payments that have become past due one hundred and eighty
days are charged off to the allowance for loan and lease losses. Commercial loans above a specified threshold are subject to individual review to identify charge-offs. Refer to the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses below for further discussion.

A loan is accounted for as a troubled debt restructuring if the Bancorp, for economic or legal reasons related to the
borrowers’ financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. A troubled debt restructuring typically involves a modification of terms such as a reduction of the stated interest rate or face amount
of the loan, a reduction of accrued interest, or an extension of the maturity date(s) at a stated interest rate lower than the current market rate for a new loan with similar risk. The Bancorp measures the impairment loss of a troubled debt
restructuring based on the difference between the original loan’s carrying amount and the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the original, contractual rate of the loan. Troubled debt restructurings remain on nonaccrual
status until a six-month payment history is sustained. 

Loan and lease origination and commitment fees and direct loan and
lease origination costs are deferred and the net amount is amortized over the estimated life of the related loans, leases or commitments as a yield adjustment. 

Direct financing leases are carried at the aggregate of lease payments plus estimated residual value of the leased property, less unearned income. Interest income on direct financing leases is
recognized over the term of the lease to achieve a constant periodic rate of return on the outstanding investment. Interest income on leveraged leases is recognized over the term of the lease to achieve a constant rate of return on the outstanding
investment in the lease, net of the related deferred income tax liability, in the years in which the net investment is positive. 

Conforming fixed residential mortgage loans are typically classified as held for sale upon origination based upon management’s intent to sell all the production of these loans. The Bancorp elected on January 1, 2008 to measure
residential mortgage loans held for sale at fair value in accordance with SFAS No. 159. The election was prospective, at the instrument level, for residential mortgage loans that have a designation as held for sale on the day the specific loan
closes. Existing residential mortgage loans held for sale as of December 31, 2007 were not included in the fair value option election and were valued at the lower of cost or market. All other loans held for sale continue to be valued at the
lower of cost or market. For residential mortgage loans held for sale, fair value is estimated based upon mortgage-backed securities prices and spreads to those prices or, for certain loans, discounted cash flow models that may incorporate the
anticipated portfolio composition, credit spreads of asset-backed securities with similar collateral, and market conditions. These fair value 

 60

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

marks are recorded to income in mortgage banking revenue. The Bancorp generally has commitments to sell residential mortgage loans held for sale in the
secondary market. Gains or losses on sales are recognized in mortgage banking net revenue upon delivery. 

Impaired loans
and leases are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, the fair value of the underlying collateral or readily observable secondary market values. The Bancorp evaluates
the collectibility of both principal and interest when assessing the need for a loss accrual. 

Other Real Estate Owned

Other real estate owned (OREO), which is included in other assets, represents property acquired through foreclosure or other
proceedings. OREO is carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less costs to sell. All property is periodically evaluated and reductions in carrying value are recognized in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

The Bancorp maintains an allowance to absorb probable loan and lease losses inherent in the portfolio. The allowance is maintained at a level the Bancorp considers to be adequate and is based on ongoing quarterly
assessments and evaluations of the collectibility and historical loss experience of loans and leases. Credit losses are charged and recoveries are credited to the allowance. Provisions for loan and lease losses are based on the Bancorp’s review
of the historical credit loss experience and such factors that, in management’s judgment, deserve consideration under existing economic conditions in estimating probable credit losses. In determining the appropriate level of the allowance, the
Bancorp estimates losses using a range derived from “base” and “conservative” estimates. 

Larger
commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses are subject to individual review. When individual loans are impaired, allowances are allocated based on management’s estimate of the borrower’s ability to repay the loan
given the availability of collateral, other sources of cash flow, as well as evaluation of legal options available to the Bancorp. The review of individual loans includes those loans that are impaired as provided in SFAS No. 114. Any allowances
for impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, fair value of the underlying collateral or readily observable secondary market values. The Bancorp
evaluates the collectibility of both principal and interest when assessing the need for a loss accrual. Historical loss rates are applied to commercial loans, which are not impaired or are impaired but smaller than an established threshold, and thus
not subject to specific allowance allocations. The loss rates are derived from a migration analysis, which tracks the historical net charge-off experience sustained on loans according to their internal risk grade. The risk grading system currently
utilized for allowance analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. 

Homogenous loans and leases, such as consumer
installment and residential mortgage loans, are not individually risk graded. Rather, standard credit scoring systems and delinquency monitoring are used to assess credit risks. Allowances are established for each pool of loans based on the expected
net charge-offs. Loss rates are based on the average net charge-off history by loan category. 

Historical loss rates for
commercial and consumer loans may be adjusted for significant factors that, in management’s judgment, are necessary to reflect losses inherent in the portfolio. Factors that management considers in the analysis include the effects of the
national and local economies; trends in the nature and volume of delinquencies, charge-offs and nonaccrual loans; changes in mix; credit score migration 

comparisons; asset quality trends; risk management and loan administration; changes in the internal lending policies and credit standards; collection
practices; and examination results from bank regulatory agencies and the Bancorp’s internal credit examiners. 

The
Bancorp’s current methodology for determining the allowance for loan and lease losses is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on impaired commercial credits above specified thresholds and other qualitative
adjustments. Allowances on individual loans and historical loss rates are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as necessary based on changing borrower and/or collateral conditions and actual collection and charge-off experience. An unallocated allowance
is maintained to recognize the imprecision in estimating and measuring loss when evaluating allowances for individual loans or pools of loans. 

Loans acquired by the Bancorp through a purchase business combination are evaluated for possible credit impairment at acquisition. Reductions to the carrying value of the acquired loans as a result of credit
impairment are recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. The Bancorp does not carry over the acquired company’s allowance for loan and lease losses, nor does the Bancorp add to its existing allowance for the acquired loans as part of purchase
accounting. 

The Bancorp’s primary market areas for lending are the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United
States. When evaluating the adequacy of allowances, consideration is given to these regional geographic concentrations and the closely associated effect changing economic conditions have on the Bancorp’s customers. 

In the current year, the Bancorp has not substantively changed any material aspect to its overall approach to determining its allowance
for loan and lease losses. There have been no material changes in criteria or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period allowance for loan and lease losses. 

Reserve for Unfunded Commitments 

The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb estimated probable losses related to unfunded credit facilities and is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, including an assessment of historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk grading and credit grade migration. Net
adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Loan Sales and Securitizations 

When the Bancorp sells loans through either securitizations or individual loan sales
in accordance with its investment policies, it may obtain one or more subordinated tranches, servicing rights, interest-only strips, credit recourse, other residual interests and in some cases, a cash reserve account, all of which are considered
interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp in the securitized or sold loans. Gains or losses on sale or securitization of the loans depend in part on the previous carrying amount of the financial assets sold or securitized. At the date of
transfer, obtained servicing rights are recorded at fair value and the remaining carrying value of the transferred financial assets is allocated between the assets sold and remaining interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp based on their
relative fair values at the date of sale or securitization. To obtain fair values, quoted market prices are used, if available. If quotes are not available for interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp, the Bancorp calculates fair value
based on the present value of future expected cash flows using management’s best estimates for the key assumptions, including credit losses, prepayment speeds, 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 61

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

forward yield curves and discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. Gain or loss on sale or securitization of loans is reported as a component of
noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp from securitized or sold loans, excluding servicing rights, are carried at fair value. Adjustments to fair value for interests that
continue to be held by the Bancorp classified as available-for-sale securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive income in the Consolidated Balance Sheets or in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income if the fair
value has declined below the carrying amount and such decline has been determined to be other-than-temporary. Adjustments to fair value for interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp classified as trading securities are recorded within other
noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Servicing rights resulting from residential mortgage and
commercial loan sales are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing revenues and are reported as a component of mortgage banking net revenue and corporate banking revenue, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements
of Income. Servicing rights are assessed for impairment monthly, based on fair value, with temporary impairment recognized through a valuation allowance and permanent impairment recognized through a write-off of the servicing asset and related
valuation allowance. Key economic assumptions used in measuring any potential impairment of the servicing rights include the prepayment speeds of the underlying loans, the weighted-average life, the discount rate, the weighted-average coupon and the
weighted-average default rate, as applicable. The primary risk of material changes to the value of the servicing rights resides in the potential volatility in the economic assumptions used, particularly the prepayment speeds. The Bancorp monitors
risk and adjusts its valuation allowance as necessary to adequately reserve for impairment in the servicing portfolio. For purposes of measuring impairment, the mortgage servicing rights are stratified into classes based on the financial asset type
(fixed-rate vs. adjustable-rate) and interest rates. Fees received for servicing loans owned by investors are based on a percentage of the outstanding monthly principal balance of such loans and are included in noninterest income in the Consolidated
Statements of Income as loan payments are received. Costs of servicing loans are charged to expense as incurred. 

Bank Premises and
Equipment 

Bank premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
amortization. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method based on estimated useful lives of the assets for book purposes, while accelerated depreciation is used for income tax purposes. Amortization of leasehold improvements is
computed using the straight-line method over the lives of the related leases or useful lives of the related assets, whichever is shorter. In accordance with SFAS No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
Assets,” the Bancorp tests its long-lived assets for impairment through both a probability-weighted and primary-asset approach whenever events or changes in circumstances dictate. Maintenance, repairs and minor improvements are charged to
noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income as incurred. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The Bancorp accounts for its derivatives under SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,” as amended.
This Statement requires recognition of all derivatives as either assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and requires measurement of those instruments at fair value through adjustments to accumulated other comprehensive 

income and/or current earnings, as appropriate. On the date the Bancorp enters into a derivative contract, the Bancorp designates the derivative instrument
as either a fair value hedge, cash flow hedge or as a free-standing derivative instrument. For a fair value hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument and changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability or of an
unrecognized firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk are recorded in current period net income. For a cash flow hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument, to the extent that it is effective, are recorded in accumulated
other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified to net income in the same period(s) that the hedged transaction impacts net income. For free-standing derivative instruments, changes in fair values are reported in current period net income.

Prior to entering into a hedge transaction, the Bancorp formally documents the relationship between hedging instruments
and hedged items, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes linking all derivative instruments that are designated as fair value or cash flow hedges to specific assets and
liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific forecasted transactions, along with a formal assessment at both inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis as to the effectiveness of the derivative instrument in offsetting changes in fair values
or cash flows of the hedged item. If it is determined that the derivative instrument is not highly effective as a hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued and the adjustment to fair value of the derivative instrument is recorded in net income.

Income Taxes 

The Bancorp estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax jurisdictions in which the Bancorp conducts business. On a quarterly basis, management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate
based upon its current estimate of the amount and components of net income, tax credits and the applicable statutory tax rates expected for the full year. The estimated income tax expense is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the balance sheet method and are reported in either other
assets or accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities,
and recognizes enacted changes in tax rates and laws. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent they exist and are subject to a valuation allowance based on management’s judgment that realization is more-likely-than-not. 

Accrued taxes represent the net estimated amount due to taxing jurisdictions and are reported in accrued taxes, interest and expenses in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bancorp evaluates and assesses the relative risks and appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other information and maintains
tax accruals consistent with its evaluation of these relative risks and merits. Changes to the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations being conducted by
taxing authorities and changes to statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that impact the relative risks of tax positions. These changes, when they occur, can affect deferred taxes and accrued taxes as well as the current period’s income
tax expense and can be significant to the operating results of the Bancorp. As described in greater detail in Note 16, the Internal Revenue Service has challenged the Bancorp’s tax treatment of certain leasing transactions. For additional
information on income taxes, see Note 22. 

 62

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Earnings Per Share 

In accordance
with SFAS No. 128, “Earnings Per Share,” basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Earnings per
diluted share is computed by dividing adjusted net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common stock equivalents
represent the assumed conversion of convertible preferred stock and the exercise of stock-based awards. 

Goodwill 

SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets” requires goodwill to be reported at, and tested for impairment at the
Bancorp’s reporting unit level on an annual basis and more frequently in certain circumstances. The Bancorp has determined that its segments qualify as reporting units under the guidance of SFAS No. 142. Impairment exists when a reporting
unit’s carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, which is determined through a two-step impairment test. The first step (Step 1) compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. If the
carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step (Step 2) of the goodwill impairment test is performed to measure the impairment loss amount, if any. 

The fair value of a reporting unit is the price that would be received to sell the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. To determine the fair value of a reporting unit, the Bancorp implements an income based approach, utilizing the reporting unit’s forecasted cash flows (including a terminal value approach to estimate
cash flows beyond the final year of the forecast) and the reporting unit’s estimated cost of equity as the discount rate. Additionally, the Bancorp determines its market capitalization based on the average close price of the Bancorp’s
stock during the month including the measurement date, incorporating an additional control premium (as discussed in SFAS No. 142), and allocates this market based fair value measurement to the Bancorp’s reporting units in order to
corroborate the results of the income approach. 

When required to perform Step 2, the Bancorp compares the implied fair
value of a reporting unit’s goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment loss equal to that excess amount is recognized, not to exceed the goodwill carrying amount.
Consistent with SFAS No. 142, during Step 2, the Bancorp determines the implied fair value of goodwill for a reporting unit by assigning the fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit (including any
unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. The excess of the fair value of the reporting units over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill.
This assignment process is only performed for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment. The Bancorp does not adjust the carrying values of recognized assets or liabilities (other than goodwill, if appropriate), nor recognize previously
unrecognized intangible assets in the Consolidated Financial Statements as a result of this assignment process. Refer to Note 8 for discussion of the Bancorp’s goodwill impairment review process. 

Other 

Securities and other
property held by Fifth Third Investment Advisors, a division of the Bancorp’s banking subsidiaries, in a fiduciary or agency capacity are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets because such items are not assets of the subsidiaries.
Investment advisory revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income is recognized on the accrual 

basis. Investment advisory service revenues are recognized monthly based on a fee charged per transaction processed and/or a fee charged on the market value
of average account balances associated with individual contracts. 

The Bancorp recognizes revenue from its electronic
payment processing services on an accrual basis as such services are performed, recording revenues net of certain costs (primarily interchange and assessment fees charged by credit card associations) not controlled by the Bancorp. 

The Bancorp purchases life insurance policies on the lives of certain directors, officers and employees and is the owner and beneficiary
of the policies. The Bancorp invests in these policies, known as BOLI, to provide an efficient form of funding for long-term retirement and other employee benefits costs. The Bancorp records these BOLI policies within other assets in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at each policy’s respective cash surrender value, with changes recorded in other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Other intangible assets consist of core deposit intangibles, customer lists, non-competition agreements and cardholder relationships. Other intangibles are amortized on either a straight-line or
an accelerated basis over their useful lives. The Bancorp reviews other intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 

Acquisitions of treasury stock are carried at cost. Reissuance of shares in treasury for acquisitions, exercises of stock-based awards
or other corporate purposes is recorded based on the specific identification method. 

Advertising costs are generally
expensed as incurred. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements.” This Statement defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement and should be determined based on assumptions that a market participant would use when pricing an asset or liability. This
Statement clarifies that market participant assumptions should include assumptions about risk as well as the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset. Additionally, this Statement establishes a fair value hierarchy that provides the
highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data. The adoption of SFAS No. 157 on January 1, 2008 did not have a material effect on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. In
February 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 157-2, “Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157”, which delayed the effective date of SFAS No. 157 for non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities, except for items that are
recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually), to fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2008. The impact of adopting SFAS No. 157 for non-financial assets and non-financial
liabilities on January 1, 2009 did not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. In October 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 157-3, “Determining the Fair Value of a Financial Asset When the Market for
That Asset Is Not Active”, which clarifies the application of SFAS No. 157 in a market that is not active and illustrates key considerations in determining the fair value. FSP No. FAS 157-3 was effective upon issuance. The adoption of FSP
No. FAS 157-3 did not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In February 2007,
the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, “The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities – Including an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115.” This Statement permits an entity to choose to measure certain financial

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 63

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

instruments and certain other items at fair value, on an instrument-by-instrument basis. Once an entity has elected to record eligible items at fair value,
the decision is irrevocable and the entity should report unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected in earnings. On January 1, 2008, upon adoption of this Statement, the Bancorp elected to
prospectively measure at fair value, residential mortgage loans originated on or after January 1, 2008 that have a designation as held for sale. Prior to the Bancorp’s adoption of SFAS No. 159 for residential mortgage loans held for
sale, mortgage loan origination fees and costs were capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the loan and recognized as a reduction of mortgage banking net revenue upon the sale of the loans. Subsequent to the adoption, mortgage loan
origination costs are recognized as an expense when incurred and included in noninterest expense within the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the year ended December 31, 2008, the adoption of SFAS No. 159 resulted in the recognition
of approximately $65 million in mortgage loan origination fees and costs in noninterest expense. 

In December 2007, the
FASB issued SFAS No. 141(R), “Business Combinations” which supercedes SFAS No. 141, “Business Combinations.” This Statement retains the fundamental requirements in SFAS No. 141 that the acquisition method of
accounting (formerly referred to as purchase method) be used for all business combinations and that an acquirer be identified for each business combination. This Statement defines the acquirer as the entity that obtains control of one or more
businesses in the business combination and establishes the acquisition date as of the date that the acquirer achieves control. This Statement requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling
interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date, measured at their fair values. This Statement requires the acquirer to generally recognize acquisition-related costs and restructuring costs separately from the business combination as period
expenses. The Bancorp’s adoption of this statement will impact the accounting and reporting of business combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after January 1, 2009. 

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements - an Amendment
to ARB No. 51.” This Statement establishes new accounting and reporting standards that require the ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the parent be clearly identified, labeled, and presented in the consolidated
statement of financial position within equity, but separate from the parent’s equity. The Statement also requires the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling interest be clearly identified and
presented on the face of the consolidated statement of income. In addition, when a subsidiary is deconsolidated, any retained noncontrolling equity investment in the former subsidiary shall be initially measured at fair value, with the gain or loss
on the deconsolidation of the subsidiary measured using the fair value of any noncontrolling equity investment rather than the carrying amount of that retained investment. SFAS No. 160 also clarifies that changes in a parent’s ownership
interest in a subsidiary that do not result in deconsolidation are equity transactions if the parent retains its controlling financial interest. The Statement also includes expanded disclosure requirements regarding the interests of the parent and
its noncontrolling interest. The adoption of this Statement on January 1, 2009 will not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161, “Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - an Amendment of FASB Statement 133”. This Statement enhances
required disclosures regarding derivatives and hedging activities, including enhanced disclosures regarding how: (a) an entity uses derivative instruments; 

(b) derivative instruments and related hedged items are accounted for under SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities”; and (c) derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity’s financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. SFAS No. 161 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after
November 15, 2008. 

In November 2007, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 109, “Written Loan
Commitments Recorded at Fair Value through Earnings.” This SAB supersedes SAB No. 105, “Application of Accounting Principles to Loan Commitments”, and expresses the current view of the staff that, consistent with guidance in SFAS
No. 156 and No. 159, the expected net future cash flows related to the associated servicing of a loan should be included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings.
Additionally, this SAB expands the SAB No. 105 view that internally-developed intangible assets should not be recorded as part of the fair value for any written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings. The
adoption of SAB No. 109 on January 1, 2008 did not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In June 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. EITF 03-6-1, “Determining Whether Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions Are Participating Securities.” This FSP provides that unvested share-based
payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or unpaid) are participating securities and shall be included in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method described in
paragraphs 60 and 61 of SFAS No. 128, “Earnings per Share”. This FSP is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2008, and interim periods within those years. All prior-period earnings
per share data presented will be adjusted retrospectively (including interim financial statements, summaries of earnings, and selected financial data) to conform with the provisions of this FSP. Early application is not permitted. The Bancorp’s
adoption of this FSP on January 1, 2009 will result in a retrospective adjustment of earnings per share previously reported in 2008. Upon applying this FSP in 2009, the Bancorp’s basic and diluted earnings per share for the years ended
December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 will be adjusted as follows: 

As Reported

 Upon Adoption of

FSP EITF 03-6-1

 2008

 Earnings Per Share

$(3.94)

$(3.91)

 Earnings Per Diluted Share

(3.94)

(3.91)

 2007

 Earnings Per Share

$2.00

$1.99

 Earnings Per Diluted Share

1.99

1.98

 2006

 Earnings Per Share

$2.14

$2.13

 Earnings Per Diluted Share

2.13

2.12

In July 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation (FIN) No. 48, “Accounting
for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109.” This Interpretation clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in accordance with SFAS No. 109, “Accounting for Income
Taxes.” This Interpretation also prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. This Interpretation also
provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The evaluation of a tax position in accordance with this Interpretation is a two-step process. The first step is a
recognition process to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related 

 64

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. The second step is a measurement process whereby a tax position that meets
the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is calculated to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. In May 2007, the FASB issued FSP No. FIN 48-1, “Definition of Settlement in FASB FIN
No. 48.” FSP No. FIN 48-1 amends FIN No. 48 to provide guidance on determining whether a tax position is “effectively settled” for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits. The concept of
“effectively settled” replaces the concept of “ultimately settled” originally issued in FIN 48. The tax position can be considered “effectively settled” upon completion of an examination by the taxing authority if the
entity does not plan to appeal or litigate any aspect of the tax position and it is remote that the taxing authority would examine any aspect of the tax position. For effectively settled tax positions, the full amount of the tax benefit can be
recognized. The guidance in FSP No. FIN 48-1 was effective upon initial adoption of FIN No. 48. FIN No. 48 was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. Upon adoption of this Interpretation on January 1, 2007,
the Bancorp recognized an after-tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $2 million representing the cumulative effect of applying the provisions of this interpretation. 

In July 2006, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. FAS 13-2, “Accounting for a Change or Projected Change in the Timing of
Cash Flows Relating to Income Taxes Generated by a Leveraged Lease Transaction.” This FSP addresses the accounting for a change or projected change in the timing of lessor cash flows, but not the total net income, relating to income taxes
generated by a leveraged lease transaction. This FSP amends SFAS No. 13, “Accounting for Leases,” and applies to all transactions classified as leveraged leases. The timing of cash flows relating to income taxes generated by a
leveraged lease is an important assumption that affects the periodic income recognized by the lessor. Under this FSP, the projected timing of income tax cash flows generated by a leveraged lease transaction are required to be reviewed annually or
more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that a change in timing has occurred or is projected to occur. The expected timing of the income tax cash flows generated by a leveraged lease is revised if during the lease term the rate of return
and the allocation of income would be recalculated from the inception of the lease. In the year of adoption, the cumulative effect of the change in the net investment balance resulting from the recalculation will be recognized as an adjustment to
the beginning balance of retained earnings. On an ongoing basis following the adoption, a change in the net investment balance resulting from a recalculation will be recognized as a gain or a loss in the period in which the assumption changed and
included in income from continuing operations in the same line item where leveraged lease income is recognized. These amounts would then be recognized back into income over the remaining terms of the affected leases. Additionally, upon adoption,
only tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be reflected in the financial statements and all recognized tax positions in a leveraged lease must be measured in accordance with FIN 48. Upon adoption of this FSP
on January 1, 2007, the Bancorp recognized an after-tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $96 million representing the cumulative effect of applying the provisions of this FSP. Furthermore, due to recent court decisions related to
leveraged leases and uncertainty regarding the outcome of outstanding litigation involving certain of the Bancorp’s leveraged leases, the Bancorp recognized after-tax charges relating to leveraged leases of $229 million and $3 million in the
second and third quarters of 2008, respectively. See Note 16 for additional information. 

In September 2008, the FASB
issued FSP No. FAS 133-1 and FIN 45-4, “Disclosures about Credit Derivatives and Certain 

Guarantees - An Amendment of FASB Statement No. 133 and FASB Interpretation No. 45; and Clarification of the Effective Date of FASB Statement
No. 161.” This FSP applies to: (a) credit derivatives within the scope of SFAS No. 133; (b) hybrid instruments that have embedded credit derivatives; and (c) guarantees within the scope of FIN No. 45,
“Guarantor’s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others.” This FSP amends Statement 133, to require disclosures by sellers of credit derivatives, including credit
derivatives embedded in a hybrid instrument. This FSP also amends FIN 45, to require an additional disclosure about the current status of the payment/performance risk of a guarantee. In addition, this FSP clarifies the FASB’s intent that the
disclosures required by SFAS No. 161, “Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities”, should be provided for any reporting period (annual or interim) beginning after November 15, 2008. The provisions of this
FSP that amend Statement 133 and FIN 45 are effective for reporting periods (annual or interim) ending after November 15, 2008. 

In December 2008, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 140-4 and FIN 46(R)-8, “Disclosures about Transfers of Financial Assets and Interests in Variable Interest Entities”. The purpose of this FSP is to improve
disclosures by public entities and enterprises until the pending amendments to SFAS No. 140, “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities”, and FIN 46(R), “Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities”, are finalized and approved by the FASB. The FSP amends Statement 140 to require public entities to provide additional disclosures about transfers of financial assets and variable interests in qualifying
special-purpose entities. It also amends Interpretation 46(R) to require public enterprises to provide additional disclosures about their involvement with variable interest entities. This FSP is effective for reporting periods ending after
December 15, 2008. The disclosure requirements of this FSP have been incorporated in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In June 2007, the Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) issued EITF Issue No. 06-11, “Accounting for Income Tax Benefits of Dividends on Share-Based Payment Awards.” The Issue states that a realized income
tax benefit from dividends or dividend equivalents that are charged to retained earnings and are paid to employees for equity classified nonvested equity shares, nonvested equity share units, and outstanding equity share options should be recognized
as an increase to additional paid-in capital. The amount recognized in additional paid-in capital for the realized income tax benefit from dividends on those awards should be included in the pool of excess tax benefits available to absorb tax
deficiencies on share-based payment awards. This Issue is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Bancorp has prospectively applied this Issue to applicable dividends
declared on or after January 1, 2008. The Bancorp’s adoption of this Issue did not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In June 2008, the Emerging Issues Task Force issued EITF Issue No. 07-5, “Determining Whether an Instrument (or Embedded Feature) Is Indexed to an Entity’s Own Stock.” This
Issue provides guidance an entity should use to evaluate whether an equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to its own stock. This Issue is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2008, and interim periods within that period. Early adoption is not permitted. The Bancorp’s adoption of this Issue on January 1, 2009 will not have a material impact on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

In January 2009, the FASB issued FSP No. EITF 99-20-1, “Amendments to the Impairment Guidance of EITF
Issue No. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 65

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

99-20,” which applies to beneficial interests within the scope of EITF Issue No. 99-20, “Recognition of Interest Income and Impairment on
Purchased Beneficial Interests and Beneficial Interests That Continue to Be Held by a Transferor in Securitized Financial Assets.” This FSP amends the impairment guidance in Issue 99-20 to align with Statement 115 and other related impairment
guidance. The FSP is effective for interim and annual 

 reporting periods ending after December 15, 2008, and is to be applied prospectively. Retrospective application to a prior interim or annual reporting period is not permitted. The Bancorp’s adoption of this
FSP on December 31, 2008 did not have a material effect on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ASSET ACQUISITIONS 

 First Charter 

On June 6,
2008, the Bancorp acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of First Charter, a full service financial institution headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. First Charter operated 57 branches in North Carolina and two in suburban Atlanta, Georgia.
The acquisition of First Charter expanded the Bancorp’s footprint into the Charlotte, North Carolina market and strengthened the Bancorp’s presence in Georgia. 

Under the terms of the transaction, the Bancorp paid $31.00 per First Charter share, or approximately $1.1 billion. Consideration was paid in the form of approximately 70% Fifth Third common
stock and 30% cash. First Charter common stock shareholders who received shares of Fifth Third common stock in the merger received 1.7412 shares of Fifth Third common stock for each share of First Charter common stock, resulting in the issuance of
42.9 million shares of Fifth Third common stock. The common stock issued to effect the transaction was valued at $17.80 per share, the average closing price of the Bancorp’s common stock on the five previous trading days ending on the
trading day immediately prior to the closing date. 

The assets and liabilities of First Charter were recorded on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets at their respective fair values as of the closing date. The results of First Charter’s operations were included in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Statements of Income from the date of acquisition. In addition, the
Bancorp realized charges against its earnings for acquisition-related expenses of $17 million during 2008. The acquisition-related expenses consisted primarily of consulting, marketing, travel and relocation, and other costs associated with system
conversions. 

The transaction resulted in total intangible assets of $1.2 billion based upon the purchase price, the fair
values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and applicable purchase accounting adjustments. Of this total intangibles amount, $56 million was allocated to core deposit intangibles, $9 million was allocated to customer lists and $2 million
was allocated to lease intangibles. The remaining $1.1 billion of intangible assets was recorded as goodwill, which is non-deductible for tax purposes. 

The pro forma effect and the financial results of First Charter included in the results of operations subsequent to the date of acquisition were immaterial to the Bancorp’s financial condition or the operating
results for the periods presented. 

R-G Crown 

On November 2, 2007, the Bancorp acquired 100% of the outstanding stock of R-G Crown Bank, FSB (Crown) from R&G Financial Corporation (R&G Financial). Crown operated 30 branches in Florida and three in
Augusta, Georgia. The 

acquisition strengthened the Bancorp’s presence in the Greater Orlando and Tampa Bay markets and also expanded its footprint into the Jacksonville and
Augusta, Georgia markets. 

Under the terms of the transaction, the Bancorp paid $259 million to R&G Financial and
assumed $50 million of trust preferred securities. Additionally, Fifth Third Financial paid approximately $16 million to R-G Crown Real Estate, LLC to acquire land leased by Crown for certain branches. The assets and liabilities of Crown were
recorded on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at their respective fair values as of the closing date. The results of Crown’s operations were included in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Statements of Income from the date of
acquisition. In addition, the Bancorp realized charges against its earnings for Crown acquisition-related expenses of $7 million in 2007 and $1 million in 2008. The acquisition-related expenses consisted primarily of marketing, consulting, travel,
and other costs associated with system conversions. 

The transaction resulted in total intangible assets of $287 million
based upon the purchase price, the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and applicable purchase accounting adjustments. Of this total intangibles amount, $19 million was allocated to core deposit intangibles and the remaining
$268 million was recorded as goodwill. The tax deductible portion of goodwill associated with the transaction was $249 million, with the remaining $19 million non-deductible for tax purposes. 

The pro forma effect of the financial results of Crown included in the results of operations subsequent to the date of acquisition were
immaterial to the Bancorp’s financial condition and operating results for the periods presented. 

Other 

On October 31, 2008, banking regulators declared Bradenton, Florida-based Freedom Bank insolvent and the FDIC was named receiver. The FDIC approved
the assumption of all deposits by the Bancorp, which approximated $257 million. The FDIC retained substantially all of Freedom Bank’s loan portfolio for later disposition. As part of the asset acquisition, the Bancorp recorded a core deposit
intangible of $3 million. 

On May 2, 2008, the Bancorp completed its purchase of nine branches located in Atlanta,
Georgia from First Horizon National Corporation (First Horizon). Under terms of the deal, the Bancorp acquired the nine branches and assumed the related deposits of $114 million. First Horizon retained all loans held at the branches. As part of the
asset acquisition, the Bancorp recorded a core deposit intangible of $1 million. 

 66

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3. RESTRICTIONS ON CASH AND DIVIDENDS 

 The Federal Reserve Bank requires banks to maintain minimum average reserve balances. The amount of the reserve requirement was approximately $406 million
and $301 million at December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007, respectively. 

Dividends paid by the Bancorp are
subject to various federal and state regulatory limitations. The dividends paid by the Bancorp’s state chartered subsidiary banks are subject to state regulations. Dividends that may be paid by the Bancorp’s national charter subsidiary
bank without the express approval of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) are limited to that bank’s retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years plus retained net profits up to the date of any dividend declaration
in the current calendar year. Under these provisions, the Bancorp’s state chartered and national subsidiary banks could have declared additional dividends of $492 million and $1.9 billion at December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively,
without obtaining prior regulatory approval. The Bancorp’s nonbank subsidiaries are also limited by certain federal and state statutory provisions 

and regulations covering the amount of dividends that may be paid in any given year. Based on retained earnings at December 31, 2008 and 2007, the
Bancorp’s nonbank subsidiaries could have declared additional dividends of $50 million and $100 million, respectively, without obtaining prior regulatory approval. 

On December 31, 2008, the Bancorp sold approximately $3.4 billion in senior preferred stock and related warrants to the U.S. Treasury under the terms of the CPP. The terms include
restrictions on common stock dividends, which require the U.S. Treasury’s consent to increase common stock dividends for a period of three years from the date of investment unless the preferred shares are redeemed in whole or the U.S. Treasury
has transferred all of the preferred shares to a third party. For the Bancorp, approval from the U.S. Treasury will be required for common stock dividends in excess of $0.15 per share of common stock. In addition, no dividends can be declared or
paid on the Bancorp’s common stock unless all accrued and unpaid dividends have been paid on the preferred shares. 

4. SECURITIES 

 Trading securities were $1.2
billion as of December 31, 2008 compared to $171 million at December 31, 2007. The increase in trading securities was due to the Bancorp purchasing VRDNs from the market during 2008. VRDNs classified as trading securities totaled $1.1
billion at December 31, 2008. See Note 15 for further information on VRDNs. Unrealized gains and losses on trading securities held at December 31, 2008 and 2007 were immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In 2008, 2007, and 2006, gross realized securities gains were 

$164 million, $28 million and $48 million, respectively, while gross realized securities losses were $130 million, $1 million and $408 million, respectively.

At December 31, 2008 and 2007, securities with a fair value of $9.2 billion and $8.8 billion, respectively, were
pledged to secure borrowings, public deposits, trust funds and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. The following table provides a breakdown of the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities portfolio as of December 31:

2008

2007

($ in millions)

AmortizedCost

UnrealizedGains

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

AmortizedCost

UnrealizedGains

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

 Available-for-sale and other:

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$186

4

-

190

3

-

-

3

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

1,651

83

(4)

1,730

160

1

(1)

160

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

323

4

(1)

326

490

6

-

496

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

8,529

157

(5)

8,681

8,738

24

(153)

8,609

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

613

-

(43)

570

385

1

(10)

376

 Other securities(a)

1,248

-

(17)

1,231

1,045

7

(19)

1,033

 Total

$12,550

248

(70)

12,728

10,821

39

(183)

10,677

 Held-to-maturity:

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

$355

-

-

355

351

-

-

351

 Other debt securities

5

-

-

5

4

-

-

4

 Total

$360

-

-

360

355

-

-

355

(a)

Other securities consist of FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank restricted stock holdings of $545 million and $252 million at December 31, 2008, respectively, and $523 million and
$199 million at December 31, 2007, respectively, that are carried at cost, certain mutual fund holdings and equity security holdings. 

The amortized cost and approximate fair value of securities at December 31, 2008, by contractual maturity, are shown in the following table. Actual maturities may differ from contractual
maturities when there exists a right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

Available-for-Sale

& Other

Held-to-Maturity

($ in millions)

AmortizedCost

FairValue

AmortizedCost

FairValue

 Debt securities:

 Under 1 year

$263

264

2

2

 1-5 years

750

762

79

79

 5-10 years

2,013

2,080

248

248

 Over 10 years

8,276

8,391

31

31

 Other securities

1,248

1,231

-

-

 Total

$12,550

12,728

360

360

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 67

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table provides the fair value and gross unrealized loss, aggregated by investment category and length of time the individual securities have
been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of December 31, 2008 and 2007: 

Less than 12months

12 months or more

Total

($ in millions)

FairValue

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

UnrealizedLosses

 2008

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$1

-

1

-

2

-

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

367

(4)

-

-

367

(4)

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

5

(1)

3

-

8

(1)

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

480

(2)

876

(3)

1,356

(5)

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

184

(23)

81

(20)

265

(43)

 Other securities

37

(17)

2

-

39

(17)

 Total

$1,074

(47)

963

(23)

2,037

(70)

 2007

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$1

-

1

-

2

-

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

99

(1)

-

-

99

(1)

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

6

-

1

-

7

-

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

2,279

(25)

3,730

(128)

6,009

(153)

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

279

(9)

6

(1)

285

(10)

 Other securities

57

(7)

27

(12)

84

(19)

 Total

$2,721

(42)

3,765

(141)

6,486

(183)

 The Bancorp’s management has evaluated the securities in an unrealized loss position in the available-for-sale portfolio on the basis of both the
duration of the decline in value of the security and the severity of that decline, and maintains the intent and ability to hold these securities to the earlier of the recovery of the loss or maturity. 

At December 31, 2008 and 2007, 26% and four percent, respectively, of unrealized losses in the available-for-sale securities
portfolio were represented by non-rated securities. 

 In 2008, the Bancorp recognized $104 million in OTTI charges on certain securities. Trust preferred securities included in other bonds, notes and debentures, which had an original par value of
$116 million, are now carried at $79 million, after an OTTI charge of $37 million. Additionally, FHLMC and FNMA preferred stock included in other securities had OTTI charges totaling $67 million in 2008 and are now carried at $1 million at
December 31, 2008. These charges were recognized due to the severity of the decline in the fair value of these securities during 2008. 

5. LOANS AND LEASES AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES 

A summary of the total loans and leases classified by primary
purpose as of December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Loans and leases held for sale:

 Commercial loans

$23

1,266

 Commercial mortgage loans

229

105

 Commercial constructions loans

221

-

 Residential mortgage loans

906

893

 Automobile loans

-

1,982

 Other consumer loans and leases

73

83

 Total loans and leases held for sale

$1,452

4,329

 Portfolio loans and leases (a):

 Commercial loans

$29,197

24,813

 Commercial mortgage loans

12,502

11,862

 Commercial construction loans

5,114

5,561

 Commercial leases

3,666

3,737

 Total commercial loans and leases

50,479

45,973

 Residential mortgage loans

9,385

10,540

 Home equity

12,752

11,874

 Automobile loans

8,594

9,201

 Credit card

1,811

1,591

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,122

1,074

 Total consumer loans and leases

33,664

34,280

 Total portfolio loans and leases

$84,143

80,253

(a)

At December 31, 2008 and 2007, deposit overdrafts of $51 million and $78 million, respectively, were included in portfolio loans. 

 Total portfolio loans and leases were recorded net of unearned income, which totaled $1.4 billion and $1.3 billion as of
December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Additionally, unamortized premiums and discounts, deferred loan fees and costs, and fair value adjustments (associated with acquired loans or loans designated as fair value upon origination) were $421
million and $18 million as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

The Bancorp diversifies its loan and lease
portfolio by offering a variety of loan and lease products with various payment terms and rate structures. Lending activities are concentrated within those states that the Bancorp has banking centers and are primarily located in the Midwest and
Southeastern portion of the United States. The Bancorp’s commercial loan portfolio consists of lending to various industry types. Management periodically 

reviews the performance of its loan and lease products to ensure they are performing within acceptable interest rate and credit risk levels and changes are
made to underwriting policies and procedures as needed. The Bancorp maintains an allowance to absorb loan and lease losses inherent in the portfolio. 

 68

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Transactions in the allowance for loan and lease losses for the years ended December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Balance at January 1

$937

771

744

 Losses charged off

(2,791)

(544)

(408)

 Recoveries of losses previously charged off

81

82

92

 Provision for loan and lease losses

4,560

628

343

 Balance at December 31

$2,787

937

771

As stated in Note 1, larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses
are subject to individual review. The balance of these impaired loans and related valuation allowance were as follows: 

2008

2007

2006

($ in millions)

 Loan

Balance

Allowance

 Loan

Balance

Allowance

 Loan

Balance

Allowance

 Impaired loans with allowance

$

1,222

$

534

306

118

193

59

 Impaired loans without allowance

270

-

188

-

100

-

 Total impaired loans

$

1,492

$

534

494

118

293

59

 Average impaired loans

$

822

280

209

Cash basis interest income recognized on impaired loans during each of the years presented was
immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The following table presents the Bancorp’s nonperforming and delinquent loans
included in the Bancorp’s portfolio of loans and leases as of December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Nonaccrual loans and leases

$1,696

813

 Restructured loans and leases (a)

574

80

 Total nonperforming loans and leases

2,270

893

 Repossessed personal property and other real estate owned

230

171

 Total nonperforming assets (b)

$2,500

1,064

 Total 90 days past due loans and leases

$662

491

(a)

Represents loans modified as part of a troubled debt restructuring. 

(b)

Does not include $473 million of nonaccrual loans held for sale at December 31, 2008, which are held at market value and not included in the allowance for loan and lease
losses. 

 At December 31, 2008 and 2007, total nonperforming assets were $3.0 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, and total loans and leases 90 days past
due were $662 million and $491 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2008 the Bancorp had less than $1 million in funding commitments to commercial borrowers whose loans were classified as nonperforming. 

 As shown previously, the
Bancorp engages in commercial and consumer lease products primarily related to the financing of commercial equipment and automobiles. The following is a summary of the gross investment in lease financing at December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Direct financing leases

$3,445

3,407

 Leveraged leases

2,375

2,452

 Total

$5,820

5,859

The components of the investment in lease financing at December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Rentals receivable, net of principal and interest on nonrecourse debt

$4,415

4,438

 Estimated residual value of leased assets

1,381

1,397

 Initial direct cost, net of amortization

24

24

 Gross investment in lease financing

5,820

5,859

 Unearned income

(1,384)

(1,325)

 Net investment in lease financing

$4,436

4,534

 The Bancorp periodically reviews residual values associated with its leasing portfolio. Declines in residual values that are deemed to be
other-than-temporary are recognized as a loss. The Bancorp recognized $3 million in residual value write-downs related to consumer automobile leases for the year ended December 31, 

2008 while residual write downs were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2007. At December 31, 2008, the minimum future lease payments
receivable for each of the years 2009 through 2013 was $1.1 billion, $1.1 billion, $.9 billion, $.7 billion and $.4 billion, respectively. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 69

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

6. LOANS ACQUIRED IN A TRANSFER 

 In 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp acquired certain loans for which there was evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and for which it
was probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments would not be collected. These loans were evaluated either individually or segregated into pools based on common risk characteristics and accounted for under Statement of Position
03-3, “Accounting for Certain Loans or Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer” (SOP 03-3). SOP 03-3 requires acquired loans within its scope to be recorded at their initial fair value and prohibits carrying over valuation allowances when
applying purchase accounting. Loans carried at fair value, mortgage loans held for sale and loans under revolving credit agreements are excluded from the scope of SOP 03-3. During 2008, the Bancorp recorded provision expense for loans accounted for
under SOP 03-3 of $35 million in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December 31, 2008 the Bancorp maintained an allowance for loan and lease losses of $6 million on loans accounted for under SOP 03-3. 

The following table reflects the outstanding balance of all contractually required payments and carrying amounts of those loans
accounted for under SOP 03-3 at December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Commercial

$224

94

 Consumer

87

135

 Outstanding balance

$311

229

 Carrying amount

$106

101

 At the acquisition date, the Bancorp determines the excess of the loan’s contractually required payments over all cash flows expected to be collected as an amount that should not be accreted into interest income
(nonaccretable difference). The remaining amount representing the difference in the expected cash flows of acquired loans and the initial investment in the acquired loans is accreted into interest income over the remaining life of the loan or pool
of loans (accretable yield). A summary of activity is provided. 

($ in millions)

AccretableYield

 Balance as of December 31, 2006

$-

 Additions

8

 Accretion

(2)

 Reclassifications from (to) nonaccretable difference

-

 Balance as of December 31, 2007

$6

 Additions

24

 Accretion

(15)

 Reclassifications from (to) nonaccretable difference

13

 Balance as of December 31, 2008

$28

The following table reflects loans acquired, for which it was probable at acquisition that all
contractually required payments would not be collected as of December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Contractually required payments receivable at acquisition:

 Commercial

$182

99

 Consumer

34

136

 Total

$216

235

 Cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition

$90

113

 Fair value of acquired loans at acquisition

66

105

7. BANK PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT 

A summary of bank premises and equipment at December 31:

($ in millions)

Estimated Useful Life

2008

2007

 Land and improvements

$743

620

 Buildings

10 to 50 yrs.

1,518

1,383

 Equipment

3 to 20 yrs.

1,317

1,210

 Leasehold improvements

3 to 40 yrs.

378

320

 Construction in progress

120

113

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization

(1,582)

(1,423)

 Total

$2,494

2,223

 Depreciation and amortization expense related to bank premises and equipment was $218 million in 2008, $205 million in 2007 and $187
million in 2006. 

Occupancy expense for cancelable and noncancelable leases was $98 million for 2008, $85 million for 2007
and $78 million for 2006. Occupancy expense has been reduced by rental income from leased premises of $13 million in 2008 and $12 million in 2007 and 2006. 

 The Bancorp’s
subsidiaries have entered into a number of noncancelable lease agreements with respect to bank premises and equipment. The minimum annual rental commitments under noncancelable lease agreements for land and buildings at December 31, 2008,
exclusive of income taxes and other charges, are $90 million in 2009, $83 million in 2010, $78 million in 2011 $74 million in 2012, $70 million in 2013 and $543 million in 2014 and subsequent years. 

 70

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

8. GOODWILL 

Changes in the net carrying amount of goodwill by
reporting segment for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 were as follows: 

($ in millions)

CommercialBanking

BranchBanking

ConsumerLending

InvestmentAdvisors

ProcessingSolutions

Total

 Balance as of December 31, 2006

$871

797

182

138

205

2,193

 Acquisition activity

124

153

-

-

-

277

 Balance as of December 31, 2007

995

950

182

138

205

2,470

 Acquisition activity

369

707

33

10

-

1,119

 Impairment

(750)

-

(215)

-

-

(965)

 Balance as of December 31, 2008

$614

1,657

-

148

205

2,624

 Business combinations entered into by the Bancorp typically include the acquisition of goodwill. Acquisition activity includes acquisitions in the
respective period in addition to purchase accounting adjustments related to previous acquisitions. During the second quarter of 2008, the Bancorp acquired First Charter, which resulted in the recognition of $1.1 billion of goodwill. During 2007, the
Bancorp acquired Crown, which resulted in the recognition of $268 million in goodwill; of this amount $249 million was deductible for tax purposes. 

At September 30, 2008, the Bancorp completed its annual goodwill impairment test and determined that no impairment existed. As prescribed in SFAS No. 142, goodwill should be tested for impairment between
annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. During the fourth quarter of 2008, the Bancorp experienced a sustained, significant decline
in its stock price, which was primarily 

attributable to the continuing economic slowdown and increased market concern surrounding financial services companies’ credit risks and capital
positions. The Bancorp determined these events resulted in certain of its reporting units’ fair values being more-likely-than-not reduced below their carrying amounts. Therefore, the Bancorp performed a goodwill impairment test as of
December 31, 2008. 

Based on the results of the Step 1 test as defined in SFAS No. 142, the Commercial Banking,
Consumer Lending, and Branch Banking reporting units’ carrying amounts, including goodwill, exceeded their related fair values. Upon completion of the Step 2 test, the Bancorp determined that the Commercial Banking and Consumer Lending
reporting units’ goodwill carrying amounts exceeded their associated implied fair values by $750 million and $215 million, respectively. The resulting $965 million goodwill impairment charge was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2008.

9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

 Intangible assets consist of servicing rights, core deposit intangibles, customer lists, non-compete agreements and cardholder relationships. Intangible
assets, excluding servicing rights, are amortized on either a straight-line or an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives and have an estimated weighted-average life at December 31, 2008 of 2.8 years. The 

Bancorp reviews intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable.
The details of the Bancorp’s intangible assets are shown in the following table. For further information on servicing rights, see Note 10. 

($ in millions)

GrossCarrying
Amount

AccumulatedAmortization

ValuationAllowance

NetCarrying
Amount

 As of December 31, 2008:

 Mortgage servicing rights

$1,614

(862)

(256)

496

 Other consumer and commercial servicing rights

13

(10)

-

3

 Core deposit intangibles

487

(346)

-

141

 Other

61

(34)

-

27

 Total intangible assets

$2,175

(1,252)

(256)

667

 As of December 31, 2007:

 Mortgage servicing rights

$1,417

(755)

(49)

613

 Other consumer and commercial servicing rights

24

(19)

-

5

 Core deposit intangibles

430

(302)

-

128

 Other

44

(25)

-

19

 Total intangible assets

$1,915

(1,101)

(49)

765

As of December 31, 2008, all of the Bancorp’s intangible assets were
being amortized. Amortization expense recognized on intangible assets, including servicing rights, for 2008 and 2007 was $164 million and $135 million, respectively. Estimated amortization expense, including servicing rights, for the years ending
December 31, 2009 through 2013 is as follows: 

($ in millions)

 2009

$217

 2010

165

 2011

115

 2012

86

 2013

66

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 71

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

10. SALES OF RECEIVABLES AND SERVICING RIGHTS 

 Residential Mortgage Loan Sales 

The Bancorp sold fixed and adjustable rate residential mortgage loans during 2008, 2007 and 2006. In those sales, the Bancorp obtained servicing responsibilities and the investors have no recourse to the Bancorp’s other assets for
failure of debtors to pay when due. The Bancorp receives annual servicing fees based on a percentage of the outstanding balance. The Bancorp identifies classes of servicing assets based on financial asset type and interest rates. Initial carrying
values of servicing rights recognized during 2008 and 2007 were $196 million and $205 million, respectively. 

For the
years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp recognized pretax gains of $260 million, $67 million and $68 million, respectively, on the sales of $11.5 billion, $10.1 billion and $7.1 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage
loans. Additionally, the Bancorp recognized $164 million, $145 million and $121 million in servicing fees on residential mortgages for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The gains on sales of residential mortgages
and servicing fees related to residential mortgages are included in mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The Bancorp previously sold certain residential mortgage loans in the secondary market with recourse. In the event of any customer default, pursuant to the credit recourse provided, the Bancorp is required to
reimburse the third party. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the total outstanding balance. In the event of nonperformance, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying
collateral value securing the loan. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the outstanding balances on these loans sold with recourse were approximately $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively, and the delinquency rates were approximately 6.40% and
3.03%, respectively. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp maintained an estimated credit loss reserve on these loans sold with recourse of approximately $20 million and $17 million, respectively, recorded in other liabilities on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach that is consistent with its overall approach in estimating credit losses for various categories of residential mortgage loans held in its loan portfolio.

Automobile Loan Securitizations 

During 2008, the Bancorp recognized pretax gains of $15 million on the sale of $2.7 billion of automobile loans in three separate transactions. Each transaction isolated the related loans through the use of a
securitization trust or a conduit, formed as QSPEs, to facilitate the securitization process in accordance with SFAS No. 140. The QSPEs issue asset-backed securities with varying levels of credit subordination and payment priority. The
investors in these securities have no recourse to the Bancorp’s other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. During 2008, the Bancorp did not repurchase any previously transferred automobile loans from the QSPEs. 

In each of these sales, the Bancorp obtained servicing responsibility, but no servicing asset or liability was recorded as the market
based servicing fee was considered adequate compensation. The Bancorp recognized $9 million of servicing fees on these automobile loans during 2008, which is included in mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp held retained interests in the QSPEs in the form of asset-backed securities
totaling $51 million and residual interests totaling $124 million. These retained interests are included in available-for-sale securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During 2008, the Bancorp received cash flows of $3 million from the
asset-backed securities and $37 million from the residual interests. The asset-backed securities are measured at fair value using quoted market prices. The residual interests are measured at fair value based on the present value of

future expected cash flows using management’s best estimates for the key assumptions, which are further discussed below. 

Commercial Loan Sales to a QSPE 

Through December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp had transferred, subject to credit recourse, certain primarily floating-rate, short-term, investment grade commercial loans to an unconsolidated QSPE that is wholly owned by an
independent third-party. The transfer of loans to the QSPE was accounted for as a sale in accordance with SFAS No. 140. The QSPE issues commercial paper and uses the proceeds to fund the acquisition of commercial loans transferred to it by the
Bancorp. 

The Bancorp transferred the loans for par at origination, therefore, no gains or losses were recognized on the
transfers to the QSPE for the years ended 2008, 2007 and 2006. Generally, the loans transferred provide a lower yield due to their investment grade nature, and therefore transferring these loans to the QSPE allows the Bancorp to reduce its interest
rate exposure to these lower yielding loan assets while maintaining the customer relationships. Under current accounting provisions, QSPEs are exempt from consolidation and, therefore, not included in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial
Statements. The outstanding balance of these loans at December 31, 2008 and 2007 was $1.9 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the value of the servicing asset related to these sales was immaterial to the
Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. As of December 31, 2008, the loans transferred had a weighted average life of 2.2 years. These loans may be transferred back to the Bancorp upon the occurrence of certain specified events. These
events include borrower default on the loans transferred, bankruptcy preferences initiated against underlying borrowers, ineligible loans transferred by the Bancorp to the QSPE, and the inability of the QSPE to issue commercial paper. The maximum
amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is approximately equivalent to the total outstanding balance. During the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, the QSPE did not transfer any loans back to
the Bancorp as a result of a credit event. 

The Bancorp monitors the credit risk associated with the underlying borrowers
through the same risk grading system currently utilized for establishing loss reserves in its loan and lease portfolio. Under this risk rating system as of December 31, 2008, approximately $1.8 billion of the loans in the QSPE were classified
average or better; approximately $77 million were classified as watch-list or special mention; and approximately $76 million were classified as substandard. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp’s loss reserve related to the credit
enhancement provided to the QSPE was $37 million and $18 million, respectively, and was recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach that is consistent with its
overall approach in estimating credit losses for various categories of commercial loans held in its loan portfolio. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2008, the Bancorp collected $334 million in net cash proceeds from loan transfers and $13 million in servicing fees from the QSPE. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the Bancorp collected $1.1 billion in net
cash proceeds from loan transfers and $30 million in servicing fees from the QSPE. For the year ended December 31, 2006, the Bancorp collected $1.6 billion in net cash proceeds from loan transfers and $30 million in servicing fees from the QSPE.

The ability of the QSPE to issue commercial paper is a function of general market conditions and the credit rating of the
liquidity provider. In the event the QSPE is unable to issue commercial paper, the Bancorp has agreed to provide liquidity support to the QSPE in the form of purchases of commercial paper, a line of credit to the QSPE and the repurchase of assets
from the QSPE. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the liquidity asset purchase agreement was $2.8 billion and $5.0 billion, respectively. During 2008, dislocation in the short-term funding 

 72

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

market caused the QSPE difficulty in obtaining sufficient funding through the issuance of commercial paper. As a result, the Bancorp provided liquidity
support to the QSPE during 2008 through purchases of commercial paper, a line of credit to the QSPE, and the repurchase of assets from the QSPE under the liquidity asset purchase agreement. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp held
approximately $143 million of asset-backed commercial paper issued by the QSPE, representing 7% of the total commercial paper issued by the QSPE. 

During 2008, the Bancorp repurchased $686 million of commercial loans at par from the QSPE under the liquidity asset purchase agreement. Fair value adjustment charges of $3 million 

were recorded on these loans upon repurchase. As of December 31, 2008, there were no outstanding balances on the line of credit from the Bancorp to the
QSPE. 

Servicing Assets and Residual Interests 

Refer to Note 1 for the accounting policies for measuring interests in transferred financial assets that continue to be held by the Bancorp. The key economic assumptions used in measuring the initial carrying values
of the mortgage servicing assets and automobile residual interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp were as follows: 

2008

2007

Rate

 Weighted-Average
Life

(in years)

PrepaymentSpeed
Assumption

DiscountRate

Weighted-Average
Default
Rate

 Weighted-Average
Life

(in years)

PrepaymentSpeed
Assumption

DiscountRate

 Weighted-Average
Default

Rate

 Residential mortgage loans:

 Servicing assets

Fixed

5.9

19.2

%

9.7

%

N/A

6.4

12.9

%

9.6

%

N/A

 Servicing assets

Adjustable

2.7

30.8

14.5

N/A

3.4

29.4

12.9

N/A

 Automobile loans:

 Residual interests

Fixed

1.8

22.9

8.0

1.5

%

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

 Based on historical credit experience, expected credit losses for residential mortgage loan servicing assets have been deemed immaterial, as the Bancorp
sold the majority of the underlying loans without recourse. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp serviced $40.4 billion and $34.5 billion of residential mortgage loans for other investors. 

 The value of interests that
continue to be held by the Bancorp is subject to credit, prepayment and interest rate risks on the sold financial assets. At December 31, 2008, the sensitivity of a decline in the current fair value of residual cash flows to immediate 10% and
20% adverse changes in those assumptions are as follows: 

Prepayment SpeedAssumption

Residual Servicing

Cash Flows

Weighted-AverageDefault

($ in millions)

Rate

FairValue

Weighted-Average
Life (in
years)

Rate

Impact of AdverseChange on Fair
Value

DiscountRate

Impact of AdverseChange on Fair
Value

 Rate

Impact of AdverseChange on Fair Value

10%

20%

10%

20%

10%

20%

 Residential mortgage loans:

 Servicing assets

Fixed

$458

4.1

19.2

%

$30

$58

10.0

%

$14

$27

-

%

$-

$-

 Servicing assets

Adjustable

38

2.8

31.9

3

5

15.0

1

3

-

-

-

 Automobile loans:

 Residual interest

Fixed

124

2.0

25.0

3

5

11.4

3

6

1.8

3

6

 These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution, as changes in fair value based on a 10% variation in assumptions typically cannot be
extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, in the previous table, the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the interests that continue to be
held by the transferor is calculated 

without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another. For example, increases in market interest rates
may result in lower prepayments and increased credit losses, which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. The following table reflects changes in the servicing asset related to residential mortgage loans for the years ended December 31:

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Carrying amount as of the beginning of period

$662

546

 Servicing obligations that result from transfer of residential mortgage loans

196

207

 Acquisitions

1

-

 Amortization

(107)

(91)

 Carrying amount before valuation allowance

$752

662

 Valuation allowance for servicing assets:

 Beginning balance

($49)

(27)

 Servicing valuation impairment

(207)

(22)

 Ending balance

(256)

(49)

 Carrying amount as of the end of the period

$496

613

 Temporary impairment or impairment recovery, effected through a change in the MSR valuation allowance, is reported as a component of mortgage banking net
revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in value of the MSR portfolio. This strategy includes the purchase of free-standing
derivatives (principal-only swaps, swaptions and interest rate swaps) and various available-for-sale securities (primarily principal-only strips). The interest income, 

mark-to-market adjustments and gain or loss on sales activities associated with these portfolios are expected to economically hedge a portion of the change
in value of the MSR portfolio caused by fluctuating discount rates, earnings rates and prepayment speeds. 

During 2008,
the Bancorp recognized a net gain of $120 million, classified as securities gains in noninterest income, related to sales of available-for-sale securities purchased to economically hedge the MSR portfolio and a net gain of $89 million, classified

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 73

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as mortgage banking net revenue in noninterest income, related to changes in fair value and settlement of free-standing derivatives purchased to economically
hedge the MSR portfolio. During 2007, the Bancorp recognized a net gain of $6 million, classified as securities gains in noninterest income, related to sales of available-for-sale securities purchased to economically hedge the MSR portfolio and a
net gain of $23 million, classified as mortgage banking net revenue in noninterest income, related to changes in fair value and settlement of free-standing derivatives purchased to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. As of December 31, 2008
and 2007, other assets included free-standing derivative instruments related to the MSR portfolio with a fair value of $218 million and $70 million, respectively, and other liabilities included 

free-standing derivative instruments with a fair value of $77 million and $16 million, respectively. The outstanding notional amounts on the free-standing
derivative instruments related to the MSR portfolio totaled $8.5 billion and $4.3 billion as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the available-for-sale securities portfolio included $1.1 billion
and $205 million, respectively, of securities related to the non-qualifying hedging strategy. 

The fair value of the
servicing asset is based on the present value of expected future cash flows. The following table displays the beginning and ending fair value for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Fixed rate residential mortgage loans:

 Fair value at beginning of period

$565

483

 Fair value at end of period

458

565

 Adjustable rate residential mortgage loans:

 Fair value at beginning of period

50

45

 Fair value at end of period

38

50

The following table provides a summary of the total loans and leases managed by the Bancorp, including loans
securitized and loans in the unconsolidated QSPE for the years ended December 31: 

Balance

Balance of Loans 90 Days orMore Past Due

Net Credit

Losses

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2008

2007

2008

2007

 Commercial loans

$31,163

29,052

76

43

649

109

 Commercial mortgage

12,952

11,967

136

73

613

44

 Commercial construction loans

5,477

5,561

74

67

749

29

 Commercial leases

3,666

3,737

4

5

(1)

-

 Residential mortgage loans

9,946

11,454

198

187

242

43

 Home equity loans

13,025

12,162

98

74

207

99

 Automobile loans

9,183

11,183

22

13

141

86

 Other consumer loans and leases

3,006

2,749

57

32

118

54

 Total loans and leases managed and securitized (a)

$88,418

87,865

665

494

2,718

464

 Less:

 Automobile loans securitized

$589

-

 Home equity loans securitized

273

289

 Residential mortgage loans securitized

18

21

 Commercial loans sold to unconsolidated QSPE

1,943

2,973

 Loans held for sale

1,452

4,329

 Total portfolio loans and leases

$84,143

80,253

(a)

Excluding securitized assets that the Bancorp continues to service, but with which it has no other continuing involvement. 

 74

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11. DERIVATIVES 

 The Bancorp maintains an overall risk management strategy that incorporates the use of derivative instruments to reduce certain risks related to interest
rate, prepayment and foreign currency volatility. Additionally, the Bancorp holds derivative instruments for the benefit of its commercial customers. The Bancorp does not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes. 

The Bancorp’s interest rate risk management strategy involves modifying the repricing characteristics of certain financial
instruments so that changes in interest rates do not adversely affect the Bancorp’s net interest margin and cash flows. Derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate
swaps, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, forward contracts, options and swaptions. Interest rate swap contracts are exchanges of interest payments, such as fixed-rate payments for floating-rate payments, based on a common notional amount and
maturity date. Interest rate floors protect against declining rates, while interest rate caps protect against rising interest rates. Forward contracts are contracts in which the buyer agrees to purchase, and the seller agrees to make delivery of, a
specific financial instrument at a predetermined price or yield. Options provide the purchaser with the right, but not the obligation, to purchase or sell a contracted item during a specified period at an agreed upon price. Swaptions are financial
instruments granting the owner the right, but not the obligation, to enter into or cancel a swap. 

Prepayment volatility
arises mostly from changes in fair value of the largely fixed-rate MSR portfolio, mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities. The Bancorp may enter into various free-standing derivatives (principal-only swaps, swaptions, floors, options and
interest rate swaps) to economically hedge prepayment volatility. Principal-only swaps are total return swaps based on changes in the value of the underlying mortgage principal-only trust. 

Foreign currency volatility occurs as the Bancorp enters into certain loans denominated in foreign currencies. Derivative instruments
that the Bancorp may use to economically hedge these foreign denominated loans include foreign exchange swaps and forward contracts. 

The Bancorp also enters into derivative contracts (including foreign exchange contracts, commodity contracts and interest rate swaps, floors and caps) for the benefit of commercial customers. The Bancorp may
economically hedge significant exposures related to these free-standing derivatives by entering into offsetting third-party contracts with approved, reputable 

counterparties with substantially matching terms and currencies. Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their
contracts. The Bancorp’s exposure is limited to the replacement value of the contracts rather than the notional, principal or contract amounts. The Bancorp minimizes the credit risk through credit approvals, limits, counterparty collateral and
monitoring procedures. During 2008, credit downgrades to certain counterparties of customer accommodation derivative contracts negatively impacted their fair value by approximately $31 million. 

The Bancorp holds certain derivative instruments that qualify for hedge accounting treatment under SFAS No. 133 and are designated
as fair value hedges or cash flow hedges. Derivative instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment under SFAS No. 133, or for which hedge accounting is not established, are held as free-standing derivatives and provide the
Bancorp an economic hedge. All customer accommodation derivatives are held as free-standing derivatives. 

Fair Value Hedges 

The Bancorp may enter into interest rate swaps to convert its fixed-rate, long-term debt or time deposits to floating-rate. Decisions to
convert fixed-rate debt or time deposits to floating are made primarily through consideration of the asset/liability mix of the Bancorp, the desired asset/liability sensitivity and interest rate levels. For the years ended December 31, 2008 and
2007, certain interest rate swaps met the criteria required to qualify for the shortcut method of accounting. Based on this shortcut method of accounting treatment, no ineffectiveness is assumed. For interest rate swaps that do not meet the shortcut
requirements, an assessment of hedge effectiveness was performed and such swaps were accounted for using the “long-haul” method. The long-haul method requires a quarterly assessment of hedge effectiveness and measurement of
ineffectiveness. For interest rate swaps accounted for as a fair value hedge using the long-haul method, ineffectiveness is the difference between the changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap and changes in fair value of the long-term
debt attributable to the risk being hedged. The ineffectiveness on interest rate swaps hedging long-term debt or time deposits is reported within interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The following table reflects the change in fair value for interest rate contracts and the related hedged items included in the
Consolidated Statements of Income. 

For the year ended December 31, ($ in millions)

Consolidated Statements ofIncome Caption

2008

2007

 Interest rate contracts:

 Change in fair value on interest rate swaps hedging long-term debt

Interest on long-term debt

($776)

105

 Change in fair value on long-term debt - hedged item

Interest on long-term debt

765

(109)

 Change in fair value on interest rate swaps hedging time deposits

Interest on deposits

(19)

-

 Change in fair value on time deposits - hedged item

Interest on deposits

19

-

The following table reflects fair value hedges included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31:

2008

2007

($ in millions)

NotionalAmount

FairValue

NotionalAmount

FairValue

 Included in other assets:

 Interest rate swaps related to debt

$5,430

$823

3,000

67

 Forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale

-

-

183

1

 Total included in other assets

$823

68

 Included in other liabilities:

 Interest rate swaps related to debt

$ -

$ -

775

21

 Interest rate swaps related to time deposits

1,575

19

-

-

 Forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale

-

-

511

4

 Total included in other liabilities

$19

25

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 75

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Bancorp previously entered into forward contracts that met the criteria for fair value hedge accounting to hedge its residential mortgage loans held for
sale. Upon adoption of SFAS No. 159 on January 1, 2008 and the Bancorp’s election to carry residential mortgage loans held for sale at fair value, all new forward contracts held to hedge its residential mortgage loans held for sale
were held as free-standing derivative instruments. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the ineffectiveness of the hedging relationships related to residential mortgage loans held for sale was immaterial to the Bancorp’s Consolidated
Statements of Income. 

During 2006, the Bancorp terminated interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges and, in
accordance with SFAS No. 133, an amount equal to the cumulative fair value adjustment to the hedged items at the date of termination will be amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term of the long-term debt. For the
years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, $6 million and $11 million in net deferred losses, net of tax, on the terminated fair value hedges were amortized into interest expense, respectively. 

Cash Flow Hedges 

The Bancorp
may enter into interest rate swaps to convert floating-rate assets and liabilities to fixed rates or to hedge certain forecasted transactions. The assets or liabilities are typically grouped and share the same risk exposure for which they are being
hedged. The Bancorp may also enter into interest rate caps and floors to limit cash flow variability of floating rate assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2008, all hedges designated as cash flow hedges are assessed for effectiveness
using regression analysis. Ineffectiveness is generally measured as the amount by 

which the cumulative change in the fair value of the hedging instrument exceeds the present value of the cumulative change in the hedged item’s expected
cash flows. Ineffectiveness is reported within other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The
effective portion of the gains or losses on derivative contracts are reported within accumulated other comprehensive income and are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to current period earnings when the forecasted transaction
affects earnings. Reclassified gains and losses on interest rate floors related to commercial loans and interest rate caps related to debt are recorded within interest income and interest expense, respectively. As of December 31, 2008, $88
million of net deferred gains on cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2008, $47 million in net deferred gains, net of tax, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income are expected to
be reclassified into earnings during the next twelve months. 

The following table presents the net gains (losses) recorded
in the Consolidated Statements of Income and accumulated other comprehensive income relating to cash flow derivative instruments. Included in the ineffectiveness for the year ended December 31, 2007 are certain terminated interest rate swaps
previously designated as cash flow hedges. In conjunction with this termination, the Bancorp reclassified $22 million of losses into earnings as it was determined that the original forecasted transaction was no longer probable of occurring by the
end of the originally specified time period or within the additional period of time as defined in SFAS No. 133. 

 For the year ended December 31:

($ in millions)

Amount of gain(loss)

recognized
in OCI

Amount of gain (loss)reclassified from OCI into net
interest income

Amount of ineffectivenessrecognized in other

noninterest income

2008

2007

2006

2008

2007

2006

2008

2007

2006

 Interest rate contracts

$100

42

-

3    

1    

(20)    

1    

(21)    

-    

The following table reflects cash flow hedges included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31:

2008

2007

($ in millions)

NotionalAmount

FairValue

NotionalAmount

FairValue

 Included in other assets:

 Interest rate floors related to commercial loans

$1,500

$216

1,500

107

 Interest rate caps related to debt

1,750

1

1,750

11

 Total included in other assets

$217

118

 Included in other liabilities:

 Interest rate swaps related to commercial loans

$3,000

$22

1,000

11

 Total included in other liabilities

$22

11

 Free-Standing Derivative Instruments – Risk Management 

The Bancorp enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge certain foreign denominated loans. Derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use to economically hedge these foreign denominated
loans include foreign exchange swaps and forward contracts. The Bancorp does not designate these instruments against the foreign denominated loans, and therefore, does not obtain hedge accounting treatment. Revaluation gains and losses on such
foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded within other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income, as are revaluation gains and losses on foreign denominated loans. 

As part of its overall risk management strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity, the Bancorp may enter into various
free-standing derivatives (principal-only swaps, swaptions, floors, options and interest rate swaps) to economically hedge changes in fair value of its largely fixed-rate MSR portfolio. Principal-only swaps hedge the mortgage-LIBOR spread because
these swaps appreciate in value as a result of tightening spreads. Principal-only swaps also provide prepayment protection by increasing in value 

when prepayment speeds increase, as opposed to MSRs that lose value in a faster prepayment environment. Receive fixed/pay floating interest rate swaps and
swaptions increase in value when interest rates do not increase as quickly as expected. The Bancorp enters into forward contracts to economically hedge the change in fair value of certain residential mortgage loans held for sale due to changes in
interest rates. The Bancorp may also enter into forward swaps to economically hedge the change in fair value of certain commercial mortgage loans held for sale due to changes in interest rates. Interest rate lock commitments issued on residential
mortgage loan commitments that will be held for resale are also considered free-standing derivative instruments and the interest rate exposure on these commitments is economically hedged primarily with forward contracts. Revaluation gains and losses
from free-standing derivatives related to mortgage banking activity are recorded as a component of mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Additionally, the Bancorp occasionally may enter into free-standing derivative instruments (options, swaptions and interest rate swaps) in order to minimize significant fluctuations in

 76

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

earnings and cash flows caused by interest rate volatility. The gains and losses on these derivative contracts are recorded within other noninterest income
in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 The net gains (losses) recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income relating to free-standing derivative instruments used for risk management are summarized below: 

For the year ended December 31, ($ in millions)

Consolidated Statements ofIncome Caption

2008

2007

2006

 Interest rate contracts:

 Forward contracts related to commercial mortgage loans held for sale

Corporate banking revenue

($8)

(6)

-

 Forward contracts related residential mortgage loans held for sale

Mortgage banking net revenue

(17)

(8)

7

 Derivative instruments related to MSR portfolio

Mortgage banking net revenue

89

23

(9)

 Derivative instruments related to interest rate risk

Other noninterest income

1

(1)

(20)

 Foreign exchange contracts:

 Foreign exchange contracts

Other noninterest income

29

(19)

3

The following table reflects the notional amount and market value of free-standing derivatives used
for risk management included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 

2008

2007

($ in millions)

NotionalAmount

FairValue

NotionalAmount

FairValue

 Interest rate contracts included in other assets:

 Derivative instruments related to MSR portfolio

$6,028

$218

3,062

70

 Derivative instruments related to held for sale mortgage loans

1,830

6

229

1

 Derivative instruments related to interest rate risk

446

5

1

-

 Foreign exchange contracts included in other assets:

 Foreign exchange contracts

40

1

-

-

 Total included in other assets

$230

71

 Interest rate contracts included in other liabilities:

 Derivative instruments related to MSR portfolio

$2,505

$77

1,280

16

 Derivative instruments related to held for sale mortgage loans

3,987

42

588

9

 Derivative instruments related to interest rate risk

440

4

-

-

 Foreign exchange contracts included in other liabilities:

 Foreign exchange contracts

136

2

153

1

 Total included in other liabilities

$125

26

 Free-Standing Derivative Instruments – Customer Accommodation 

The majority of the free-standing derivative instruments the Bancorp enters into are for the benefit of commercial customers. These derivative contracts are not designated against specific assets
or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or to forecasted transactions and, therefore, do not qualify for hedge accounting. These instruments include foreign exchange derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of commercial customers
involved in international trade to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, commodity contracts to hedge such items as natural gas and various other derivative contracts. The Bancorp may economically hedge significant exposures related
to these derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of customers by entering into offsetting contracts with approved, reputable, independent counterparties with substantially matching terms. The Bancorp hedges its interest rate exposure on
commercial customer transactions by executing offsetting swap agreements with primary dealers. Revaluation gains and losses on foreign exchange, commodity and other commercial customer derivative contracts are recorded as a component of corporate
banking revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The Bancorp enters into risk participation agreements, under
which the Bancorp assumes credit exposure relating to certain underlying interest rate derivative contracts. The Bancorp only enters into these risk participation agreements in instances in which the Bancorp has participated in the loan that the
underlying interest rate derivative contract was designed to hedge. The Bancorp will make payments under these agreements if a customer defaults on its obligation to perform under the terms of the underlying interest rate derivative contract. As of
December 31, 

2008, the total notional amount was approximately $1.0 billion and the fair value was a liability of $2 million, which is included in interest rate contracts
for customers. The Bancorp’s maximum exposure in the risk participation agreements is contingent on the fair value of the underlying interest rate derivative contracts in an asset position at the time of default. The Bancorp monitors the credit
risk associated with the underlying customers in the risk participation agreements through the same risk grading system currently utilized for establishing loss reserves in its loan and lease portfolio. Under this risk rating system as of
December 31, 2008, approximately $959 million in notional amount of the risk participation agreements were classified average or better; approximately $42 million were classified as watch-list or special mention; and approximately $16 million
were classified as substandard. As of December 31, 2008, the risk participation agreements had an average life of approximately 3.3 years. 

The Bancorp previously offered its customers an equity-linked certificate of deposit that had a return linked to equity indices. Under SFAS No. 133, a certificate of deposit that pays interest based on changes on
an equity index is a hybrid instrument that requires separation into a host contract (the certificate of deposit) and an embedded derivative contract (written equity call option). The Bancorp entered into an offsetting derivative contract to
economically hedge the exposure taken through the issuance of equity-linked certificates of deposit. Both the embedded derivative and derivative contract entered into by the Bancorp were recorded as free-standing derivatives and recorded at fair
value with offsetting gains and losses recognized within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 77

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table reflects the fair value of all free-standing derivatives included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31: 

2008

2007

($ in millions)

NotionalAmount

FairValue

NotionalAmount

FairValue

 Interest rate contracts included in other assets:

 Interest rate contracts for customers

$15,425

$1,228

12,265

391

 Interest rate lock commitments

3,120

24

656

3

 Commodity contracts included in other assets:

 Commodity contracts for customers

485

167

167

28

 Foreign exchange contracts included in other assets:

 Foreign exchange contracts for customers

6,807

534

7,132

255

 Equity contracts included in other assets:

 Derivative instruments related to equity-linked CD

57

2

50

5

 Total included in other assets

$1,955

682

 Interest rate contracts included in other liabilities:

 Interest rate contracts for customers

$16,306

$1,257

12,430

391

 Interest rate lock commitments

672

2

253

1

 Commodity contracts included in other liabilities:

 Commodity contracts for customers

464

156

163

22

 Foreign exchange contracts included in other liabilities:

 Foreign exchange contracts for customers

6,360

478

6,642

234

 Equity contracts included in other liabilities:

 Derivative instruments related to equity-linked CD

57

2

50

5

 Total included in other liabilities

$1,895

653

 The net gains (losses) recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income relating to free-standing derivative instruments for the years ended
December 31 are summarized in the table below. For the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp 

recorded $5 million in losses related to derivative counterparty default. As of December 31, 2008, derivative contracts for customers in a gain position
reflect fair value with a credit related mark of $37 million. 

For the year ended December 31, ($ in millions

Consolidated Statements ofIncome Caption

2008

2007

2006

 Interest rate contracts:

 Interest rate lock commitments

Mortgage banking net revenue

$54

3

(2)

 Commodity contracts:

 Commodity contracts for customers

Corporate banking revenue

7

2

-

 Foreign exchange contracts:

 Foreign exchange contracts for customers

Corporate banking revenue

106

60

53

 78

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

12. OTHER ASSETS 

The following table provides the components of other assets
included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Derivative instruments

$3,225

$939

 Bank owned life insurance

1,777

1,832

 Accounts receivable and drafts-in-process

1,188

1,892

 Partnership investments

1,121

958

 Deposit with IRS

1,007

386

 Income tax receivable

488

-

 Accrued interest receivable

478

564

 Deferred tax asset

301

-

 Other real estate owned

231

159

 Prepaid pension and other expenses

84

116

 Other

212

177

 Total

$10,112

$7,023

 The Bancorp purchases life insurance policies on the lives of certain directors, officers and employees and is the owner and beneficiary of the policies.
The Bancorp invests in these policies, known as BOLI, to provide an efficient form of funding for long-term retirement and other employee benefits costs. Therefore, the Bancorp’s BOLI policies are intended to be long-term investments to provide
funding for future payment of long-term liabilities. The Bancorp records these BOLI policies within other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at each policy’s respective cash surrender value, with changes recorded in other noninterest
income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Certain BOLI policies have a stable value agreement through either a
large, well-rated bank or multi-national insurance carrier that provides limited cash surrender value protection from declines in the value of each policy’s underlying investments. During 2008, the value of the investments underlying one of the
Bancorp’s BOLI policies continued to decline due to disruptions in the credit markets, widening of credit spreads between U.S. treasuries/swaps versus municipal bonds and bank trust preferred securities, and illiquidity in the asset-backed
securities market. These factors caused the decline in the cash surrender value to exceed the protection provided by the stable value agreement. 

As a result of exceeding the cash surrender value protection, the Bancorp recorded charges totaling $215 million and $177 million during 2008 and 2007, respectively, to reflect declines in the cash surrender value
related to this policy. The cash surrender value of this BOLI policy was $291 million at December 31, 2008. In 2009, the cash surrender value of this policy may increase or decrease further depending on market conditions related to the
underlying investments. At December 31, 2008, the cash surrender value protection had not been exceeded for any other BOLI policy. 

 Fifth Third Community
Development Corporation (CDC), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, was created to invest in Low Income Housing, Historic Rehabilitation, and New Market Tax Credit projects that support community revitalization and the creation of affordable
housing. CDC generally co-invests with other unrelated companies and/or individuals. CDC typically makes investments in a separate legal entity that owns the property under development. The entities are usually limited partnerships, and CDC serves
as a limited partner. The developers are the general partners that oversee the day-to-day operations of the entity. Pursuant to FIN 46(R), the Bancorp has determined that these entities are Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) and that the
Bancorp’s investments represent variable interests. The Bancorp has also determined it is not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs because the general partners are more closely associated to the VIEs and will absorb the majority of the
VIEs’ expected losses. Therefore the Bancorp accounts for these investments using the equity method. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, these investments, including unfunded commitments, are recorded in partnership investments and had carrying
amounts of $1.0 billion and $871 million, respectively. Also at December 31, 2008 and 2007, the unfunded commitments related to these VIEs were included in other liabilities and were $302 million and $307 million, respectively. The
Bancorp’s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with the VIEs is limited to the carrying amounts of the investments. 

At December 31, 2008, other assets included a deposit of approximately $1 billion with the IRS pertaining to Internal Revenue Code section 6603 for taxes associated with the leveraged lease portfolio. This
deposit enables the Bancorp to stop the accrual of interest, to the extent of the deposits, if the Bancorp is not ultimately successful in its legal dispute. Refer to Note 22 for further information. 

13. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS 

 Borrowings with original maturities of one year or less are classified as short term. Federal funds purchased are excess balances in reserve accounts held
at Federal Reserve Banks that the Bancorp purchased from other member banks on an overnight basis. Bank notes are promissory notes issued by the Bancorp’s subsidiary banks. Other short-term borrowings include securities sold under repurchase
agreements, FHLB advances and other borrowings with original maturities of one year or less. In 

2008, there was a reduction in the overnight federal funds purchased year-end balance due to the receipt of $3.4 billion in equity funding on
December 31, 2008 under the CPP and an increase in other short-term borrowings primarily through the purchase of term funding through FHLB advances and Term Auction Facility Funds. A summary of short-term borrowings and weighted-average rates
follows: 

2008

2007

2006

($ in millions)

Amount

Rate

Amount

Rate

Amount

Rate

 As of December 31:

 Federal funds purchased

$287

.18

%

$4,427

3.29

%

$1,421

5.26

%

 Other short-term borrowings

9,959

1.42

4,747

3.90

2,796

4.04

 Average for the years ended December 31:

 Federal funds purchased

$2,975

2.34

%

$3,646

5.04

%

$4,148

5.02

%

 Other short-term borrowings

7,785

2.29

3,244

4.32

4,522

4.28

 Maximum month-end balance:

 Federal funds purchased

$6,233

$5,130

$5,434

 Other short-term borrowings

13,864

5,381

6,287

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 79

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

14. LONG-TERM DEBT 

A summary of long-term borrowings at December 31: 

($ in millions)

Maturity

Interest Rate

2008

2007

 Parent Company

 Senior:

 Fixed-rate bank notes

2013

6.25%

$801

-

 Extendable notes

2009

0.49%

31

1,745

 Subordinated(b):

 Floating-rate notes

2016

1.95%

250

250

 Fixed-rate notes

2017

5.45%

588

510

 Fixed-rate notes

2018

4.50%

572

485

 Fixed-rate notes

2038

8.25%

1,326

-

 Junior subordinated (a):

 Fixed-rate notes (c)

2067

7.25%

942

876

 Fixed-rate notes (c)

2067

6.50%

750

750

 Fixed-rate notes (c)

2067

7.25%

639

601

 Fixed-rate notes (c)

2068

8.875%

427

-

 Subsidiaries

 Senior:

 Fixed-rate bank notes

2009 -2019

2.87%-5.20%

1,137

1,640

 Floating-rate bank notes

2013

2.26%

500

500

 Extendable bank notes

2009

0.22%-3.60%

1,197

1,200

 Subordinated(b):

 Fixed-rate bank notes

2015

4.75%

573

513

 Junior subordinated(a):

 Floating-rate bank notes

2032 -2033

4.72%-6.97%

52

52

 Floating-rate debentures

2033 -2034

4.36%-4.66%

67

67

 Floating-rate debentures

2035

3.42%-3.69%

49

-

 Federal Home Loan Bank advances

2009 -2037

0%- 8.34%

3,565

3,571

 Other

2009 -2032

Varies

119

97

 Total

$13,585

12,857

(a)

Qualify as Tier I capital for regulatory capital purposes. 

(b)

Qualify as Tier II capital for regulatory capital purposes. 

(c)

Future periods of debt are floating. 

 The Bancorp pays down long-term
debt in accordance with contractual terms over maturity periods summarized in the above table. Contractually obligated payments for long-term debt are due over the following periods as of December 31, 2008: $2.8 billion in 2009; $843 million in
2010, $16 million in 2011, $1.0 billion in 2012, $1.3 billion in 2013 and $7.6 billion after 2013. At December 31, 2008 the Bancorp had an outstanding principal balance of $12.8 billion, discounts and premiums of negative $16 million and a
mark-to-market adjustment on its hedged debt of $813 million. At December 31, 2007, the Bancorp had an outstanding principal balance of $12.8 billion, discounts and premiums of negative $1 million and a mark-to-market adjustment on its hedged
debt of $44 million. 

Parent Company Long-Term Borrowings 

In April 2008, the Bancorp issued $750 million of senior notes to third party investors. The senior notes bear a fixed rate of interest of 6.25% per annum. The Bancorp entered into
floating-rate swaps to convert $675 million to floating rate and, at December 31, 2008, paid a rate of 5.32%. The notes are unsecured, senior obligations of the Bancorp. Payment of the full principal amount of the notes will be due upon
maturity on May 1, 2013. The notes will not be subject to redemption at the Bancorp’s option at any time prior to maturity. 

The $31 million in senior extendable notes currently pay interest at one-month LIBOR plus 1 bp and the final maturity of these notes is April 23, 2009. During the third quarter of 2008, $1.7 billion of the
extendable notes matured and were paid. 

The subordinated floating-rate notes due in 2016 pay interest at three-month
LIBOR plus 42 bp. In February 2008, the Bancorp issued $1.0 billion of 8.25% subordinated notes, of which $705 million were subsequently hedged to floating and paid a rate of 6.11% at December 31, 2008. The Bancorp has entered into interest
rate swaps to convert its subordinated fixed-rate notes due in 2017 and 2018 to floating-rate. The rate paid on these swaps was 2.71% and 3.08%, respectively, at December 31, 2008. 

 The 7.25% junior subordinated
notes due in 2067, with a current carrying amount of $942 million and an outstanding principal balance of $863 million at December 31, 2008, pay a fixed rate of 7.25% until 2057, then convert to floating at three-month LIBOR plus 303 bp. The
Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert $700 million of the fixed-rate debt into floating. At December 31, 2008, the weighted-average rate paid on the swaps was 3.83%. The 6.50% junior subordinated notes due in 2067 pay a fixed rate
of 6.50% until 2017, then convert to floating at three-month LIBOR plus 137 bp until 2047. Thereafter, the notes pay a floating rate at one-month LIBOR plus 237 bp. The junior subordinated notes due in 2067, with a current carrying amount of $639
million and an outstanding principal balance of $575 million at December 31, 2008, pay a fixed rate of 7.25% until 2057, then convert to floating at three-month LIBOR plus 257 bp. The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert $500
million of the fixed-rate debt into floating. At December 31, 2008, the weighted-average rate paid on these swaps was 3.40%. The obligations were issued to Fifth Third Capital Trusts VI, IV and V, respectively. The Bancorp has fully and
unconditionally guaranteed all obligations under these trust preferred securities. In addition, the Bancorp entered into replacement capital covenants for the benefit of holders of long-term debt senior to the junior subordinated notes that limits,
subject to certain restrictions, the Bancorp’s ability to redeem the junior subordinated notes prior to their scheduled maturity. 

In May 2008, Fifth Third Capital Trust VII (Trust VII), a wholly-owned non-consolidated subsidiary of the Bancorp, issued $400 million of Tier 1-qualifying trust preferred securities to third party investors and
invested these proceeds in junior subordinated notes (JSN VII) issued by the Bancorp. The Bancorp’s obligations under the transaction documents, taken together, have the effect of providing a full and unconditional guarantee by the Bancorp, on
a subordinated basis, of the payment obligations of the Trust VII. No other subsidiaries of the Bancorp are guarantors of the JSN VII. The JSN VII will mature on May 15, 2068. The JSN 

 80

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

VII held by the Trust VII bear a fixed rate of interest of 8.875% until May 15, 2058. Thereafter, the notes pay a floating rate at three-month LIBOR
plus 500 bp. The Bancorp entered into an interest rate swap to convert $275 million of the fixed-rate debt into floating. At December 31, 2008, the rate paid on the swap was 6.05%. The JSN VII may be redeemed at the option of the Bancorp on or
after May 15, 2013, or in certain other limited circumstances, at a redemption price of 100% of the principal amount plus accrued but unpaid interest. All redemptions are subject to certain conditions and generally require approval by the
Federal Reserve Board. 

Subsidiary Long-Term Borrowings 

The senior fixed-rate bank notes due from 2009 to 2019 are the obligations of a subsidiary bank. The maturities of the face value of the senior fixed-rate bank notes are as follows: $36 million
in 2009, $800 million in 2010 and $275 million in 2019. The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert $1.1 billion of the fixed-rate debt into floating rates. At December 31, 2008, the rates paid on these swaps were 2.19% on $800
million and 2.20% on $275 million. In August 2008, $500 million of senior fixed-rate bank notes issued in July of 2003 matured and were paid. These long-term bank notes were issued to third-party investors at a fixed rate of 3.375%. 

The senior floating-rate bank notes due in 2013 are the obligations of a subsidiary bank. The notes pay a floating rate at three-month
LIBOR plus 11 bp. 

The senior extendable notes consist of $797 million that currently pay interest at three-month LIBOR
plus 4 bp and $400 million that pay at the Federal Funds open rate plus 12 bp. 

The subordinated fixed-rate bank notes due
in 2015 are the obligations of a subsidiary bank. The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed-rate debt into floating rate. At December 31, 2008, the weighted-average rate paid on the swaps was 3.29%. 

The junior subordinated floating-rate bank notes due in 2032 

and 2033 were assumed by a Bancorp subsidiary as part of the acquisition of Crown in November 2007. Two of the notes pay floating at three-month LIBOR plus
310 and 325 bp. The third note pays floating at six-month LIBOR plus 370 bp. 

The three-month LIBOR plus 290 bp and the
three-month LIBOR plus 279 bp junior subordinated debentures due in 2033 and 2034, respectively, were assumed by a subsidiary of the Bancorp in connection with the acquisition of First National Bank. The obligations were issued to FNB Statutory
Trusts I and II, respectively. 

The junior subordinated floating-rate bank notes due in 2035 were assumed by a Bancorp
subsidiary as part of the acquisition of First Charter in May 2008. The obligations were issued to First Charter Capital Trust I and II, respectively. The notes of First Charter Capital Trust I and II pay floating at three-month LIBOR plus 169 bp
and 142 bp, respectively. The Bancorp has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all obligations under the acquired trust preferred securities. 

At December 31, 2008, FHLB advances have rates ranging from 0% to 8.34%, with interest payable monthly. The advances are secured by certain residential mortgage loans and securities totaling $8.6 billion. At
December 31, 2008, $2.5 billion of FHLB advances are floating rate. The Bancorp has interest rate caps, with a notional of $1.5 billion, held against its FHLB advance borrowings. The $3.6 billion in advances mature as follows: $1.5 billion in
2009, $1 million in 2010, $2 million in 2011, $1 billion in 2012 and $1.1 billion in 2013 and thereafter. 

Medium-term
senior notes and subordinated bank notes with maturities ranging from one year to 30 years can be issued by two subsidiary banks, of which $3.8 billion was outstanding at December 31, 2008 with $16.2 billion available for future issuance. There
were no other medium-term senior notes outstanding on either of the two subsidiary banks as of December 31, 2008. 

15. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND GUARANTEES 

 The Bancorp, in the normal course of business, enters into financial instruments and various agreements to meet the financing needs of its customers. The
Bancorp also enters into certain transactions and agreements to manage its interest rate and prepayment risks, provide funding, equipment and locations for its operations and invest in its communities. These instruments and agreements involve, to
varying degrees, elements of credit risk, counterparty risk and market risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Creditworthiness for all instruments and agreements is evaluated on a case-by-case
basis in accordance with the Bancorp’s credit policies. The Bancorp’s significant commitments, contingent liabilities and guarantees in excess of the amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are summarized as follows:

Commitments 

The
Bancorp has certain commitments to make future payments under contracts. A summary of significant commitments at December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Commitments to extend credit

$49,470

49,788

 Letters of credit (including standby letters of credit)

8,951

8,522

 Forward contracts to sell mortgage loans

3,235

1,511

 Noncancelable lease obligations

937

734

 Purchase obligations

81

52

 Capital expenditures

68

94

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend, typically having fixed
expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments to extend credit may expire without being 

drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash flow requirements. The Bancorp is exposed to credit risk in the event of
nonperformance for the amount of the contract. Fixed-rate commitments are also subject to market risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates and the Bancorp’s exposure is limited to the replacement value of those commitments. As of
December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp had a reserve for unfunded commitments totaling $195 million and $95 million, respectively, included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

    Standby and commercial letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third
party. At December 31, 2008, approximately $3.3 billion of letters of credit expire within one year (including $57 million issued on behalf of commercial customers to facilitate trade payments in dollars and foreign currencies), $5.3 billion
expire between one to five years and $0.4 billion expire thereafter. Standby letters of credit are considered guarantees in accordance with FASB Interpretation No. 45, “Guarantor’s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for
Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others” (FIN 45). At December 31, 2008, the reserve related to these standby letters of credit was $3 million. Approximately 66% and 70% of the total standby letters of credit
were secured as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. In the event of nonperformance by the customers, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral, which can include commercial real estate, physical plant and property, inventory,
receivables, cash and marketable securities. The Bancorp monitors the credit risk associated with the standby letters of credit using the same dual risk rating system utilized for 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 81

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

estimating probabilities of default within its loan and lease portfolio. Under this risk rating as of December 31, 2008, approximately $7.4 billion of
the standby letters of credit were classified as average or better; approximately $1.2 billion were classified as watch-list or special mention; and approximately $300 million were classified as substandard. 

At December 31, 2008, the Bancorp had outstanding letters of credit that were supporting certain securities issued as VRDNs. The
Bancorp facilitates financing for its commercial customers, which consist of companies and municipalities, by marketing the VRDNs to investors. The VRDNs pay interest to holders at a rate of interest that fluctuates based upon market demand. The
VRDNs generally have long-term maturity dates, but can be tendered by the holder for purchase at par value upon proper advance notice. When the VRDNs are tendered, a remarketing agent generally finds another investor to purchase the VRDNs to keep
the securities outstanding in the market. FTS acts as the remarketing agent to issuers on approximately $4.2 billion of VRDNs at December 31, 2008. As remarketing agent, FTS is responsible for finding purchasers for VRDNs that are put by
investors. The Bancorp issues letters of credit, as a credit enhancement, to the VRDNs remarketed by FTS, in addition to approximately $2.0 billion in VRDNs remarketed by third parties at December 31, 2008. These letters of credit are included
in the total letters of credit balance provided in the previous table. At December 31, 2008, FTS held $388 million of these securities in its portfolio and classified them as trading securities. The Bancorp purchased $756 million of the VRDNs
from the market, through FTS, and held them in its trading securities portfolio at December 31, 2008. For the VRDNs remarketed by third parties, in some cases, the remarketing agent has failed to remarket the securities and has instructed the
indenture trustee to draw upon approximately $173 million of letters of credit issued by the Bancorp. The Bancorp recorded these draws as commercial loans in its Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2008. 

The Bancorp enters into forward contracts to economically hedge the change in fair value of certain residential mortgage loans held for
sale due to changes in interest rates. The outstanding notional amounts of these forward contracts were $3.2 billion, and $1.5 billion as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

The Bancorp’s subsidiaries have entered into a number of noncancelable lease agreements. The minimum rental commitments under
noncancelable lease agreements are shown in the previous table. The Bancorp or its subsidiaries have also entered into a limited number of agreements for work related to banking center construction and to purchase goods or services. 

Contingent Liabilities 

The Bancorp, through its electronic payment processing division, processes VISA®
 and MasterCard
®
 merchant card transactions. Pursuant to VISA
®
 and MasterCard
®
 rules, the Bancorp assumes certain
contingent liabilities relating to these transactions which typically arise from billing disputes between the merchant and cardholder that are ultimately resolved in the cardholder’s favor. In such cases, these transactions are
“charged-back” to the merchant and disputed amounts are refunded to the cardholder. If the Bancorp is unable to collect these amounts from the merchant, it will bear the loss for refunded amounts. The likelihood of incurring a contingent
liability arising from chargebacks is relatively low, as most products or services are delivered when purchased and credits are issued on returned items. For the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp processed approximately $133
million and $126 million, respectively, of chargebacks presented by issuing banks, resulting in no material losses to the Bancorp. The Bancorp accrues for probable losses based on historical experience and did not carry a credit loss reserve related
to such chargebacks at December 31, 2008 and 2007. 

 For certain mortgage loans originated by the Bancorp, borrowers may be required to obtain Private Mortgage Insurance (PMI) provided by third-party insurers. In some instances these PMI insurers
cede a portion of the PMI premiums to the Bancorp, and the Bancorp provides reinsurance coverage within a specified range of the total PMI coverage. The Bancorp’s reinsurance coverage typically ranges from 5% to 10% of the total PMI coverage.
The Bancorp’s maximum exposure in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the Bancorp’s total outstanding reinsurance coverage, which was $170 million at December 31, 2008. As of December 31,
2008, the Bancorp maintained a reserve of approximately $13 million related to exposures within the reinsurance portfolio. No reserve was deemed necessary as of December 31, 2007. 

There are legal claims pending against the Bancorp and its subsidiaries that have arisen in the normal course of business. See Note 16
for additional information regarding these proceedings. 

Guarantees 

The Bancorp has performance obligations upon the occurrence of certain events under financial guarantees provided in certain contractual arrangements. 

Through December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp had transferred, subject to credit recourse, certain primarily floating-rate,
short-term, investment grade commercial loans to an unconsolidated QSPE that is wholly owned by an independent third-party. The outstanding balance of these loans at December 31, 2008 and 2007 was $1.9 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively.
These loans may be transferred back to the Bancorp upon the occurrence of certain specified events. These events include borrower default on the loans transferred, bankruptcy preferences initiated against underlying borrowers, ineligible loans
transferred by the Bancorp to the QSPE, and the inability of the QSPE to issue commercial paper. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is approximately equivalent to the total outstanding
balance. 

The QSPE issues commercial paper and uses the proceeds to fund the acquisition of commercial loans transferred
to it by the Bancorp. The ability of the QSPE to issue commercial paper is a function of general market conditions and the credit rating of the liquidity provider. In the event the QSPE is unable to issue commercial paper, the Bancorp has agreed to
provide liquidity support to the QSPE in the form of purchases of commercial paper, a line of credit to the QSPE and the repurchase of assets from the QSPE. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the liquidity asset purchase agreement was $2.8
billion and $5.0 billion, respectively. During 2008, dislocation in the short-term funding market caused the QSPE difficulty in obtaining sufficient funding through the issuance of commercial paper. As a result, the Bancorp provided liquidity
support to the QSPE during 2008 through purchases of commercial paper, a line of credit to the QSPE, and the repurchase of assets from the QSPE under the liquidity asset purchase agreement. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp held
approximately $143 million of asset-backed commercial paper issued by the QSPE, representing 7% of the total commercial paper issued by the QSPE. 

During 2008, the Bancorp repurchased $686 million of commercial loans at par from the QSPE under the liquidity asset purchase agreement. Fair value adjustment charges of $3 million were recorded on these loans upon
repurchase. As of December 31, 2008, there were no outstanding balances on the line of credit from the Bancorp to the QSPE. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp’s loss reserve related to the liquidity support and credit
enhancement provided to the QSPE was $37 million and $18 million, respectively, and was recorded in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach that is consistent with its
overall approach in estimating credit losses for various categories 

 82

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of commercial loans held in its loan portfolio. For further information on the QSPE, see Note 10. 

At December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp had provided credit recourse on residential mortgage loans sold to unrelated third
parties of approximately $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. In the event of any customer default, pursuant to the credit recourse provided, the Bancorp is required to reimburse the third party. The maximum amount of credit risk in the
event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the total outstanding balance. For further information on the residential mortgage loans sold with credit recourse, see Note 10. 

FTS, a subsidiary of the Bancorp, guarantees the collection of all margin account balances held by its brokerage clearing agent for the
benefit of FTS customers. FTS is responsible for payment to its brokerage clearing agent for any loss, liability, damage, cost or expense incurred as a result of customers failing to comply with margin or margin maintenance calls on all margin
accounts. The margin account balance held by the brokerage clearing agent as of December 31, 2008 was $10 million compared to $48 million as of December 31, 2007. In the event of any customer default, FTS has rights to the underlying
collateral provided. Given the existence of the underlying collateral provided and negligible historical credit losses, the Bancorp does not maintain a loss reserve related to the margin accounts. 

As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, the Bancorp had fully and unconditionally guaranteed certain long-term borrowing obligations
issued by four wholly-owned issuing trust entities of $2.8 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively. For further information on long-term borrowing obligations, see Note 14. 

The Bancorp, as a member bank of Visa prior to Visa’s 

completion of their initial public offering (IPO) on March 19, 2008, had certain indemnification obligations pursuant to Visa’s certificate of
incorporation and bylaws and in accordance with their membership agreements. In accordance with Visa’s by-laws prior to the IPO, the Bancorp could have been required to indemnify Visa for the Bancorp’s proportional share of losses based on
the pre-IPO membership interests. In contemplation of the IPO, Visa announced that it had completed restructuring transactions during the fourth quarter of 2007. As part of this restructuring, the Bancorp’s indemnification obligation was
modified to include only certain known litigation as of the date of the restructuring. This modification triggered a requirement to recognize the fair value of the indemnification obligation in accordance with FIN 45, “Guarantor’s
Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others.” Accordingly, the Bancorp recorded an indemnification liability under FIN 45 of $3 million in 2007. Additionally, during 2007, the
Bancorp recorded $169 million for its share of litigation formally settled by Visa and for probable future litigation settlements, resulting in a Visa litigation reserve of $172 million as of December 31, 2007. These amounts were accrued under
SFAS No. 5, “Accounting for Contingencies.” During 2008, the Bancorp recorded additional reserves of $71 million for probable future litigation settlements. In connection with the IPO in 2008, Visa retained a portion of the proceeds
to fund an escrow account in order to resolve existing litigation settlements as well as fund potential future litigation settlements. As of December 31, 2008, the Bancorp has recorded its proportional share of $169 million of the Visa escrow
account net against the current Visa litigation reserve of $243 million. 

16. LEGAL AND REGULATORY PROCEEDINGS 

 In May of 2005, the Bancorp
filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio against the IRS seeking a refund of taxes paid as a result of the audit of the 1997 tax year. This suit involves a determination of the correct tax treatment of certain
leveraged leases entered into by the Bancorp. The outcome of this litigation will likely impact a number of leveraged leases entered into during 1997 through 2004. At the conclusion of a jury trial, the jury rendered a verdict in the form of answers
to interrogatories, some of which favored the Bancorp and some of which favored the IRS. No judgment has been entered by the court in the case and the parties dispute the judgment that should be entered in light of the jury’s responses to the
interrogatories. During the second quarter of 2008, the Bancorp increased its liability for uncertain tax reserves relating to these leases based upon several factors, including the jury’s verdict in the Bancorp’s case, and two other court
cases involving leveraged leasing. In December of 2008, the Bancorp entered into a Stipulated Conditional Dismissal. This Conditional Order of Dismissal, without prejudice and with leave, allows the Bancorp to enter into settlement discussions with
the U.S. Department of Justice under the Settlement Initiatives offered by the IRS. The Stipulated Conditional Dismissal is effective until June of 2009. In the event the case is not settled prior to June 2009, either party may reinstate the case.
The ultimate outcome of settlement discussion is uncertain. The Bancorp continues to believe that its tax treatment was proper under the tax law, as it existed at the time the tax benefits were reported. 

During April 2006, the Bancorp was added as a defendant in a consolidated
antitrust class action lawsuit originally filed against Visa®
, MasterCard
®
 and several other major financial institutions in the
United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. The plaintiffs, merchants operating commercial businesses throughout the U.S. and trade associations, claim that the interchange fees charged by card-issuing banks are unreasonable
and seek injunctive relief and unspecified damages. In addition to being a named defendant, the Bancorp is also 

subject to an indemnification obligation of Visa as discussed in Note 15. Accordingly, in the third and fourth quarters of 2007, the Bancorp recorded a
contingent liability included in the $172 million litigation reserve. During 2008, the Bancorp recorded additional reserves of $71 million for probable future litigation settlements. In connection with Visa’s IPO, Visa retained a portion of the
proceeds to fund an escrow account in order to resolve existing litigation settlements as well as fund potential future litigation settlements. As of December 31, 2008 the Bancorp has recorded its proportional share of $169 million of the Visa
escrow accounts net against the current Visa litigation reserve of $243 million to account for its potential exposure in this and related litigation. This antitrust litigation is still in the pre-trial phase. 

Several putative class action complaints have been filed against the Bancorp in various federal and state courts. The federal cases were
consolidated by the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation and are now known as “In Re TJX Security Breach Litigation.” The state court actions have been removed to federal court and have been consolidated into that same case. The
complaints relate to the alleged intrusion of The TJX Companies, Inc.’s (TJX) computer system and the potential theft of their customers’ non-public information and alleged violations of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Some of the complaints
were filed by consumers and seek unquantified damages on behalf of putative classes of persons who transacted business at any one of TJX’s stores during the period of the alleged intrusion. Another was filed by financial institutions and seeks
unquantified damages on behalf of other similarly situated entities that suffered losses in relation to the alleged intrusion. The U.S. District Court (Court) has granted the Bancorp’s motion to dismiss certain of the claims, but additional
claims remain pending. On November 29, 2007, the U.S. District Court, District of Massachusetts (District Court) issued an order denying Plaintiffs’ Motion for Class Certification in the consolidated cases brought by financial institutions
(the “Financial Institution Track”). On December 18, 2007, the District 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 83

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Court entered its final order in the Financial Institution Track litigation that i) denied Plaintiffs’ Motion for Leave to Amend their Complaint,
without prejudice; ii) dismissed the case for lack of subject matter jurisdiction; and iii) transferred the case from the United States District Court to the Massachusetts Superior Court in and for the County of Middlesex (Massachusetts State
Court). On December 18, 2007, TJX Companies, Inc. filed a Notice of Appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit (First Circuit) as to that portion of the Court’s December 18 order transferring the case to
Massachusetts State Court and an emergency motion to stay the Massachusetts State Court proceedings pending the appeal. On December 19, 2007, the First Circuit granted the request for stay until further order of the Court. On December 20,
2007, the Bancorp likewise filed a Notice of Appeal to the First Circuit solely as to that portion of the District Court’s December 18 Order transferring the case to the Massachusetts State Court. On December 21, 2007, Plaintiffs also
filed a Notice of Appeal in the First Circuit as to the entirety of the District Court’s December 18 Order and also as to all other prior “adverse rulings” including, without limitation, the District Court’s denial of class
certification and dismissal of various claims. Both TJX and the Bancorp amended their Notices of Appeal to likewise appeal all adverse rulings by the District Court. Oral argument on the appeals was held on December 3, 2008, however, no ruling
has been issued by the Court. Separately, on January 16, 2008, the two remaining financial institution plaintiff banks that had not reached a settlement with TJX filed a new lawsuit against the Bancorp and TJX in Massachusetts State Court
asserting similar allegations to those set forth in the Financial Institution Track litigation. After TJX and the Bancorp removed the case to the District Court, it was remanded to Massachusetts State Court and the case has been stayed pending
outcome of the appeal. In regards to the consumer track litigation, on January 9, 2008, the District Court issued an Order of Preliminary Approval of a proposed class action settlement funded solely by TJX. A Final Fairness Hearing was held
July 15, 2008, at which time the Court approved the proposed settlement with certain changes that are subject to objection by the parties. The consumer track litigation settlement was approved by the Court on September 2, 2008 and payment
of the attorney fees was approved by the Court on November 3, 2008. 

In June 2007, Ronald A. Katz Technology
Licensing, L.P. (Katz) filed a suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio against the Bancorp and its Ohio banking subsidiary. In the suit, Katz alleges that the Bancorp and its Ohio bank are infringing on Katz’s
patents for interactive call processing technology by offering certain automated telephone 

banking and other services. This lawsuit is one of many related patent infringement suits brought by Katz in various courts against numerous other
defendants. Katz is seeking unspecified monetary damages and penalties as well as injunctive relief in the suit. Management believes there are substantial defenses to these claims and intends to defend them vigorously. The impact of the final
disposition of this lawsuit cannot be assessed at this time. 

In June through September of 2008, five putative securities
class action complaints were filed against the Bancorp and its Chief Executive Officer, among other parties, and are currently pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. The lawsuits allege violations of federal
securities laws related to disclosures made by the Bancorp in press releases and filings with the SEC regarding its quality and sufficiency of capital, credit losses and related matters, and seeking unquantified damages on behalf of putative classes
of persons who either purchased the Bancorp’s securities, or acquired the Bancorp’s securities pursuant to the First Charter Corporation Acquisition. In addition to the foregoing, two cases were filed in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of Ohio against the Bancorp and certain officers alleging violations of ERISA based on allegations similar to those set forth in the securities class action cases filed during the same period of time. These cases remain in
the early stages of litigation. The impact of the final disposition of these lawsuits cannot be assessed at this time. 

In
July 2008, a shareholder of the Bancorp filed a shareholder derivative suit in the Court of Common Pleas for Hamilton County, Ohio, against the members of the Bancorp’s Board of Directors and, nominally, the Bancorp, alleging breach of
fiduciary duty in connection with the Bancorp’s alleged violations of federal and state securities laws, among other charges, in relation to its previous statements regarding its quality and sufficiency of capital, credit losses and related
matters. The suit seeks unspecified compensatory damages in favor of the Bancorp from the Board of Directors, punitive damages, and interest, as well as costs, disbursements and attorney and other expert fees to the plaintiff. This lawsuit was
voluntarily dismissed in November 2008. 

The Bancorp and its subsidiaries are not parties to any other material
litigation. However, there are other litigation matters that arise in the normal course of business. While it is impossible to ascertain the ultimate resolution or range of financial liability with respect to these contingent matters, management
believes any resulting liability from these other actions would not have a material effect upon the Bancorp’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

17. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 At December 31, 2008 and 2007, certain directors, executive officers, principal holders of Bancorp common stock, associates of such persons, and
affiliated companies of such persons were indebted, including undrawn commitments to lend, to the Bancorp’s banking subsidiaries in the aggregate amount, net of participations, of $346 million and $348 million, respectively. As of
December 31, 2008 and 2007, the outstanding balance on loans to related parties, net of participations and undrawn commitments, was $143 million and $132 million, respectively. 

Commitments to lend to related parties as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, net of participations, were comprised of $339 million and
$340 million, respectively, to directors and $7 million and $8 million at December 31, 2008 and 2007 to executive officers. The commitments are in the form of loans and guarantees for various business and personal interests. This indebtedness
was incurred in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time of comparable transactions with unrelated parties. This indebtedness does not involve more than

the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. 

None of the Bancorp’s affiliates, officers, directors or employees has an interest in or receives any remuneration from any special purpose entities or qualified special purpose entities
with which the Bancorp transacts business. 

The Bancorp maintains a written policy and procedures covering related party
transactions. These procedures cover transactions such as employee-stock purchase loans, personal lines of credit, residential secured loans, overdrafts, letters of credit and increases in indebtedness. Such transactions are subject to the
Bancorp’s normal underwriting and approval procedures. Prior to the loan closing, Compliance Risk Management must approve and determine whether the transaction requires approval from or a post notification be sent to the Bancorp’s Board of
Directors. 

 84

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

18. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

The Bancorp has elected to present the disclosures
required by SFAS No. 130, “Reporting of Comprehensive Income,” in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity and in the following table. Disclosure of the reclassification adjustments, related tax effects
allocated to other comprehensive income and accumulated other comprehensive income as of and for the years ended December 31 were as follows: 

Total Other ComprehensiveIncome

Total Accumulated OtherComprehensive Income

($ in millions)

PretaxActivity

 Tax

Effect

NetActivity

BeginningBalance

NetActivity

EndingBalance

 2008

 Unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities arising during period

$353

(123)

230

 Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net loss

(31)

10

(21)

 Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities

322

(113)

209

(94)

209

115

 Unrealized holding gains on cash flow hedge derivatives

100

(35)

65

 Reclassification adjustment for net gains on cash flow hedge derivatives included in net
loss

(3)

1

(2)

 Net unrealized gains on cash flow hedge derivatives

97

(34)

63

25

63

88

 Defined benefit plans:

 Net prior service cost

-

-

-

 Net actuarial loss

(74)

26

(48)

 Defined benefit plans, net

(74)

26

(48)

(57)

(48)

(105)

 Total

$345

(121)

224

(126)

224

98

 2007

 Unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities arising during period

$60

(23)

37

 Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income

(21)

9

(12)

 Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities

39

(14)

25

(119)

25

(94)

 Unrealized holding gains on cash flow hedge derivatives

42

(15)

27

 Reclassification adjustment for net gains on cash flow hedge derivatives included in net
income

(1)

-

(1)

 Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge derivatives

41

(15)

26

(1)

26

25

 Defined benefit plans:

 Net prior service cost

-

-

-

 Net actuarial gain

3

(1)

2

 Defined benefit plans, net

3

(1)

2

(59)

2

(57)

 Total

$83

(30)

53

(179)

53

(126)

 2006

 Unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities arising during period

$61

(20)

41

 Reclassification adjustment for net losses included in net income

364

(129)

235

 Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities

425

(149)

276

(395)

276

(119)

 Reclassification adjustment for net losses on cash flow hedge derivatives included in net
income

20

(8)

12

 Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge derivatives

20

(8)

12

(13)

12

(1)

 Minimum pension liability (a)

(5)

5

-

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting for pension and other postretirement obligations (a)

-

(59)

(59)

 Total

$445

(157)

288

(413)

234

(179)

(a)

Upon adoption of SFAS No. 158, the Bancorp measured its liability for its total pension and other postretirement obligations to be $59 million. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 85

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

19. COMMON, PREFERRED AND TREASURY STOCK 

The following is a summary of the share activity
within common, preferred and treasury stock for the years ended December 31: 

Common Stock

Preferred Stock

Treasury Stock

($ and shares in millions)

Value

Shares

Value

Shares 

(a)

Value

Shares

 Shares at December 31, 2005

$1,295

583

$9

-

$1,279

28

 Shares acquired for treasury

-

-

-

-

82

2

 Stock-based awards exercised, including shares issued

-

-

-

-

(84)

(2)

 Restricted stock grants

-

-

-

-

(45)

(1)

 Shares at December 31, 2006

$1,295

583

$9

-

$1,232

27

 Shares acquired for treasury

-

-

-

-

1,084

27

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

-

-

-

-

(86)

(2)

 Restricted stock grants

-

-

-

-

(59)

(1)

 Employee stock ownership through benefit plans

-

-

-

-

38

1

 Shares at December 31, 2007

$1,295

583

$9

-

$2,209

52

 Issuance of preferred shares, Series G

-

-

1,072

-

-

-

 Issuance of preferred shares, Series F

-

-

3,169

-

-

-

 Redemption of preferred shares, Series D, E

-

-

(9)

-

-

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

-

-

-

-

(2)

-

 Restricted stock grants

-

-

-

-

(136)

(3)

 Shares issued in business combinations

-

-

-

-

(1,841)

(43)

 Employee stock ownership through benefit plans

-

-

-

-

(1)

-

 Shares at December 31, 2008

$1,295

583

$4,241

-

$229

6

(a)

There were 7,250 shares of Series D preferred stock and 2,000 shares of Series E preferred stock at December 31, 2005, 2006 and 2007. As of December 31, 2008, 44,300
shares of Series G preferred stock and 136,320 shares of Series F preferred stock had been issued. 

 During 2008, the Bancorp
repurchased an immaterial amount of common stock. During 2007, the Bancorp repurchased approximately 27 million shares of its common stock, five percent of total outstanding shares, in open market transactions for $1.1 billion. During 2006, the
Bancorp repurchased approximately 2 million shares of its common stock, less than one percent of total outstanding shares, in open market transactions for $82 million. 

In 2008, 8.5% non-cumulative Series G convertible preferred stock was issued in the second quarter. The depository shares represented 46,000 shares of its convertible preferred stock and had a
liquidation preference of $25,000 per share. The preferred stock is convertible at any time, at the option of the shareholder, into 2,159.8272 shares of common stock, representing a conversion price of approximately $11.575 per share of common
stock. As of December 31, 2008, Series G preferred stock had 44,300 shares outstanding and 1,700 shares reserved for issuance. 

On December 31, 2008, the U.S. Treasury purchased approximately $3.4 billion, or 136,320 shares, of the Bancorp’s Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series F, with a liquidation preference of
$25,000 per share and related 10-year warrants in the amount of 15% of the preferred stock investment. The warrants allow the U.S. Treasury to purchase up to 43,617,747 shares of the Bancorp’s common stock with an exercise price of $11.72. The
Series F senior preferred stock was issued complying with the terms established by the CPP. Per the program terms, the U.S. Treasury’s investment consists of senior preferred stock with a five percent dividend for each of the first five years
of investment and nine percent thereafter, unless the 

shares are redeemed. The shares are callable by the Bancorp at par after three years and may be repurchased at any time under certain circumstances. The
terms also include restrictions on the repurchase of common stock and an increase in common stock dividends, which require the U.S. Treasury’s consent, for a period of three years from the date of investment unless the preferred shares are
redeemed in whole or the U.S. Treasury has transferred all of the preferred shares to a third party. 

The proceeds from
issuance of the Series F preferred stock were allocated to the preferred stock and to the warrants based on their relative fair values, which resulted in an initial book value of $3.2 billion for the preferred stock and $239 million for the
warrants. The resulting discount to the preferred stock will be accreted over five years through retained earnings as a preferred stock dividend, resulting in an effective yield of 6.7% for the Series F preferred stock for the first five years. The
warrants will remain in capital surplus at their initial book value until they are exercised or expire. 

The CPP terms
also required that preferred stock issued to U.S. Treasury rank senior to, or pari passu with, other preferred stock. In order to meet the U.S. Treasury’s standard terms, in the fourth quarter of 2008, the Bancorp repurchased its Series D and
Series E preferred stock. The preferred stock was repurchased for aggregate consideration in cash of approximately $28 million, in which $9 million par value was accounted for as retirement of the Series D and Series E preferred stock and the
remaining $19 million was recognized as dividends paid to the holders of the preferred stock. 

 86

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

20. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

 The Bancorp has historically emphasized employee stock ownership. Based on total stock-based awards outstanding and shares remaining for future grants
under the Incentive Compensation Plan, the Bancorp’s total overhang is approximately 

12%. The following table provides detail of the number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock-based awards and remaining shares available
for future issuance under all of the Bancorp’s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2008: 

Plan Category (shares in thousands)

 Number of Shares to Be

Issued Upon Exercise

Weighted-Average
Exercise
Price

Shares Availablefor Future Issuance

 Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders:

23,888(b)

 Stock options (a)

17,769

$52.66

(b)

 Stock appreciation rights (SARs)

(c)

(c)

(b)

 Restricted stock

5,584

(d)

(b)

 Performance units

(e)

(d)

(b)

 Performance-based restricted stock

180

(d)

(b)

 Employee stock purchase plan

568(f)

 Deferred stock compensation plans

161

 Total shares

23,533

24,617

(a)

Excludes 2.8 million outstanding options awarded under plans assumed by the Bancorp in connection with certain mergers and acquisitions. The Bancorp has not made any awards
under these plans and will make no additional awards under these plans. The weighted-average exercise price of the outstanding options is $25.47 per share. 

(b)

Under the 2008 Incentive Compensation Plan, 33.0 million shares of stock were authorized for issuance as incentive and nonqualified stock options, SARs, restricted stock and
restricted stock units, performance shares and performance restricted stock awards. 

(c)

At December 31, 2008, approximately 22.5 million SARs were outstanding at a weighted-average grant price of $35.43. The number of shares to be issued upon exercise will
be determined at vesting based on the difference between the grant price and the market price at the date of exercise. 

(d)

Not applicable. 

(e)

The number of shares to be issued is dependent upon the Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance targets and ranges from zero shares to approximately 366 thousand
shares. 

(f)

Represents remaining shares of Fifth Third common stock under the Bancorp’s 1993 Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated, including an additional 1,500,000 shares
approved by shareholders on March 28, 2006. 

 Stock-based awards are eligible
for issuance under the Bancorp’s Incentive Compensation Plan to key employees and directors of the Bancorp and its subsidiaries. The Incentive Compensation Plan was approved by shareholders on April 15, 2008. The plan has authorized the
issuance of up to 33 million shares as equity compensation and provides for incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units, and performance share and restricted stock awards. All
of the Bancorp’s stock-based awards are to be settled with stock with the exception of a portion of the performance shares that are to be settled in cash. The Bancorp has historically used treasury stock to settle stock-based awards, when
available. Stock options, issued at fair market value based on the closing price of the Bancorp’s common stock on the date of grant, have up to ten-year terms and vest and become fully exercisable ratably over a three or four year period of
continued employment. SARs, issued at fair market value based on the closing price of the Bancorp’s common stock on the date of grant, have up to ten-year terms and vest and become exercisable either ratably or fully over a four year period of
continued employment. The Bancorp does not grant discounted stock options or SARs, re-price previously granted stock options or SARs, or grant reload stock options. Restricted stock grants vest either after four years or ratably after three, four
and five years of continued employment and include dividend and voting rights. Performance share and performance restricted stock awards have three-year cliff vesting terms with performance or market conditions as defined by the plan. 

Effective January 1, 2006, the Bancorp adopted SFAS No. 123(R) using the modified retrospective application basis in
accounting for stock-based compensation plans. Under SFAS No. 123(R), the Bancorp recognizes compensation expense for 

the grant-date fair value of stock-based compensation issued over its requisite service period. The grant-date fair value of stock options and SARs is
measured using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Awards with a graded vesting are expensed on a straight-line basis. 

The Bancorp uses assumptions, which are evaluated and revised as necessary, in estimating the grant-date fair value of each SAR grant. The weighted-average assumptions were as follows for the years ended: 

2008

2007

2006

 Expected life (in years)

6

6

6

 Expected volatility

30%

22%

23%

 Expected dividend yield

8.7%

4.4%

4.1%

 Risk-free interest rate

3.3%

4.6%

4.9%

The expected option life is derived from historical exercise patterns and represents the amount of
time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility is based on a combination of historical and implied volatilities of the Bancorp’s common stock. The expected dividend yield is based on annual dividends divided
by the Bancorp’s stock price. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

Stock-based compensation expense was $56 million, $63 million and $76 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. The total related income tax benefit recognized was $20 million, $22 million and $23 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The following tables include a summary of stock-based compensation
transactions for the previous three fiscal years: 

2008

2007

2006

Stock Options (shares in thousands)

Shares

 Weighted-Average

ExercisePrice

Shares

 Weighted-Average

ExercisePrice

Shares

 Weighted-Average

ExercisePrice

 Outstanding at January 1

23,645

$49.07

26,900

$47.58

31,546

$46.49

 Granted (a)

1,133

11.57

4

40.98

-

-

 Exercised

(202)

15.32

(2,068)

26.91

(1,931)

21.70

 Forfeited or expired

(4,012)

40.73

(1,191)

53.87

(2,715)

53.24

 Outstanding at December 31

20,564

$48.97

23,645

$49.07

26,900

$47.58

 Exercisable at December 31

20,564

$48.97

23,628

$49.07

25,978

$47.43

(a)

2008 Options granted include 1,131 options assumed as part of the First Charter Corporation acquisition completed on June 6, 2008. These options were granted under a First
Charter Corporation Plan assumed by the Bancorp. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 87

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options granted for the years ended 2008 and 2007 was $2.87 and $7.39 per share, respectively. There were
no stock options granted during 2006. 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $1 million, $28 million and $32
million in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Cash received from options exercised was $3 million, $48 million and $35 million in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The actual tax benefit realized from the exercised options was $1 million, $7

million and $9 million in 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of stock options that vested during 2008, 2007 and 2006 was $0.2
million, $16 million and $25 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2008, the aggregate intrinsic value of both outstanding options and exercisable options was $28 thousand. 

At December 31, 2008, stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock options not yet recognized was immaterial to the
Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2008

2007

2006

Stock Appreciation Rights (shares in thousands)

Shares

 Weighted-Average

Grant Price

Shares

 Weighted-Average

Grant Price

Shares

 Weighted-Average

Grant Price

 Outstanding at January 1

17,526

$41.81

13,053

$43.43

7,541

$47.51

 Granted

6,836

19.25

6,613

38.45

6,949

39.18

 Exercised

-

-

(56)

39.36

-

-

 Forfeited or expired

(1,854)

36.03

(2,084)

41.36

(1,437)

44.31

 Outstanding at December 31

22,508

$35.43

17,526

$41.81

13,053

$43.43

 Exercisable at December 31

8,352

$44.46

2,972

$41.45

989

$42.99

 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of SARs granted was $2.09, $6.24 and $7.35 per share for the years ended 2008, 2007 and 2006,
respectively. The total grant-date fair value of SARs that vested during 2008, 2007 and 2006 was $61 million, $19 million and $10 million, respectively. 

 At December 31, 2008,
there was $22 million of stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested SARs not yet recognized. The expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately 2.2 years. 

2008

2007

2006

Restricted Stock (shares in thousands)

Shares

 Weighted-Average
Grant-
Date

FairValue

Shares

 Weighted-Average
Grant-
Date

FairValue

Shares

 Weighted-Average
Grant-
Date

FairValue

 Nonvested at January 1

3,519

$40.80

2,380

$40.28

1,482

$46.16

 Granted

3,157

19.27

1,622

38.19

1,265

38.93

 Vested

(486)

48.62

(39)

48.28

(24)

44.91

 Forfeited

(606)

30.72

(444)

40.95

(343)

40.76

 Nonvested at December 31

5,584

$29.04

3,519

$40.80

2,380

$40.28

 The total grant-date fair value of restricted stock that vested during 2008, 2007 and 2006 was $23.7 million, $1.9 million and $1.1
million, respectively. At December 31, 2008, there was $50 million of stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock not yet recognized. The expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period
of approximately 3.1 years. 

The following table summarizes outstanding and exercisable stock options by exercise price at
December 31, 2008: 

Outstanding and Exercisable Stock Options

   Exercise Price

      per Share

Number ofOptions at Year
End (000’s)

Weighted-Average
Exercise Price

Weighted-Average
Remaining
Contractual Life
(in years)

 Under $10.00

335

$9.30

2.34

 $10.01-$25.00

1,212

15.27

3.91

 $25.01-$40.00

871

34.37

2.00

 $40.01-$55.00

13,879

48.36

1.99

 Over $55.00

4,267

66.61

3.26

 All stock options

20,564

$48.97

2.37

Approximately 186 thousand, 132 thousand and 111 thousand shares
of performance-based awards were granted during 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. These awards are payable in stock and cash contingent upon the Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance targets over the three-year measurement period. These
performance targets are based on the Bancorp’s performance relative to a defined peer group. The performance-based awards were granted at a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $19.18, $39.89 and $39.14 per share during 2008, 2007 and
2006, respectively. 

 Approximately 180 thousand and 137 thousand performance-based restricted shares were granted during 2008 and 2007, respectively. These awards are payable in stock contingent upon the Bancorp achieving
certain predefined performance targets over the one-year measurement period. These performance targets are based on the Bancorp’s performance relative to a defined peer group. If performance targets are met, the shares are vested over a
three-year period. The performance-based restricted shares were granted at a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $23.39 and $38.27 per share during 2008 and 2007, respectively. The performance condition related to the performance-based
restricted shares was achieved in 2007 and was not achieved in 2008. 

At December 31, 2008, there were
7.2 million incentive options, 13.4 million non-qualified options, 22.5 million SARs, 5.4 million restricted stock awards outstanding, 0.4 million shares reserved for performance unit awards, 0.2 million restricted
performance stock awards and 23.9 million shares available for grant. Stock options, SARs and restricted stock outstanding represent approximately eight percent of the Bancorp’s issued shares at December 31, 2008. 

The Bancorp sponsors a stock purchase plan that allows qualifying employees to purchase shares of the Bancorp’s common stock with a
15% match. During the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, there were 712,338, 333,039 and 317,483 shares purchased by participants and the Bancorp recognized stock-based compensation expense of $2 million for each of the
years ended 2008, 2007 and 2006. 

 88

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

21. OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME AND OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE

The major components of other
noninterest income and other noninterest expense for the years ended December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Other noninterest income:

 Gain on redemption of Visa, Inc. ownership shares

$273

-

-

 CitFed litigation settlement

76

-

-

 Cardholder fees

58

56

49

 Consumer loan and lease fees

51

46

47

 Operating lease income

47

32

26

 Insurance income

36

32

28

 Banking center income

31

29

22

 Gain (loss) on loan sales

(11)

25

17

 Loss on sale of other real estate owned

(60)

(14)

(8)

 Bank owned life insurance income (loss)

(156)

(106)

86

 Other

18

53

32

 Total

$363

153

299

 Other noninterest expense:

 Loan processing

$188

119

93

 Marketing

102

84

78

 Professional services fees

102

54

41

 Provision for unfunded commitments and letters of credit

98

16

5

 FDIC insurance and other taxes

73

31

39

 Affordable housing investments

67

57

42

 Intangible asset amortization

56

42

45

 Travel

54

54

52

 Postal and courier

54

52

49

 Recruitment and education

33

41

51

 Operating lease

32

22

18

 Supplies

31

31

28

 Visa litigation expense (share redemption)

(99)

172

-

 Debt and other financing agreement termination

-

-

49

 Other

298

214

173

 Total

$1,089

989

763

22. INCOME TAXES 

The Bancorp and its subsidiaries file a
consolidated federal income tax return. The following is a summary of applicable income taxes included in the Consolidated Statements of Income at December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Current income tax expense:

 U.S. income taxes

$560

623

457

 State and local income taxes

25

16

7

 Non-U.S. income taxes

3

-

-

 Total current tax expense

588

639

464

 Deferred income tax expense:

 U.S. income taxes

(1,090)

(197)

(24)

 State and local income taxes

(47)

19

3

 Non-U.S. income taxes

(2)

-

-

 Total deferred tax expense

(1,139)

(178)

(21)

 Applicable income tax expense (benefit)

$(551)

461

443

A reconciliation between the statutory U.S. income tax rate and the Bancorp’s effective tax
rate for the years ended December 31: 

2008

2007

2006

 Statutory tax rate

(35.0)%

35.0

35.0

 Increase (decrease) resulting from:

 State taxes, net of federal benefit

(.5)

1.5

.4

 Tax-exempt income

1.5

1.4

(2.8)

 Credits

(3.6)

(5.0)

(3.9)

 Dividends on subsidiary preferred stock

-

(2.5)

(2.2)

 Goodwill

11.9

-

-

 Interest to taxing authority, net of tax

5.1

.1

1.1

 Other, net

(.1)

(.5)

(.4)

 Effective tax rate

(20.7)%

30.0

27.2

 Tax-exempt income in the rate reconciliation table includes interest on municipal bonds, interest on tax-exempt lending, and income/charges on life insurance policies held by the Bancorp. The effective tax rate was
adversely impacted in 2008 and 2007 by $215 million and $177 million, respectively, of charges to one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies. See Note 12 for a further discussion of those charges. 

 The Internal Revenue Service
has completed its audits for the 2004 and 2005 income tax years. In addition to the leveraged leases, there are several items that are currently being addressed as part of the appeals process and are considered in arriving at the Bancorp’s
uncertain tax position liability discussed below. The statute of limitations for federal income tax returns remains open for tax years 2004 through 2008. In addition, limited federal 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 89

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

statute extensions are in place for tax years 1997 through 2003, primarily for leasing uncertainties. With the exception of the state impact of the federal
items discussed above as well as a few states with insignificant uncertain liabilities, the statutes of limitations for state income tax returns remain open for tax years in accordance with the various states’ statutes. 

As of January 1, 2007, the Bancorp adopted FIN 48. Upon adoption of this Interpretation on January 1, 2007, the Bancorp
recognized an after-tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $2 million representing the cumulative effect of applying the provisions of this Interpretation. At December 31, 2008 and at December 31, 2007, the Bancorp had
unrecognized tax benefits of $959 million and $469 million, respectively. Those balances included $83 million and $100 million of tax positions that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate and $1 million and $6 million in tax positions
that would impact goodwill. The remaining $875 million and $363 million is related to tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of the deductions. A significant portion
of these tax positions relate to the leveraged lease litigation discussed below and in Note 16. 

Any interest and
penalties incurred in connection with income taxes are recorded as a component of tax expense. For the year ended December 31, 2008, the Bancorp accrued interest, net of the related tax benefit, of $143 million and, at December 31, 2008,
had accrued interest liabilities of $210 million, net of the related tax benefits. No material liabilities were recorded for penalties. 

Included in other assets at December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007 is a deposit of $1.0 billion and $386 million, respectively, that the Bancorp made under Internal Revenue Code 

section 6603 for taxes associated with the leveraged lease portfolio. 

As previously disclosed, during May 2005, the Bancorp filed suit in the United States District Court of the Southern District of Ohio against the IRS seeking a refund of taxes paid as a result of
the audit of the 1997 tax year. This suit involves a determination of the correct tax treatment of certain leveraged leases entered into by the Bancorp. The outcome of this litigation will impact a number of leveraged leases entered into from 1997
through 2004. During the second quarter of 2008, the Bancorp increased its liability for uncertain tax positions relating to these leases based upon several factors, including the jury’s verdict in the form of answers to interrogatories in the
Bancorp’s case, and two other court cases involving leveraged leasing. The judge in the Bancorp’s case has not issued his final ruling. In December of 2008, the Bancorp entered into a Stipulated Conditional Dismissal. This Conditional
Order of Dismissal without prejudice and with leave allows the Bancorp to enter into settlement discussions with the US Department of Justice under the Settlement Initiatives offered by the Internal Revenue Service. The Stipulated Conditional
Dismissal is effective until June of 2009. Therefore, it is reasonably possible that the amount of the unrecognized benefit with respect to certain of the Bancorp’s uncertain tax positions could significantly change during the next 12 months.
If the Bancorp is able to reach an amenable settlement, it is possible that the unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by up to $875 million of the $959 million as of December 31, 2008 disclosed below. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of the Bancorp’s unrecognized tax benefits.

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Unrecognized tax benefits at January 1

$469

446

 Gross increases for tax positions taken during prior period

496

-

 Gross decreases for tax positions taken during prior period

(8)

-

 Gross increases for tax positions taken during current period

4

47

 Settlements with taxing authorities

-

(4)

 Lapse of applicable statute of limitations

(2)

(20)

 Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31

$959

469

Deferred income taxes are included as a component of other assets and accrued taxes, interest and
expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are comprised of the following temporary differences at December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Deferred tax assets:

 Allowance for credit losses

$975

328

 Deferred compensation

171

174

 Accrued interest

104

33

 Other comprehensive income

-

68

 State net operating losses

58

72

 Other

328

188

 Total deferred tax assets

$1,636

863

 Deferred tax liabilities:

 Lease financing

$849

1,344

 State deferred taxes

44

149

 Bank premises and equipment

96

75

 Mortgage servicing rights

149

160

 Other comprehensive income

53

-

 Other

144

154

 Total deferred tax liabilities

$1,335

1,882

 Total net deferred tax asset (liability)

$301

(1,019)

 Retained earnings at December 31, 2008 included $157 million in allocations of earnings for bad debt deductions of former thrift
subsidiaries for which no income tax has been provided. Under current tax law, if certain of the Bancorp’s subsidiaries use these 

bad debt reserves for purposes other than to absorb bad debt losses, they will be subject to federal income tax at the current corporate tax rate.

 90

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

23. RETIREMENT AND BENEFIT PLANS 

 SFAS No. 158, “Employers’ Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans – an amendment of FASB Statements
No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R)” requires the funded status of pension plans to be recorded in the balance sheet as an asset for plans with an overfunded status and a liability for plans with an underfunded status. The Bancorp recognized the
overfunded and underfunded status of its pension plans as an asset and liability, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2008 and 2007. 

Overfunded and underfunded amounts recognized in other assets and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the defined benefit retirement plans as of December 31 consist of:

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Prepaid benefit cost

$ -

37

 Accrued benefit liability

(84)

(36)

 Net (underfunded) overfunded status

$(84)

1

The following tables summarize the defined benefit retirement plans as of and for the years ended
December 31: 

Plans With an Overfunded Status (a) 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Fair value of plan assets at January 1

$-

252

 Actual return on assets

-

12

 Settlement

-

(20)

 Benefits paid

-

(7)

 Fair value of plan assets at December 31

$-

237

 Projected benefit obligation at January 1

$-

213

 Service cost

-

-

 Interest cost

-

12

 Settlement

-

(20)

 Actuarial loss

-

2

 Benefits paid

-

(7)

 Projected benefit obligation at December 31

$-

200

 Overfunded projected benefit obligation recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as an
asset

$-

37

(a)

The Bancorp’s defined benefit plan had an overfunded status for December 31, 2007. The plan was underfunded at December 31, 2008 and is reflected in the
Underfunded Status table. 

Plans With an Underfunded Status 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Fair value of plan assets at January 1

$237

-

 Actual return on assets

(70)

-

 Contributions

4

3

 Settlement

(17)

-

 Benefits paid

(10)

(3)

 Fair value of plan assets at December 31

$144

-

 Projected benefit obligation at January 1

$236

37

 Service cost

-

-

 Interest cost

13

2

 Settlement

(17)

-

 Actuarial loss

6

-

 Benefits paid

(10)

(3)

 Projected benefit obligation at December 31

$228

36

 Unfunded projected benefit obligation recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a liability

$(84)

(36)

The estimated net actuarial loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension plans that
will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost during 2009 are $16 million and $1 million, respectively. 

 The following tables summarize net periodic
benefit cost and other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

2006

 Components of net periodic benefit cost:

 Service cost

$ -

-

1

 Interest cost

13

14

13

 Expected return on assets

(18)

(19)

(19)

 Amortization of net actuarial loss

7

7

9

 Amortization of net prior service cost

1

1

1

 Settlement

10

7

8

 Net periodic benefit cost

$13

10

13

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income:

 Net actuarial loss

$93

10

 Net prior service cost

-

-

 Amortization of net actuarial loss

(7)

(7)

 Amortization of prior service cost

(1)

(1)

 Settlements

(10)

(7)

 Total recognized in other comprehensive income

75

(5)

 Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income

$88

5

The plan assumptions are evaluated annually and are updated as necessary. The discount rate
assumption reflects the yield on a portfolio of high quality fixed-income instruments that have a similar duration to the plan’s liabilities. The expected long-term rate of return assumption reflects the average return expected on the assets
invested to provide for the plan’s liabilities. In determining the expected long-term rate of return, the Bancorp evaluated actuarial and economic inputs, including long-term inflation rate assumptions and broad equity and bond indices
long-term return projections, as well as actual long-term historical plan performance. 

The following table summarizes the
plan assumptions for the years ended December 31: 

Weighted-average assumptions

2008

2007

2006

 For measuring benefit obligations at year end:

 Discount rate

6.11%

6.26

5.80

 Rate of compensation increase

5.00

5.00

5.00

 Expected return on plan assets

8.53

8.52

8.50

 For measuring net periodic benefit cost:

 Discount rate

6.45

5.80

5.375

 Rate of compensation increase

5.00

5.00

5.00

 Expected return on plan assets

8.50

8.50

8.45

The Bancorp’s qualified defined benefit plan and other retirement plans are currently
underfunded. The benefit plan’s benefits were frozen in 1998, except for grandfathered employees. The Bancorp’s other retirement plans consist of nonqualified, supplemental retirement plans, which are funded on an as needed basis. A
majority of these plans were obtained in acquisitions from prior years. 

Lowering both the expected rate of return on the
plan and the discount rate by 0.25% would have increased the 2008 pension expense by approximately $1 million. 

Plan
assets consist primarily of common trust and mutual funds (equities and fixed income) and Bancorp common stock. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, $124 million and $153 million, respectively, of plan assets were managed by Fifth Third Bank, a
subsidiary of the Bancorp, through common trust and mutual funds and included $3 million and $9 million, respectively, of Bancorp common stock. Plan assets are not expected to be returned to the Bancorp during 2009. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 91

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Bancorp’s policy for the investment of plan assets is to employ investment strategies that achieve a range of weighted-average target asset
allocations relating to equity securities (including the Bancorp’s common stock), fixed income securities and cash. The following table provides the Bancorp’s targeted and actual weighted-average asset allocations by asset category for
2008 and 2007: 

Weighted-average asset allocation

 Targeted

range

2008

2007

 Equity securities

68%

71

 Bancorp common stock

2

5

 Total equity securities

70 –80%

70

76

 Total fixed income securities

20 –25

27

20

 Cash

0 – 5

3

4

 Total

100%

100

The risk tolerance for the plan is determined by management to be moderate to
aggressive, recognizing that higher returns involve some volatility and that periodic declines in the portfolio’s value are tolerated in an effort to achieve real capital growth. Prohibited asset classes of the plan include precious metals,
venture capital, short sales and leveraged transactions. Per the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), the Bancorp’s common stock cannot exceed ten percent of the fair 

market value of plan assets. 

The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit plans was $227 million and $235 million at December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively. At December 31, 2008 and 2007, amounts relating to the Bancorp’s defined benefit
plans with benefit obligations exceeding assets were as follows: 

($ in millions)

2008

2007

 Projected benefit obligation

$

228

36

 Accumulated benefit obligation

227

36

 Fair value of plan assets

144

-

Based on actuarial assumptions, the Bancorp’s minimum required contribution
is $168,000 for 2009. Estimated pension benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are $21 million in 2009, $19 million in 2010, $19 million in 2011, $19 million in 2012 and $17 million in 2013. The total estimated payments for the
years 2014 through 2018 is $78 million. 

The Bancorp’s profit sharing plan expense was $18 million for 2008, $13
million for 2007 and $22 million for 2006. Expenses recognized during the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006 for matching contributions to the Bancorp’s defined contribution savings plans were $37 million, $37 million and $35
million, respectively. 

24.
EARNINGS PER SHARE 

The
calculation of earnings per share and the reconciliation of earnings per share to earnings per diluted share for the years ended December 31: 

2008

2007

2006

(in millions, except per share data)

Income

 Average

Shares

 Per

Share

Amount

Income

 Average

Shares

 Per

Share

Amount

Income

 Average

Shares

 Per

Share

Amount

 Earnings per share:

 Net income (loss) before cumulative effect

$

(2,113)

$

1,076

$

1,184

 Dividends on preferred stock

67

1

-

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders before cumulative effect

(2,180)

553

$

(3.94)

1,075

538

$

2.00

1,184

555

$

2.13

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

-

-

-

-

-

4

-

.01

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders

$

(2,180)

553

$

(3.94)

$

1,075

538

$

2.00

$

1,188

555

$

2.14

 Earnings per diluted share:

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders before cumulative effect

$

(2,180)

553

$

(3.94)

$

1,075

538

$

2.00

$

1,184

555

$

2.13

 Effect of dilutive securities:

 Stock based awards

-

-

2

(.01)

2

(.01)

 Convertible preferred stock (a) (b)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

 Income (loss) plus assumed conversions before cumulative effect

(2,180)

553

(3.94)

1,076

540

$

1.99

1,184

557

2.12

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

-

-

-

-

-

4

-

.01

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders plus assumed conversions

$

(2,180)

553

$

(3.94)

$

1,076

540

$

1.99

$

1,188

557

$

2.13

(a)

The effect of dilutive securities on the dividends on preferred stock for year ended December 31, 2008 was included in the calculation of net income available to common
shareholders, however, it was excluded from assumed conversions because the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

(b)

The additive effect to income from dividends on convertible preferred stock is $.580 million and the average share dilutive effect from convertible preferred stock is
.308 million shares for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. 

 Due to the net loss for the year ended December 31, 2008, the diluted earnings per share calculation excludes all common stock equivalents, including
43 million stock options and stock appreciation rights, 6 million shares of restricted stock, 96 million common shares from convertible preferred stock and 44 million shares under warrants related to the CPP as their inclusion
would have been anti-dilutive to earnings per share. 

At December 31, 2007 and 2006, there were 36.2 million and
33.1 million shares outstanding, respectively, that were not included in the computation of net income per diluted share. The outstanding shares consist of options and stock appreciation rights that had not yet been exercised, and unvested
restricted 

stock. The options and stock appreciation rights are excluded from the computation of net income per diluted shares because the exercise price of the shares
was greater than the average market price of the common shares and, therefore, the effect would be anti-dilutive. Restricted shares are excluded from the calculation until vested. 

During the first quarter of 2006, the Bancorp recognized a benefit for the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of $4
million, net of $2 million of tax, related to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R). The benefit recognized relates to the Bancorp’s estimate of forfeiture experience to be realized for all unvested stock-based awards outstanding.

 92

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

25. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

 Effective January 1, 2008,
the Bancorp adopted SFAS No. 157, which provides a framework for measuring fair value under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. SFAS No. 157 defines fair value as the price that would be received to
sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. SFAS No. 157 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to
measure fair value into three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). A financial
instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the instrument’s fair value measurement. The three levels within the fair value hierarchy are described as follows:

Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Bancorp has
the ability to access at the measurement date. 

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1
that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 inputs include: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that
are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are 

derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability for which there is little, if any, market activity at the measurement
date. Unobservable inputs reflect the Bancorp’s own assumptions about what market participants would use to price the asset or liability. The inputs are developed based on the best information available in the circumstances, which might include
the Bancorp’s own financial data such as internally developed pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, as well as instruments for which the fair value determination requires significant management judgment. 

Effective January 1, 2008, the Bancorp adopted SFAS No. 159, which allows an entity the irrevocable option to elect fair value
for the initial and subsequent measurement for certain financial assets and liabilities on an instrument-by-instrument basis. Upon election of the fair value option in accordance with SFAS No. 159, subsequent changes in fair value are recorded
as an adjustment to earnings. 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

The following table summarizes assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis, including financial instruments in which the Bancorp
has elected the fair value option in accordance with SFAS No. 159. 

Fair Value Measurements Using

As of December 31, 2008 ($ in millions)

 Quoted Prices in

Active Markets for

Identical Assets

(Level 1)

 Significant

Other

Observable

Inputs

(Level 2)

 Significant

Unobservable

Inputs

(Level 3)

Total Fair Value

 Assets:

 Available-for-sale securities (a)

$634

11,151

146(f)

$11,931

 Trading securities

1

1,190

-

1,191

 Loans held for sale (b)

-

881

-

881

 Residential mortgage loans (c) 

-

-

7

7

 Other assets (d)

6

3,189

30

3,225

 Total assets

$641

16,411

183

$17,235

 Liabilities:

 Other liabilities (e) 

$30

2,013

6

$2,049

 Total liabilities

$30

2,013

6

$2,049

(a)

Excludes FHLB and FRB restricted stock totaling $545 million and $252 million, respectively, which are carried at par. 

(b)

Includes residential mortgage loans held for sale. 

(c)

Includes residential mortgage loans originated as held for sale and subsequently transferred to held for investment. 

(d)

Includes derivatives with a positive fair value. 

(e)

Includes derivatives with a negative fair value and short positions. 

(f)

See Note 10 for a sensitivity analysis on residual interests from securitizations of automobile loans. 

 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for significant instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the
valuation hierarchy. 

Available-for-sale and trading securities 

Where quoted prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 1 securities include government bonds and exchange traded equities. If quoted market
prices are not available, then fair values are estimated using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, or discounted cash flows. Examples of such instruments, which would generally be classified within Level 2 of
the valuation hierarchy, include 

corporate and municipal bonds, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities and VRDNs. In certain cases where there is limited activity or less
transparency around inputs to the valuation, securities are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. Securities classified within Level 3 consist primarily of residual interests in securitizations of automobile loans. These residual
interests are valued using discounted cash flow models that integrate significant unobservable inputs, including discount rates, prepayment speeds, and loss rates which are estimated based on actual performance of similar loans transferred in
previous securitizations. Refer to Note 10 for further information on residual interests. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 93

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Residential mortgage loans held for sale 

For residential mortgage loans held for sale, fair value is estimated based upon mortgage-backed securities prices and spreads to those prices or, for certain assets, discounted cash flow models that may incorporate the anticipated
portfolio composition, credit spreads of asset-backed securities with similar collateral, and market conditions. Residential mortgage loans held for sale are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. For residential mortgage loans
reclassified from held for sale to held for investment, the fair value estimation is based primarily on the underlying collateral values. Therefore, these loans are classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. 

Derivatives 

Exchange-traded derivatives valued using
quoted prices are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. However, few classes of derivative contracts are listed on an exchange. Most derivative contracts are valued using discounted cash flow or other models that incorporate current
market interest rates, credit spreads assigned to the derivative counterparties, and other market parameters. The majority of the Bancorp’s derivative positions are valued utilizing models that use as their basis readily observable market
parameters and are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. Such derivatives include basic and structured interest rate swaps and options. Derivatives that are valued based upon models with significant unobservable market parameters are
classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. At December 31, 2008, derivatives 

classified as Level 3 consisted primarily of interest rate lock commitments, which utilize internally generated loan closing rate assumptions as a
significant unobservable input in the valuation process. The net fair value of the interest rate lock commitments was $22 million at December 31, 2008. At December 31, 2008, immediate decreases in current interest rates of 25 bp and 50 bp
would result in increases in the fair value of the interest rate lock commitments of approximately $12 million and $20 million, respectively. Immediate increases of current interest rates of 25bp and 50 bp would result in decreases in the fair value
of the interest rate lock commitments of approximately $16 million and $37 million, respectively. The change in fair value of interest rate lock commitments at December 31, 2008 due to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in the assumed loan
closing rates would be approximately $2 million and $4 million respectively, and due to immediate 10% and 20% favorable changes in the assumed loan closing rates would be approximately $2 million and $4 million, respectively. These sensitivities are
hypothetical and should be used with caution, as changes in fair value based on a variation in assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the change in fair value may not be linear.

The following table is a reconciliation of all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using
significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the year ended December 31, 2008: 

Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)

($ in millions)

 Available-for-

Sale Securities

 Residential

Mortgage

Loans

 Derivatives, Net

(a)

 Total

Fair Value

 Beginning balance

$10

-

(4)

$6

 Total gains or losses (realized/unrealized):

 Included in earnings

(15)

(1)

54

38

 Included in other comprehensive income

1

-

-

1

 Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net

150

-

(26)

124

 Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 (b)

-

8

-

8

 Ending balance

$146

7

24

$177

 The amount of total gains or losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in
unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held at December 31, 2008 (c)

($15)

(1)

27

$11

(a)

 Net derivatives include derivative assets and liabilities of $30 million and $6 million, respectively, at December 31, 2008, and derivative assets and
liabilities of $9 million and $13 million, respectively, at January 1, 2008. 

(b)

 Includes residential mortgage loans held for sale that were transferred to held for investment. 

(c)

 Includes interest income and expense. 

The total gains and losses included in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2008 for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) were
recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income as follows: 

($ in millions)

Gains (Losses)        

 Interest income

$7    

 Corporate banking revenue

(4)    

 Mortgage banking net revenue

53    

 Other noninterest income

5    

 Securities losses, net

(23)    

 Total gains

$38    

The total gains and losses included in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2008
attributable to changes in unrealized gains and losses related to Level 3 assets and liabilities still held at December 31, 2008 were recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income as follows: 

($ in millions)

Gains (Losses)        

 Interest income

$7    

 Corporate banking revenue

1    

 Mortgage banking net revenue

21    

 Other noninterest income

5    

 Securities losses, net

(23)    

 Total gains

$11    

 94

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These assets and liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis; however, they are subject to
fair value adjustments in certain circumstances, such as when there is evidence of impairment. 

Fair Value Measurements Using

Total Losses

($ in millions)

 Quoted Prices in

Active Markets for

Identical Assets

(Level 1)

 Significant Other

Observable

Inputs

(Level 2)

 Significant

Unobservable

Inputs

(Level 3)

Total

 Year Ended

December 31, 2008

 Loans held for sale

$90

-

383

$473

$(523)

 Commercial loans

-

-

512

512

(298)

 Commercial mortgage loans

-

-

461

461

(186)

 Commercial construction loans

-

-

743

743

(274)

 Servicing rights

-

-

496

496

(207)

 Total

$90

-

2,595

$2,685

$(1,488)

 During the fourth quarter of 2008, the Bancorp transferred certain commercial, commercial mortgage and commercial construction loans from the portfolio to
loans held for sale. The Bancorp recognized losses from fair value adjustments of approximately $523 million on these commercial loans at the time of their reclassification to loans held for sale. For $90 million of the loans, the fair value was
based on executable broker quotes from active market participants comparable to the executed bids for similar loans sold by the Bancorp during the fourth quarter of 2008. Therefore, these loans were classified within Level 1 of the valuation
hierarchy. For $383 million of the loans, the fair value was based on appraisals of the underlying collateral value. Therefore, these loans were classified within Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. 

During 2008, the Bancorp recorded nonrecurring adjustments to certain collateral-dependent commercial, commercial mortgage and
commercial construction loans measured for impairment in accordance with SFAS No. 114. Such amounts are generally based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan. In cases where the carrying value exceeds the fair value of
the collateral, an impairment loss is recognized. The fair values and recognized impairment losses are reflected in the previous table. 

During 2008, the Bancorp recognized temporary impairment of $207 million in certain classes of the mortgage servicing rights portfolio in which the carrying value of the MSRs was written down to their fair value as of
December 31, 2008. MSRs do not currently trade in an active, open market with readily observable prices. While sales of MSRs do occur, the precise terms and conditions typically are not readily available. Accordingly, the Bancorp estimates the
fair value of MSRs using discounted cash flow models with certain unobservable inputs, primarily prepayment speed assumptions, resulting in a classification within 

Level 3 of the valuation hierarchy. Refer to Note 10 for further information on the Bancorp’s mortgage servicing rights. 

Fair Value Option 

The Bancorp
elected on January 1, 2008 to measure residential mortgage loans held for sale at fair value in accordance with SFAS No. 159. The election was prospective, at the instrument level, for residential mortgage loans that have a designation as
held for sale on the day the specific loan closes. Electing to measure residential mortgage loans held for sale at fair value reduces certain timing differences, better matches changes in the value of these assets with changes in the value of
derivatives used as economic hedges for these assets and eliminates the complex hedge accounting requirements that were followed prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 159. 

Management’s intent to sell residential mortgage loans classified as held for sale may change over time due to such factors as changes in the overall liquidity in markets or changes in
characteristics specific to certain loans held for sale. Consequently, these loans may be reclassified to loans held for investment and maintained in the Bancorp’s loan portfolio. In such cases, the loans will continue to be measured at fair
value in accordance with SFAS No. 159. Residential loans with a fair value of $7 million at December 31, 2008, including fair value losses of $1 million, were transferred to the Bancorp’s portfolio during 2008. 

Fair value changes included in earnings for instruments for which the fair value option was elected included gains of $13 million for
the year ended December 31, 2008 and are reported as mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Losses included in earnings attributable to changes in instrument-specific credit risk for residential mortgage loans reclassified from held for sale to held for investment were $1 million for the year ended December 31, 2008.
Instrument-specific credit risk for residential mortgage loans held for sale measured at fair value are immaterial to the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements due to the short time period between the origination and sale of the loans.
Interest on residential mortgage loans measured at fair value is accrued as it is earned using the effective interest method and is reported as interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 95

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table summarizes the difference between the aggregate fair
value and the aggregate unpaid principal balance for residential mortgage loans measured at fair value as of December 31, 2008. 

($ in millions)

 Aggregate

Fair Value

 AggregateUnpaid

PrincipalBalance

Difference

 Residential mortgage loans measured at fair value

$888

848

$40

 Past due loans of 90 days or more

2

3

(1)

 Nonaccrual loans

-

-

-

Financial Instruments Pertaining to SFAS No. 107, “Disclosures about Fair Value of
Financial Instruments” 

The following table summarizes carrying amounts and estimated fair values for certain financial
instruments, excluding financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31: 

2008

2007

($ in millions)

 Carrying

Amount

 Fair

Value

 Carrying

Amount

 Fair

Value

 Financial assets:

 Cash and due from banks

$2,739

2,739

2,660

2,660

 Other securities (a)

797

797

722

722

 Held-to-maturity securities

360

360

355

355

 Other short-term investments

3,578

3,578

620

620

 Loans held for sale (b)

571

571

4,329

4,371

 Portfolio loans and leases, net (b)

81,349

74,234

79,316

79,600

 Financial liabilities:

 Deposits

78,613

79,145

75,445

75,512

 Federal funds purchased

287

287

4,427

4,427

 Other short-term borrowings

9,959

9,969

4,747

4,747

 Long-term debt

13,585

11,022

12,857

13,298

(a)

 Includes FHLB and FRB restricted stock. 

(b)

 Excludes residential mortgage loans measured at fair value on a recurring basis in accordance with SFAS No. 159 at December 31, 2008.

 Short-term financial assets, other securities and liabilities 

For financial instruments with a short-term or no stated maturity, prevailing market rates and limited credit risk, carrying amounts approximate fair value. Those financial instruments include cash and due from banks, FHLB and FRB
restricted stock, other short-term investments, certain deposits (demand, interest checking, savings, money market and foreign office deposits), and federal funds purchased. Fair values for other time deposits, certificates of deposit $100,000 and
over, and other short-term borrowings were estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applied prevailing LIBOR/swap interest rates for the same maturities. 

Held-to-maturity securities 

The Bancorp’s held-to-maturity securities are primarily composed of
instruments that provide income tax credits as the economic return on the investment. The fair value of these instruments is estimated based on current U.S. Treasury tax credit rates. 

 Loans held for sale 

Fair values for commercial loans held for sale were valued based on executable broker quotes when available, or on the fair value of the
underlying collateral. Based upon the timing of the transfer of the commercial loans to held for sale, current carrying values approximate fair value as of December 31, 2008. Fair values for other consumer loans held for sale are based on
contractual values upon which the loans may be sold to a third party, and approximate their carrying value as of December 31, 2008 and 2007. 

Portfolio loans and leases, net 

Fair values were estimated by discounting future cash flows using the current market rates
as similar loans would be made to borrowers for the same remaining maturities. 

Long-term debt 

Fair value of long-term debt was based on quoted market prices, when available, or a discounted cash flow calculation using LIBOR/swap interest rates and,
in some cases, a spread for new issues for borrowings of similar terms. 

 96

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

26. CERTAIN REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AND CAPITAL RATIOS 

 The principal source of income and funds for the Bancorp (parent company) are dividends from its subsidiaries. During 2008, the amount of dividends the
bank subsidiaries could pay to the Bancorp without prior approval of regulatory agencies was limited to their 2008 eligible net profits, as defined, and the adjusted retained 2007 and 2006 net income of those subsidiaries. 

The Bancorp’s subsidiary banks must maintain cash reserve balances when total reservable deposit liabilities are greater than the
regulatory exemption. These reserve requirements may be satisfied with vault cash and noninterest-bearing cash balances on reserve with a Federal Reserve Bank. In 2008 and 2007, the subsidiary banks were required to maintain average cash reserve
balances of $403 million and $330 million, respectively. 

The FRB adopted guidelines pursuant to which it assesses the
adequacy of capital in examining and supervising a bank holding company and in analyzing applications to it under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. These guidelines include quantitative measures that assign risk weightings to assets
and off-balance sheet items, as well as define and set minimum regulatory capital requirements. All bank holding companies are required to maintain core capital (Tier I) of at least 4% of risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items (Tier I
capital ratio), total capital of at least 8% of risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items (Total risk-based capital ratio) and Tier I capital of at least 3% of adjusted quarterly average assets (Tier I leverage ratio). Failure to meet the
minimum capital requirements can initiate certain actions by regulators that could have a direct material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Bancorp. 

Tier I capital consists principally of shareholders’ equity including Tier I qualifying trust preferred securities or notes payable pertaining to unconsolidated special purpose entities that
issue trust preferred securities. It excludes unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities and unrecognized pension actuarial gains and losses and prior service cost, less goodwill and certain other intangibles. 

Tier II capital consists principally of perpetual and trust preferred stock that is not eligible to be included as Tier I capital, term
subordinated debt, intermediate-term preferred stock and, 

subject to limitations, general allowances for loan and lease losses. Assets are adjusted under the risk-based guidelines to take into account different risk
characteristics. Average assets for this purpose does not include goodwill and any other intangible assets and investments that the FRB determines should be deducted from Tier I capital. 

Both the FRB and the OCC have issued regulations regarding the capital adequacy of subsidiary banks. These requirements are
substantially similar to those adopted by the FRB regarding bank holding companies, as described above. In addition, the federal banking agencies have issued substantially similar regulations to implement the system of prompt corrective action
established by Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Under the regulations, a bank generally shall be deemed to be well-capitalized if it has a Total risk-based capital ratio of 10% or more, a Tier I capital ratio of 6% or more, a
Tier I leverage ratio of 5% or more and is not subject to any written capital order or directive. If an institution becomes undercapitalized, it would become subject to significant additional oversight, regulations and requirements as mandated by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The Bancorp and each of its subsidiary banks had Tier I, Total risk-based capital and Tier I leverage ratios above the well-capitalized levels at December 31, 2008 and 2007. As of December 31, 2008, the
most recent notification from the FRB categorized the Bancorp and each of its subsidiary banks as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To continue to qualify for financial holding company status pursuant to
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, the Bancorp’s subsidiary banks must, among other things, maintain “well-capitalized” capital ratios. 

U.S. bank regulatory authorities and international bank supervisory organizations, principally the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, are currently considering changes to the risk-based capital adequacy framework
for banks, including emphasis on credit, market and operational risk components, which ultimately could affect the appropriate capital guidelines for bank holding companies such as the Bancorp. Capital and risk-based capital and leverage ratios for
the Bancorp and its significant subsidiary banks at December 31: 

2008

2007

($ in millions)

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

 Total risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets):

 Fifth Third Bancorp (Consolidated)

$16,646

14.78

%

$11,733

10.16

%

 Fifth Third Bank (Ohio)

6,444

10.92

6,058

10.39

 Fifth Third Bank (Michigan)

6,664

12.95

5,787

10.13

 Fifth Third Bank, N.A.

948

17.59

519

21.76

 Tier I capital (to risk-weighted assets):

 Fifth Third Bancorp (Consolidated)

11,924

10.59

8,924

7.72

 Fifth Third Bank (Ohio)

4,799

8.13

4,744

8.13

 Fifth Third Bank (Michigan)

5,692

11.06

5,191

9.09

 Fifth Third Bank, N.A.

880

16.33

503

21.07

 Tier I leverage (to average assets):

 Fifth Third Bancorp (Consolidated)

11,924

10.27

8,924

8.50

 Fifth Third Bank (Ohio)

4,799

7.03

4,744

8.11

 Fifth Third Bank (Michigan)

5,692

10.45

5,191

10.55

 Fifth Third Bank, N.A.

880

14.11

503

25.59

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 97

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

27. PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

($ in millions)

Condensed Statements of Income (Parent Company Only)

For the years ended December 31

2008

2007

2006

 Income

 Dividends from subsidiaries

$-

900

605

 Interest on loans to subsidiaries

80

75

46

 Other

-

9

2

 Total income

80

984

653

 Expenses

 Interest

293

162

120

 Goodwill impairment

57

-

-

 Other

24

80

22

 Total expenses

374

242

142

 Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes and Change in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries

(294)

742

511

 Applicable income tax (benefit) expense

84

(58)

(35)

 Income (Loss) Before Change in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries

(210)

800

546

 (Decrease) increase in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

(1,903)

276

642

 Net Income (Loss)

($2,113)

1,076

1,188

Condensed Balance Sheets (Parent Company Only)

As of December 31

2008

2007

 Assets

 Cash

$61

115

 Short-term investments

3,508

1,085

 Loans to subsidiaries

1,243

1,201

 Investment in subsidiaries

13,453

11,991

 Goodwill

80

137

 Other assets

959

188

 Total Assets

$

19,304

14,717

 Liabilities

 Commercial paper and other short-term borrowings

$783

20

 Accrued expenses and other liabilities

119

320

 Long-term debt

6,325

5,216

 Total Liabilities

7,227

5,556

 Shareholders’ Equity

12,077

9,161

 Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

$

19,304

14,717

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Parent Company Only)

For the years ended December 31

2008

2007

2006

 Operating Activities

 Net income (loss)

($2,113)

1,076

1,188

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

 Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes

11

(7)

1

 Increase in other assets

(85)

(98)

(1)

 Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities

40

132

17

 Decrease (increase) in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

1,903

(276)

(642)

 Goodwill impairment

57

-

-

 Other, net

(5)

46

(14)

 Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities

(192)

873

549

 Investing Activities

 Increase in short-term investments

(2,423)

(304)

(544)

 Capital contribution to subsidiaries

(2,000)

-

(25)

 Decrease in held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities

-

6

-

 (Increase) decrease in loans to subsidiaries

(42)

(565)

(107)

 Net cash paid in business combinations

(328)

-

-

 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

(4,793)

(863)

(676)

 Financing Activities

 Increase in other short-term borrowings

763

13

5

 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

2,126

2,135

748

 Repayment of long-term debt

(1,714)

(209)

(13)

 Payment of cash dividends

(687)

(898)

(867)

 Issuance of preferred stock, series F, G

4,480

-

-

 Exercise of stock-based awards

4

50

43

 Retirement of preferred shares, series D, E

(9)

-

-

 Dividends on redemption of preferred shares, series D, E

(19)

-

-

 Purchases of treasury stock

-

(1,084)

(82)

 Other, net

(13)

(30)

(8)

 Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities

4,931

(23)

(174)

 Decrease in Cash

(54)

(13)

(301)

 Cash at Beginning of Year

115

128

429

 Cash at End of Year

$61

115

128

 98

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

28. SEGMENTS 

 The Bancorp reports on five business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, Processing Solutions and Investment Advisors.

Results of the Bancorp’s business segments are presented based on its management structure and management accounting
practices. The structure and accounting practices are specific to the Bancorp; therefore, the financial results of the Bancorp’s business segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other financial institutions. The
Bancorp refines its methodologies from time to time as management accounting practices are improved and businesses change. 

The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the corporate level by employing an FTP methodology. This methodology insulates the business segments from interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus on serving customers through
loan originations and deposit taking. The FTP system assigns charge rates and credit rates to classes of assets and liabilities, respectively, based on expected duration and the LIBOR swap curve. Matching duration allocates interest income and
interest expense to each segment so its resulting net interest income is insulated from interest rate risk. In a rising rate environment, the 

Bancorp benefits from the widening spread between deposit costs and wholesale funding costs. However, the Bancorp’s FTP system credits this benefit to
deposit-providing businesses, such as Branch Banking and Investment Advisors, on a duration-adjusted basis. The net impact of the FTP methodology is captured in General Corporate and Other. 

The business segments are charged provision expense based on the actual net charge-offs experienced by the loans owned by each segment.
Provision expense attributable to loan growth and changes in factors in the allowance for loan and lease losses are captured in General Corporate and Other. The financial results of the business segments include allocations for shared services and
headquarters expenses. Even with these allocations, the financial results are not necessarily indicative of the business segments’ financial condition and results of operations as if they were to exist as independent entities. Additionally, the
business segments form synergies by taking advantage of cross-sell opportunities and when funding operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit. Results of operations and average assets by segment for each of the three years ended
December 31 are: 

($ in millions)

Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

 Processing

Solutions

 Investment

Advisors

 General

Corporate

Eliminations

Total

 2008

 Net interest income (a)

$1,645

1,662

497

7

183

(458)

-

3,536

 Provision for loan and lease losses

1,864

352

425

16

49

1,854

-

4,560

 Net interest income (loss) after provision for loan and lease losses

(219)

1,310

72

(9)

134

(2,312)

-

(1,024)

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

(2)

189

-

796

2

(7)

(66

)(b)

912

 Service charges on deposits

186

447

-

1

9

(2)

-

641

 Corporate banking revenue

414

12

-

-

18

-

-

444

 Investment advisory revenue

5

84

-

-

354

(6)

(84

)(c)

353

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

13

184

-

1

1

-

199

 Other noninterest income

52

67

38

46

2

158

-

363

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

124

-

-

(90)

-

34

 Total noninterest income

655

812

346

843

386

54

(150

)

2,946

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, wages and incentives

253

409

108

67

133

367

-

1,337

 Employee benefits

46

108

26

13

26

59

-

278

 Net occupancy expense

17

159

8

4

10

102

-

300

 Payment processing expense

1

6

-

265

-

2

-

274

 Technology and communications

(2)

16

2

42

2

131

-

191

 Equipment expense

4

44

1

2

1

78

-

130

 Goodwill impairment

750

-

215

-

-

-

-

965

 Other noninterest expense

599

503

224

161

204

(452)

(150

)

1,089

 Total noninterest expense

1,668

1,245

584

554

376

287

(150

)

4,564

 Income (loss) before income taxes

(1,232)

877

(166)

280

144

(2,545)

-

(2,642)

 Applicable income tax expense (benefit) (a)

(535)

309

(58)

98

51

(394)

-

(529)

 Net income (loss)

(697)

568

(108)

182

93

(2,151)

-

(2,113)

 Dividends on preferred stock

-

-

-

-

-

67

-

67

 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders

$(697)

568

(108)

182

93

(2,218)

-

(2,180)

 Average assets

$47,849

46,178

23,039

968

5,496

(9,234)

-

114,296

(a)

Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $22 million. 

(b)

Electronic payment processing service revenues provided to the banking segments are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

(c)

Revenue sharing agreements between Investment Advisors and Branch Banking are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 Fifth Third Bancorp

 99

Table of Contents

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2007 ($ in millions)

 Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

ProcessingSolutions

 Investment

Advisors

GeneralCorporate

Eliminations

Total

 Net interest income (a)

$1,311

1,464

404

(6)

153

(293)

-

3,033

 Provision for loan and lease losses

127

162

149

11

12

167

-

628

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses

1,184

1,302

255

(17)

141

(460)

-

2,405

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

(6)

174

-

700

1

-

(43)(b)

826

 Service charges on deposits

154

421

-

(1)

7

(2)

-

579

 Corporate banking revenue

341

13

-

3

10

-

-

367

 Investment advisory revenue

3

90

-

-

386

(5)

(92)(c)

382

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

7

122

-

2

2

-

133

 Other noninterest income

66

73

69

41

1

(97)

-

153

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

6

-

-

21

-

27

 Total noninterest income

558

778

197

743

407

(81)

(135)

2,467

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, wages and incentives

220

379

48

62

140

390

-

1,239

 Employee benefits

44

100

26

13

27

68

-

278

 Net occupancy expense

15

136

8

4

10

96

-

269

 Payment processing expense

-

6

-

237

-

1

-

244

 Technology and communications

4

14

2

31

2

116

-

169

 Equipment expense

3

37

1

4

1

77

-

123

 Other noninterest expense

514

450

167

123

215

(345)

(135)

989

 Total noninterest expense

800

1,122

252

474

395

403

(135)

3,311

 Income before income taxes

942

958

200

252

153

(944)

-

1,561

 Applicable income tax expense (benefit) (a)

244

338

70

89

54

(310)

-

485

 Net income

698

620

130

163

99

(634)

-

1,076

 Dividends on preferred stock

-

-

-

-

-

1

-

1

 Net income available to common shareholders

$698

620

130

163

99

(635)

-

1,075

 Average assets

$38,800

44,925

23,713

1,068

5,891

(11,920)

-

102,477

(a)

Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $24 million. 

(b)

Electronic payment processing service revenues provided to the banking segments are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

(c)

Revenue sharing agreements between Investment Advisors and Branch Banking are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

2006 ($ in millions)

 Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

ProcessingSolutions

 Investment

Advisors

GeneralCorporate

Eliminations

Total

 Net interest income (a)

$1,318

1,300

409

(3)

138

(263)

-

2,899

 Provision for loan and lease losses

99

108

94

9

4

29

-

343

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses

1,219

1,192

315

(12)

134

(292)

-

2,556

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

(5)

159

-

601

1

(1)

(38)(b)

717

 Service charges on deposits

146

365

-

(1)

7

-

-

517

 Corporate banking revenue

292

15

-

1

7

3

-

318

 Investment advisory revenue

3

87

-

-

367

(3)

(87)(c)

367

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

5

148

-

2

-

-

155

 Other noninterest income

40

80

76

35

2

66

-

299

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

-

(1)

-

(363)

-

(364)

 Securities gains, net – non qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing rights

-

-

3

-

-

-

-

3

 Total noninterest income

476

711

227

635

386

(298)

(125)

2,012

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, wages and incentives

201

355

57

57

143

361

-

1,174

 Employee benefits

44

100

30

13

29

76

-

292

 Net occupancy expense

14

121

7

3

10

90

-

245

 Payment processing expense

-

15

-

169

-

-

-

184

 Technology and communications

-

13

2

32

2

92

-

141

 Equipment expense

2

32

1

4

1

76

-

116

 Other noninterest expense

467

398

167

130

196

(470)

(125)

763

 Total noninterest expense

728

1,034

264

408

381

225

(125)

2,915

 Income before income taxes and cumulative effect

967

869

278

215

139

(815)

-

1,653

 Applicable income tax expense (benefit) (a)

274

306

98

76

49

(334)

-

469

 Income before cumulative effect

693

563

180

139

90

(481)

-

1,184

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

-

-

-

-

4

-

4

 Net income

693

563

180

139

90

(477)

-

1,188

 Dividends on preferred stock (d)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

 Net income available to common shareholders

$693

563

180

139

90

(477)

-

1,188

 Average assets

$35,141

43,426

22,137

586

5,463

(1,515)

-

105,238

(a)

Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $26 million. 

(b)

Electronic payment processing service revenues provided to the banking segments are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

(c)

Revenue sharing agreements between Investment Advisors and Branch Banking are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

(d)

Dividends on preferred stock were $.740 million. 

 100

 Fifth Third Bancorp

Table of Contents

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 

Commission file number 001-33653 

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP Incorporated in the State of Ohio I.R.S.
Employer Identification No. 31-0854434 Address: 38 Fountain Square Plaza Cincinnati, Ohio 45263 Telephone: (513) 534-5300 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section12(b) of the Act:

 Name of exchange on whichregistered:

 Common Stock , Without Par Value

 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

 8.5% Non-Cumulative Series G Convertible Perpetual Preferred Stock

 The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

 7.25% Trust Preferred Securities of Fifth Third Capital Trust V

 New York Stock Exchange

 7.25% Trust Preferred Securities of Fifth Third Capital Trust VI

 New York Stock Exchange

 8.875% Trust Preferred Securities of Fifth Third Capital Trust VII

 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act. Yes: x No: 
¨ 

Indicate by checkmark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes: ¨ No: 
x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes: x
No: 
¨ 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation
S-K(§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K. x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer x 

Accelerated filer ¨ 

Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a
smaller reporting company) 

Smaller reporting company ¨ 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes: ¨ No: 
x

There were 577,364,046 shares of the Bancorp’s Common Stock, without par value, outstanding as of January 31, 2009. The
Aggregate Market Value of the Voting Stock held by non-affiliates of the Bancorp was $5,093,484,456 as of June 30, 2008. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE 

This report incorporates into a single document the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) with
respect to annual reports on Form 10-K and annual reports to shareholders. The Bancorp’s Proxy Statement for the 2009 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Only those sections of this 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders that are specified in this Cross Reference Index constitute part of the
Registrant’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. No other information contained in this 2008 Annual Report to Shareholders shall be deemed to constitute any part of this Form 10-K nor shall any such information be incorporated
into the Form 10-K and shall not be deemed “filed” as part of the Registrant’s Form 10-K. 

10-K Cross Reference Index 

PART I

Item 1.

 Business

15-16, 102-106

 Employees

28

 Segment Information

30-34, 99-100

 Average Balance Sheets

25

 Analysis of Net Interest Income and Net Interest Income Changes

24-26

 Investment Securities Portfolio

38-39, 67-68

 Loan and Lease Portfolio

37, 68-69

 Risk Elements of Loan and Lease Portfolio

41-48

 Deposits

39-40

 Return on Equity and Assets

14

 Short-term Borrowings

40, 79



20-23