22

Statements of Income Analysis

25

Business Segment Review

31

Fourth Quarter Review

35

Balance Sheet Analysis

36

Risk Management

39

Management’s Assessment as to the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

50

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

51

 Financial Statements

Consolidated Statements of Income

52

Consolidated Balance Sheets

53

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity

54

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

55

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Significant Accounting and Reporting Policies

56

Legal and Regulatory Proceedings

73

Business Combinations

61

Related Party Transactions

74

Securities

62

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

75

Loans and Leases and Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses

63

Common Stock and Treasury Stock

76

Loans Acquired in a Transfer

64

Stock-Based Compensation

76

Bank Premises and Equipment

64

Other Noninterest Income and Other Noninterest Expense

79

Goodwill

64

Income Taxes

79

Intangible Assets

65

Retirement and Benefit Plans

81

Sales of Receivables and Servicing Rights

65

Earnings Per Share

82

Derivatives

67

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

83

Other Assets

70

Certain Regulatory Requirements and Capital Ratios

84

Short-Term Borrowings

70

Parent Company Financial Statements

85

Long-Term Debt

71

Segments

86

Commitments, Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees

72

Annual Report on Form 10-K

88

Consolidated Ten Year Comparison

99

Directors and Officers

100

 Corporate Information

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This report may contain forward-looking statements about Fifth Third Bancorp and/or the company as combined acquired entities within the meaning of Sections 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Rule 175
promulgated thereunder, and 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder, that involve inherent risks and uncertainties. This report may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to the
financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of Fifth Third Bancorp and/or the combined company including statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words or phrases such as
“believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “trend,” “objective,” “continue,” “remain” or similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “will,”
“would,” “should,” “could,” “might,” “can,” “may” or similar expressions. There are a number of important factors that could cause future results to differ materially from historical
performance and these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) general economic conditions and weakening in the economy, specifically the real estate market, either national or
in the states in which Fifth Third, one or more acquired entities and/or the combined company do business, are less favorable than expected; (2) deteriorating credit quality; (3) political developments, wars or other hostilities may
disrupt or increase volatility in securities markets or other economic conditions; (4) changes in the interest rate environment reduce interest margins; (5) prepayment speeds, loan origination and sale volumes, charge-offs and loan loss
provisions; (6) Fifth Third’s ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and liquidity; (7) changes and trends in capital markets; (8) competitive pressures among depository institutions increase
significantly; (9) effects of critical accounting policies and judgments; (10) changes in accounting policies or procedures as may be required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other regulatory agencies; (11) legislative
or regulatory changes or actions, or significant litigation, adversely affect Fifth Third, one or more acquired entities and/or the combined company or the businesses in which Fifth Third, one or more acquired entities and/or the combined company
are engaged; (12) ability to maintain favorable ratings from rating agencies; (13) fluctuation of Fifth Third’s stock price; (14) ability to attract and retain key personnel; (15) ability to receive dividends from its
subsidiaries; (16) potentially dilutive effect of future acquisitions on current shareholders’ ownership of Fifth Third; (17) effects of accounting or financial results of one or more acquired entities; (18) difficulties in
combining the operations of acquired entities; (19) ability to secure confidential information through the use of computer systems and telecommunications networks; and (20) the impact of reputational risk created by these developments on
such matters as business generation and retention, funding and liquidity. Fifth Third undertakes no obligation to release revisions to these forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report. 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following is management’s
discussion and analysis of certain significant factors that have affected Fifth Third Bancorp’s (the “Bancorp” or “Fifth Third”) financial condition and results of operations during the periods included in the Consolidated
Financial Statements, which are a part of this report. Reference to the Bancorp incorporates the parent holding company and all consolidated subsidiaries. 

TABLE 1: SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except per share data)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income (a)

$3,033

2,899

2,996

3,048

2,944

 Noninterest income

2,467

2,012

2,374

2,355

2,398

     Total revenue (a)

5,500

4,911

5,370

5,403

5,342

 Provision for loan and lease losses

628

343

330

268

399

 Noninterest expense

3,311

2,915

2,801

2,863

2,466

 Net income

1,076

1,188

1,549

1,525

1,665

 Common Share Data

 Earnings per share, basic

$2.00

2.14

2.79

2.72

2.91

 Earnings per share, diluted

1.99

2.13

2.77

2.68

2.87

 Cash dividends per common share

1.70

1.58

1.46

1.31

1.13

 Book value per share

17.20

18.02

17.00

16.00

15.29

 Dividend payout ratio

84.9

%

74.2

52.7

48.9

39.4

 Financial Ratios

 Return on average assets

1.05

%

1.13

1.50

1.61

1.90

 Return on average equity

11.2

12.1

16.6

17.2

19.0

 Average equity as a percent of average assets

9.35

9.32

9.06

9.34

10.01

 Tangible equity

6.05

7.79

6.87

8.35

8.56

 Net interest margin (a)

3.36

3.06

3.23

3.48

3.62

 Efficiency (a)

60.2

59.4

52.1

53.0

46.2

 Credit Quality

 Net losses charged off

$462

316

299

252

312

 Net losses charged off as a percent of average loans and leases

.61

%

.44

.45

.45

.63

 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of loans and leases

1.17

1.04

1.06

1.19

1.33

 Allowance for credit losses as a percent of loans and leases

1.29

1.14

1.16

1.31

1.47

 Nonperforming assets as a percent of loans, leases and other assets, including other
real estate owned

1.32

.61

.52

.51

.61

 Average Balances

 Loans and leases, including held for sale

$78,348

73,493

67,737

57,042

52,414

 Total securities and other short-term investments

11,994

21,288

24,999

30,597

28,947

 Total assets

102,477

105,238

102,876

94,896

87,481

 Transaction deposits (b)

50,987

49,678

48,177

43,260

40,372

 Core deposits (c)

61,765

60,178

56,668

49,468

46,798

 Wholesale funding (d)

27,254

31,691

33,615

33,629

28,812

 Shareholders’ equity

9,583

9,811

9,317

8,860

8,754

 Regulatory Capital Ratios

 Tier I capital

7.72

%

8.39

8.35

10.31

10.97

 Total risk-based capital

10.16

11.07

10.42

12.31

13.42

 Tier I leverage

8.50

8.44

8.08

8.89

9.11

 (a)

 Amounts presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis (“FTE”). The taxable equivalent adjustments for years ending December 31, 2007, 2006,
2005, 2004 and 2003 were $24 million, $26 million, $31 million, $36 million and $39 million, respectively. 

 (b)

 Includes demand, interest checking, savings, money market and foreign office deposits. 

 (c)

 Includes transaction deposits plus other time deposits. 

 (d)

 Includes certificates $100,000 and over, other foreign office deposits, federal funds purchased, short-term borrowings and long-term debt.

 TABLE 2: QUARTERLY INFORMATION

2007

2006

 For the three months ended ($ in millions, except per share data)

12/31

9/30

6/30

3/31

12/31

9/30

6/30

3/31

 Net interest income (FTE)

$785

760

745

742

744

719

716

718

 Provision for loan and lease losses

284

139

121

84

107

87

71

78

 Noninterest income

509

681

669

608

181

626

622

584

 Noninterest expense

940

853

765

753

760

731

726

698

 Income before cumulative effect

16

325

376

359

66

377

382

359

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

4

 Net income

16

325

376

359

66

377

382

363

 Earnings per share, basic

.03

.61

.69

.65

.12

.68

.69

.66

 Earnings per share, diluted

.03

.61

.69

.65

.12

.68

.69

.65

18    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW 

 This overview of
management’s discussion and analysis highlights selected information in the financial results of the Bancorp and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. For a more complete understanding of trends, events, commitments,
uncertainties, liquidity, capital resources and critical accounting policies and estimates, you should carefully read this entire document. Each of these items could have an impact on the Bancorp’s financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

The Bancorp is a diversified financial services company
headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. At December 31, 2007, the Bancorp had $111.0 billion in assets, operated 18 affiliates with 1,227 full-service Banking Centers including 102 Bank Mart®
 locations open seven days a week inside select grocery stores and 2,211 Jeanie
®
 ATMs in Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee,
West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Missouri and Georgia. The Bancorp reports on five business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, Investment Advisors and Fifth Third Processing Solutions (“FTPS”). 

The Bancorp believes that banking is first and foremost a relationship business where the strength of the competition and challenges to
growth can vary in every market. Its affiliate operating model provides a competitive advantage by keeping the decisions close to the customer and by emphasizing individual relationships. Through its affiliate operating model, individual managers
from the banking center to the executive level are given the opportunity to tailor financial solutions for their customers. 

The Bancorp’s revenues are fairly evenly dependent on net interest income and noninterest income. For the year ended December 31, 2007, net interest income, on a fully taxable equivalent (“FTE”) basis, and noninterest
income provided 55% and 45% of total revenue, respectively. Therefore, changes in interest rates, credit quality, economic trends and the capital markets are primary factors that drive the performance of the Bancorp. As discussed in the Risk
Management section, risk identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting are important to the management of risk and to the financial performance and capital strength of the Bancorp. 

Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on assets such as loans, leases and securities, and interest expense
paid on liabilities such as deposits, short-term borrowings and long-term debt. Net interest income is affected by the general level of interest rates, the relative level of short-term and long-term interest rates, changes in interest rates and
changes in the amount and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Generally, the rates of interest the Bancorp earns on its assets and pays on its liabilities are established for a period of time. The change in
market interest rates over time exposes the Bancorp to interest rate risk through potential adverse changes to net interest income and financial position. The Bancorp manages this risk by continually analyzing and adjusting the composition of its
assets and liabilities based on their payment streams and interest rates, the timing of their maturities and their sensitivity to changes in market interest rates. Additionally, in the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp enters into certain
derivative transactions as part of its overall strategy to manage its interest rate and prepayment risks. The Bancorp is also exposed to the risk of losses on its loan and lease portfolio as a result of changing expected cash flows caused by loan
defaults and inadequate collateral due to a weakening economy within the Bancorp’s footprint. 

Net interest income, net
interest margin, net interest rate spread and the efficiency ratio are presented in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on an FTE basis. The FTE basis adjusts for the tax-favored status of
income from certain loans and securities held by the Bancorp that are not taxable for federal income tax 

 purposes. The Bancorp believes this presentation to be the preferred industry measurement of net interest income as it provides a relevant comparison
between taxable and non-taxable amounts. 

Noninterest income is derived primarily from electronic funds transfer
(“EFT”) and merchant transaction processing fees, card interchange, fiduciary and investment management fees, corporate banking revenue, service charges on deposits and mortgage banking revenue. Noninterest expense is primarily driven by
personnel costs and occupancy expenses in addition to expenses incurred in the processing of credit and debit card transactions for its customers and merchant and financial institution clients. 

On November 2, 2007, the Bancorp completed its acquisition of R-G Crown Bank (“Crown”), a subsidiary of R&G Financial
Corporation, with $2.8 billion in assets and $1.7 billion in deposits located in Florida and Augusta, Georgia. As of December 31, 2007, the Bancorp’s Florida affiliates have 141 full-service locations, of which 28 were acquired as part of
the Crown acquisition. Additionally, the 3 Crown banking centers in Augusta allowed the Bancorp to enter the state of Georgia. 

On August 16, 2007, the Bancorp announced an agreement to acquire First Charter Corporation (“First Charter”), which operates 57 banking centers in North Carolina and 2 in suburban Atlanta. The acquisition is awaiting
regulatory approval with a planned close in the second quarter of 2008. 

Earnings Summary 

The Bancorp’s net income was $1.1 billion or $1.99 per diluted share in 2007, a nine percent decrease compared to $1.2 billion and $2.13 per diluted
share in 2006. Current year results were impacted by a $177 million charge to lower the current cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s bank-owned life insurance (“BOLI”) policies. The BOLI charge reflected a decrease in cash
surrender value due to declines in value of the policies underlying investments due to significant disruptions in the financial markets and widening credit spreads. This charge reflected an additional $22 million recorded subsequent to the
Bancorp’s issuance of fourth quarter of 2007 earnings. Current year results were also impacted by provision for loan and lease losses of $628 million, an increase of $285 million over 2006. The increased provision for loan and lease losses was
a result of the deteriorating credit environment discussed further in the Risk Management section. 

Net interest income
(FTE) increased five percent compared to 2006. Net interest margin increased to 3.36% in 2007 from 3.06% in 2006 largely due to the balance sheet actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2006. See Comparison of 2006 with 2005 section for specific
balance sheet actions taken. 

Noninterest income increased 23% compared to 2006. Noninterest income in 2007 reflects the
impact of the previously mentioned $177 million BOLI charge, while the 2006 results included $415 million in losses related to fourth quarter balance sheet actions. Excluding these items, noninterest income increased nine percent compared to 2006
with growth in electronic payment processing, service charges on deposits and corporate banking revenue offset by lower mortgage banking net revenue. 

Noninterest expense increased 14% compared to 2006. Noninterest expense in 2007 included $172 million in charges related to the Bancorp’s indemnification of estimated current and future Visa Inc.
(“Visa”) litigation settlements and $8 million of acquisition-related costs, while 2006 results included $49 million in charges related to the termination of debt and other financing agreements. Excluding these items, noninterest expense
increased nine percent resulting from volume-based transaction growth in 

Fifth Third Bancorp    19 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 payment processing, higher technology related expenses reflecting infrastructure upgrades and higher occupancy expense from continued de novo growth.

The Bancorp maintains a conservative approach to both lending and investing activities as it does not originate or hold
subprime loans, nor does it hold collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”) or asset-backed securities backed by subprime loans in its securities portfolio. However, the Bancorp has exposure to the housing markets, which weakened
considerably during 2007, particularly in the upper Midwest and Florida. Consequently, net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases were 61 basis points (“bp”) in 2007 compared to 44 bp in 2006. At December 31, 2007,
nonperforming assets as a percent of loans and leases increased to 1.32% from .61% at December 31, 2006. 

The
Bancorp’s capital ratios exceed the “well-capitalized” guidelines as defined by the Board of Governors 

 of the Federal Reserve System (“FRB”). As of December 31, 2007, the Tier I capital ratio was 7.72% and the total risk-based capital ratio
was 10.16%. The Bancorp had senior debt ratings of “Aa3” with Moody’s, “A+” with Standard & Poor’s, “AA-” with Fitch and “AAL” with DBRS at December 31, 2007, which indicate the
Bancorp’s strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. The “well-capitalized” capital ratios, along with strong credit ratings, provide the Bancorp with access to the capital markets. 

The Bancorp continues to invest in the geographic areas that offer the best growth prospects through acquisitions and de novo expansion,
while at the same time meeting the banking needs of our existing communities through a well-distributed banking center network. During 2007, the Bancorp opened 77 additional banking centers. In 2008, banking center expansion will be focused in high
growth markets, such as Florida, Chicago, Tennessee, Georgia and North Carolina. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

 In July 2006, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Staff Position (“FSP”) No. FAS 13-2, “Accounting for a Change or Projected Change in the Timing of Cash Flows Relating to Income Taxes Generated by a Leveraged Lease
Transaction.” This FSP was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. Upon adoption of this FSP on January 1, 2007, the Bancorp recognized an after-tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $96 million
representing the cumulative effect of applying the provisions of this FSP. 

In July 2006, the FASB issued Interpretation
(“FIN”) No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes – An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109.” This Interpretation clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in accordance with
FASB Statement 

 No. 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes.” This Interpretation also prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return. This Interpretation was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. Upon adoption of this Interpretation on January 1, 2007, the Bancorp recognized an after-tax adjustment to beginning retained
earnings of $2 million representing the cumulative effect of applying the provisions of this Interpretation. 

See Note 1 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on these standards along with a description other recently issued accounting pronouncements 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

 Allowance for Loan and
Lease Losses 

The Bancorp maintains an allowance to absorb probable loan and lease losses inherent in the portfolio. The allowance
is maintained at a level the Bancorp considers to be adequate and is based on ongoing quarterly assessments and evaluations of the collectibility and historical loss experience of loans and leases. Credit losses are charged and recoveries are
credited to the allowance. Provisions for loan and lease losses are based on the Bancorp’s review of the historical credit loss experience and such factors that, in management’s judgment, deserve consideration under existing economic
conditions in estimating probable credit losses. In determining the appropriate level of the allowance, the Bancorp estimates losses using a range derived from “base” and “conservative” estimates. The Bancorp’s strategy for
credit risk management includes a combination of conservative exposure limits significantly below legal lending limits and conservative underwriting, documentation and collections standards. The strategy also emphasizes diversification on a
geographic, industry and customer level, regular credit examinations and quarterly management reviews of large credit exposures and loans experiencing deterioration of credit quality. 

Larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weakness are subject to individual review. When individual loans are
impaired, allowances are allocated based on management’s estimate of the borrower’s ability to repay the loan given the availability of collateral and other sources of cash flow, as well as an evaluation of legal options available to the
Bancorp. The review of individual loans includes those loans that are impaired as provided in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 114, “Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan.” Any allowances
for impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or the fair value of the underlying collateral. The Bancorp evaluates the collectibility of both

 principal and interest
when assessing the need for a loss accrual. Historical loss rates are applied to commercial loans which are not impaired and thus not subject to specific allowance allocations. The loss rates are derived from a migration analysis, which tracks the
historical net charge-off experience sustained on loans according to their internal risk grade. The risk grading system currently utilized for allowance analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. 

Homogenous loans and leases, such as consumer installment and residential mortgage, are not individually risk graded. Rather, standard
credit scoring systems and delinquency monitoring are used to assess credit risks. Allowances are established for each pool of loans based on the expected net charge-offs. Loss rates are based on the average net charge-off history by loan category.

Historical loss rates for commercial and consumer loans may be adjusted for significant factors that, in management’s
judgment, are necessary to reflect losses inherent in the portfolio. Factors that management considers in the analysis include the effects of the national and local economies; trends in the nature and volume of delinquencies, charge-offs and
nonaccrual loans; changes in mix; credit score migration comparisons; asset quality trends; risk management and loan administration; changes in the internal lending policies and credit standards; collection practices; and examination results from
bank regulatory agencies and the Bancorp’s internal credit examiners. 

The Bancorp’s current methodology for
determining the allowance for loan and lease losses is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on impaired commercial credits and other qualitative adjustments. Allowances on individual loans and historical loss
rates are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as necessary based on changing borrower and/or collateral conditions and actual collection and charge-off experience. An unallocated allowance is maintained to recognize 

20    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 the
imprecision in estimating and measuring loss when evaluating allowances for individual loans or pools of loans. 

Loans
acquired by the Bancorp through a purchase business combination are evaluated for credit impairment. Reductions to the carrying value of the acquired loans as a result of credit impairment are recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. The Bancorp does
not carry over the acquired company’s allowance for loan and lease losses, nor does the Bancorp add to its existing allowance for the acquired loans as part of purchase accounting. 

The Bancorp’s determination of the allowance for commercial loans is sensitive to the risk grade it assigns to these loans. In the
event that 10% of commercial loans in each risk category would experience a downgrade of one risk category, the allowance for commercial loans would increase by approximately $66 million at December 31, 2007. The Bancorp’s determination of
the allowance for residential and retail loans is sensitive to changes in estimated loss rates. In the event that estimated loss rates would increase by 10%, the allowance for residential and consumer loans would increase by approximately $35
million at December 31, 2007. As several quantitative and qualitative factors are considered in determining the allowance for loan and lease losses, these sensitivity analyses do not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes
in the allowance for loan and lease losses. They are intended to provide insights into the impact of adverse changes in risk grades and estimated loss rates and do not imply any expectation of future deterioration in the risk ratings or loss rates.
Given current processes employed by the Bancorp, management believes the risk grades and estimated loss rates currently assigned are appropriate. 

The Bancorp’s primary market areas for lending are the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United States. When evaluating the adequacy of allowances, consideration is given to these regional geographic
concentrations and the closely associated effect changing economic conditions have on the Bancorp’s customers. 

In the
current year, the Bancorp has not substantively changed any material aspect of its overall approach to determining its allowance for loan and lease losses. There have been no material changes in criteria or estimation techniques as compared to prior
periods that impacted the determination of the current period allowance for loan and lease losses. 

Valuation of Securities 

Securities are classified as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale or trading on the date of purchase. Only those securities classified as
held-to-maturity are reported at amortized cost. Available-for-sale and trading securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of related deferred income taxes, on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets and noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income, respectively. The fair value of a security is determined based on quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined
based on quoted prices of similar instruments. Realized securities gains or losses are reported within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method.
Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities are reviewed quarterly for possible other-than-temporary impairment. The review includes an analysis of the facts and circumstances of each individual investment such as the severity of loss, the
length of time the fair value has been below cost, the expectation for that security’s performance, the creditworthiness of the issuer and the Bancorp’s intent and ability to hold the security to recovery. A decline in value that is
considered to be other-than-temporary is recorded as a loss within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. At December 31, 2007, 85% of the unrealized losses in the available-for-sale securities portfolio were comprised of

 securities issued by U.S.
Government sponsored agencies and agency mortgage-backed securities. The Bancorp believes the price movements in these securities are dependent upon the movement in market interest rates. The Bancorp’s management also maintains the intent and
ability to hold securities in an unrealized loss position to the earlier of the recovery of losses or maturity. 

Reserve for Unfunded
Commitments 

The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a level believed by management to be sufficient to absorb
estimated probable losses related to unfunded credit facilities. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon an evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, including an assessment of historical commitment utilization experience,
credit risk grading and credit grade migration. Net adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in other noninterest expense. 

Income Taxes 

The Bancorp estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax
jurisdictions in which the Bancorp conducts business. On a quarterly basis, management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate based upon its current estimate of the amount and components of net income, tax credits and the applicable
statutory tax rates expected for the full year. The estimated income tax expense is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined using the balance sheet method and are reported in accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Under this method, the net deferred
tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities and recognizes enacted changes in tax rates and laws. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent they exist and are
subject to a valuation allowance based on management’s judgment that realization is more-likely-than-not. 

Accrued
taxes represent the net estimated amount due to taxing jurisdictions and are reported in accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bancorp evaluates and assesses the relative risks and appropriate tax treatment of
transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other information and maintains tax accruals consistent with its evaluation of these relative risks and merits. Changes to the estimate of accrued
taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations being conducted by taxing authorities and changes to statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that impact the relative risks of tax
positions. These changes, when they occur, can affect deferred taxes and accrued taxes as well as the current period’s income tax expense and can be significant to the operating results of the Bancorp. As of January 1, 2007, the Bancorp
adopted FIN 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes.” Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact of adopting this Interpretation. As described in greater detail in Note 15 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, the Internal Revenue Service is currently challenging the Bancorp’s tax treatment of certain leasing transactions. For additional information on income taxes, see Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Valuation of Servicing Rights 

When the Bancorp sells loans through either securitizations or individual loan sales in accordance with its investment policies, it often obtains servicing rights. Servicing rights resulting from loan sales are
initially recorded at fair value and subsequently amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, estimated net servicing income. Servicing rights are assessed for impairment monthly, based on fair value, with temporary impairment recognized

Fifth Third Bancorp    21 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

through a valuation allowance and permanent impairment recognized through a write-off of the servicing asset and related valuation allowance. Key economic
assumptions used in measuring any potential impairment of the servicing rights include the prepayment speeds of the underlying loans, the weighted-average life, the discount rate, the weighted-average coupon and the weighted-average default rate, as
applicable. The primary risk of material changes to the value of the servicing rights resides in the potential volatility in the economic assumptions used, particularly the prepayment speeds. 

The Bancorp monitors risk and adjusts its valuation allowance as necessary to adequately reserve for any probable impairment in the
servicing portfolio. For purposes of measuring impairment, the servicing rights are stratified into classes based on the financial asset type and interest rates. Fees received for servicing loans owned by investors are based on a percentage of the
outstanding monthly principal balance of such loans and are included in noninterest income as loan payments are received. Costs of servicing loans are charged to expense as incurred. 

The change in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights (“MSRs”) at December 31, 2007, due to immediate 10% and 20%
adverse changes in the current prepayment assumption would be approximately $29 million and $56 million, 

respectively, and due to immediate 10% and 20% favorable changes in the current prepayment assumption would be approximately $32 million and $66 million,
respectively. The change in the fair value of the MSR portfolio at December 31, 2007, due to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in the discount rate assumption would be approximately $22 million and $42 million, respectively, and due to
immediate 10% and 20% favorable changes in the discount rate assumption would be approximately $24 million and $48 million, respectively. Sensitivity analysis related to other consumer and commercial servicing rights is not material to the
Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the figures indicate, changes in fair value based on a 10% and 20% variation in assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated
because the relationship of the change in assumptions to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, the effect of variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the interests that continue to be held by the transferor is calculated
without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. Additionally, the effect of the Bancorp’s non-qualifying hedging strategy, which is
maintained to lessen the impact of changes in value of the MSR portfolio, is excluded from the above analysis. 

RISK FACTORS 

 Weakness in the economy
and in the real estate market, including specific weakness within Fifth Third’s geographic footprint, has adversely affected Fifth Third and may continue to adversely affect Fifth Third. 

If the strength of the U.S. economy in general and the strength of the local economies in which Fifth Third conducts operations declines, or continues to
decline, this could result in, among other things, a deterioration in credit quality or a reduced demand for credit, including a resultant effect on Fifth Third’s loan portfolio and allowance for loan and lease losses. A significant portion of
Fifth Third’s residential mortgage and commercial real estate loan portfolios are comprised of borrowers in Michigan, Northern Ohio and Florida, which markets have been particularly adversely affected by job losses, declines in real estate
value, declines in home sale volumes, and declines in new home building. These factors could result in higher delinquencies and greater charge-offs in future periods, which would materially adversely affect Fifth Third’s financial condition and
results of operations. 

Deteriorating credit quality, particularly in real estate loans, has adversely impacted Fifth Third and may
continue to adversely impact Fifth Third. 

Fifth Third has experienced a downturn in credit performance, particularly in the fourth
quarter of 2007, and Fifth Third expects credit conditions and the performance of its loan portfolio to continue to deteriorate in the near term. This caused Fifth Third to increase its allowance for loan and lease losses in the fourth quarter of
2007, driven primarily by higher allocations related to home equity loans and commercial real estate loans. Additional increases in the allowance for loan and lease losses may be necessary in the future. Accordingly, a decrease in the quality of
Fifth Third’s credit portfolio could have a material adverse effect on earnings and results of operations. 

Fifth Third’s
results depend on general economic conditions within its operating markets. 

The revenues of FTPS are dependent on the transaction
volume generated by its merchant and financial institution customers. This transaction volume is largely dependent on consumer and corporate spending. If consumer confidence suffers and retail sales decline, FTPS will be negatively impacted.
Similarly, if an economic downturn results in a 

decrease in the overall volume of corporate transactions, FTPS will be negatively impacted. FTPS is also impacted by the financial stability of its merchant
customers. FTPS assumes certain contingent liabilities related to the processing of Visa®
 and MasterCard
®
 merchant card
transactions. These liabilities typically arise from billing disputes between the merchant and the cardholder that are ultimately resolved in favor of the cardholder. These transactions are charged back to the merchant and disputed amounts are
returned to the cardholder. If FTPS is unable to collect these amounts from the merchant, FTPS will bear the loss. 

The fee
revenue of Investment Advisors is largely dependent on the fair market value of assets under care and trading volumes in the brokerage business. General economic conditions and their effect on the securities markets tend to act in correlation. When
general economic conditions deteriorate, consumer and corporate confidence in securities markets erodes, and Investment Advisors’ revenues are negatively impacted as asset values and trading volumes decrease. Neutral economic conditions can
also negatively impact revenue when stagnant securities markets fail to attract investors. 

Changes in interest rates could affect
Fifth Third’s income and cash flows. 

Fifth Third’s income and cash flows depend to a great extent on the difference
between the interest rates earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and investment securities, and the interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors that
are beyond Fifth Third’s control, including general economic conditions and the policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies (in particular, the FRB). Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, will influence
the origination of loans, the prepayment speed of loans, the purchase of investments, the generation of deposits and the rates received on loans and investment securities and paid on deposits or other sources of funding. The impact of these changes
may be magnified if Fifth Third does not effectively manage the relative sensitivity of its assets and liabilities to changes in market interest rates. Fluctuations in these areas may adversely affect Fifth Third and its shareholders.

22    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Fifth Third’s ability to maintain required capital levels and adequate sources of funding and liquidity. 

Fifth Third is required to maintain certain capital levels in accordance with banking regulations. Fifth Third must also maintain adequate funding sources
in the normal course of business to support its operations and fund outstanding liabilities. Fifth Third’s ability to maintain capital levels, sources of funding and liquidity could be impacted by changes in the capital markets in which it
operates. 

Each of Fifth Third’s subsidiary banks must remain well-capitalized for Fifth Third to retain its status as
a financial holding company. In addition, failure by Fifth Third’s bank subsidiaries to meet applicable capital guidelines could subject the bank to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities. These
include limitations on the ability to pay dividends, the issuance by the regulatory authority of a capital directive to increase capital, and the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC. 

Changes and trends in the capital markets may affect Fifth Third’s income and cash flows. 

Fifth Third enters into and maintains trading and investment positions in the capital markets on its own behalf and on behalf of its customers. These investment positions also include derivative financial instruments.
The revenues and profits Fifth Third derives from its trading and investment positions are dependent on market prices. If it does not correctly anticipate market changes and trends, Fifth Third may experience investment or trading losses that may
materially affect Fifth Third and its shareholders. Losses on behalf of its customers could expose Fifth Third to litigation, credit risks or loss of revenue from those customers. Additionally, substantial losses in Fifth Third’s trading and
investment positions could lead to a loss with respect to those investments and may adversely affect cash flows and funding costs. 

If
Fifth Third does not adjust to rapid changes in the financial services industry, its financial performance may suffer. 

Fifth
Third’s ability to deliver strong financial performance and returns on investment to shareholders will depend in part on its ability to expand the scope of available financial services to meet the needs and demands of its customers. In addition
to the challenge of competing against other banks in attracting and retaining customers for traditional banking services, Fifth Third’s competitors also include securities dealers, brokers, mortgage bankers, investment advisors, specialty
finance and insurance companies who seek to offer one-stop financial services that may include services that banks have not been able or allowed to offer to their customers in the past or may not be currently able or allowed to offer. This
increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result of changes in regulation, changes in technology and product delivery systems, as well as the accelerating pace of consolidation among financial service providers. 

The preparation of Fifth Third’s financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results. 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements. Two of Fifth Third’s most critical estimates are the level of the allowance for loan and lease losses and the valuation of mortgage servicing rights. Due to the
inherent nature of these estimates, Fifth Third cannot provide absolute assurance that it will not significantly increase the allowance for loan and lease losses and/or sustain credit losses that are significantly higher than the provided allowance,
nor that it will not recognize a 

significant provision for impairment of its mortgage servicing rights. If Fifth Third’s allowance for loan and lease losses is not adequate, Fifth
Third’s business, financial condition, including its liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, in the future, Fifth Third may increase its allowance for loan and lease losses, which
could have a material adverse effect on its capital and results of operations. For more information on the sensitivity of these estimates, please refer to the Critical Accounting Policies section. 

Fifth Third regularly reviews its litigation reserves for adequacy considering its litigation risks and probability of incurring losses
related to litigation. However, Fifth Third cannot be certain that its current litigation reserves will be adequate over time to cover its losses in litigation due to higher than anticipated settlement costs, prolonged litigation, adverse judgments,
or other factors that are largely outside of Fifth Third’s control. If Fifth Third’s litigation reserves are not adequate, Fifth Third’s business, financial condition, including its liquidity and capital, and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. Additionally, in the future, Fifth Third may increase its litigation reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on its capital and results of operations. 

Changes in accounting standards could impact Fifth Third’s reported earnings and financial condition. 

The accounting standard setters, including FASB, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and other regulatory bodies, periodically
change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of Fifth Third’s consolidated financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how Fifth Third records and reports its
financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, Fifth Third could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which would result in the restatement of Fifth Third’s prior period financial statements. 

Legislative or regulatory compliance, changes or actions or significant litigation, could adversely impact Fifth Third or the businesses in which
Fifth Third is engaged. 

Fifth Third is subject to extensive state and federal regulation, supervision and legislation that govern
almost all aspects of its operations and limit the businesses in which Fifth Third may engage. These laws and regulations may change from time to time and are primarily intended for the protection of consumers, depositors and the deposit insurance
funds. The impact of any changes to laws and regulations or other actions by regulatory agencies may negatively impact Fifth Third or its ability to increase the value of its business. Additionally, actions by regulatory agencies or significant
litigation against Fifth Third could cause it to devote significant time and resources to defending itself and may lead to penalties that materially affect Fifth Third and its shareholders. Future changes in the laws, including tax laws, or
regulations or their interpretations or enforcement may also be materially adverse to Fifth Third and its shareholders or may require Fifth Third to expend significant time and resources to comply with such requirements. 

Fifth Third and/or the holders of its securities could be adversely affected by unfavorable ratings from rating agencies. 

Fifth Third’s ability to access the capital markets is important to its overall funding profile. This access is affected by the ratings assigned by
rating agencies to Fifth Third, certain of its affiliates and particular classes of securities they issue. The interest rates that Fifth Third pays on its securities are also influenced by, among other things, the credit ratings that it, its
affiliates and/or its securities receive from recognized rating agencies. A 

Fifth Third Bancorp    23 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

downgrade to Fifth Third’s, or its affiliates’, credit rating could affect its ability to access the capital markets, increase its borrowing costs
and negatively impact its profitability. A ratings downgrade to Fifth Third, its affiliates or their securities could also create obligations or liabilities to Fifth Third under the terms of its outstanding securities that could increase Fifth
Third’s costs or otherwise have a negative effect on Fifth Third’s results of operations or financial condition. Additionally, a downgrade of the credit rating of any particular security issued by Fifth Third or its affiliates could
negatively affect the ability of the holders of that security to sell the securities and the prices at which any such securities may be sold. 

Fifth Third’s stock price is volatile. 

Fifth Third’s stock price has been volatile in the past and several
factors could cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the future. These factors include: 

 •

 Actual or anticipated variations in earnings; 

 •

 Changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections; 

 •

 Fifth Third’s announcements of developments related to its businesses; 

 •

 Operating and stock performance of other companies deemed to be peers; 

 •

 Actions by government regulators; 

 •

 New technology used or services offered by traditional and non-traditional competitors; and 

 •

 News reports of trends, concerns and other issues related to the financial services industry. 

Fifth Third’s stock price may fluctuate significantly in the future, and these fluctuations may be unrelated to Fifth Third’s performance.
General market price declines or market volatility in the future could adversely affect the price of its common stock, and the current market price of such stock may not be indicative of future market prices. 

Fifth Third could suffer if it fails to attract and retain skilled personnel. 

As Fifth Third continues to grow, its success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key individuals. Competition for qualified candidates in the activities and markets that
Fifth Third serves is great and Fifth Third may not be able to hire these candidates and retain them. If Fifth Third is not able to hire or retain these key individuals, Fifth Third may be unable to execute its business strategies and may suffer
adverse consequences to its business, operations and financial condition. 

If Fifth Third is unable to grow its deposits, it may be
subject to paying higher funding costs. 

The total amount that Fifth Third pays for funding costs is dependent, in part, on Fifth
Third’s ability to grow its deposits. If Fifth Third is unable to sufficiently grow its deposits, it may be subject to paying higher funding costs. This could materially adversely affect Fifth Third’s earnings and results of operations.

Fifth Third’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries accounts for most of its revenue and could affect its liquidity
and ability to pay dividends. 

Fifth Third Bancorp is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiaries. Fifth Third
Bancorp receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends from its subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on Fifth Third Bancorp’s stock and interest and principal on its debt. Various federal
and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that Fifth Third’s bank and certain nonbank subsidiaries may pay. Also, Fifth Third Bancorp’s right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary’s
liquidation or reorganization is subject to the 

prior claims of that subsidiary’s creditors. Limitations on Fifth Third Bancorp’s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries could have a
material adverse effect on Fifth Third Bancorp’s liquidity and ability to pay dividends on stock or interest and principal on its debt. 

Future acquisitions may dilute current shareholders’ ownership of Fifth Third and may cause Fifth Third to become more susceptible to adverse economic events. 

Future business acquisitions could be material to Fifth Third and it may issue additional shares of common stock to pay for those acquisitions, which would dilute current shareholders’
ownership interests. Acquisitions also could require Fifth Third to use substantial cash or other liquid assets or to incur debt. In those events, Fifth Third could become more susceptible to economic downturns and competitive pressures. 

Difficulties in combining the operations of acquired entities with Fifth Third’s own operations may prevent Fifth Third from achieving the
expected benefits from its acquisitions. 

Inherent uncertainties exist when integrating the operations of an acquired entity. Fifth
Third may not be able to fully achieve its strategic objectives and planned operating efficiencies in an acquisition. In addition, the markets and industries in which Fifth Third and its potential acquisition targets operate are highly competitive.
Fifth Third may lose customers or the customers of acquired entities as a result of an acquisition. Future acquisition and integration activities may require Fifth Third to devote substantial time and resources and as a result Fifth Third may not be
able to pursue other business opportunities. 

After completing an acquisition, Fifth Third may find certain items are not
accounted for properly in accordance with financial accounting and reporting standards. Fifth Third may also not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition due to lower financial results pertaining to the acquired entity. For example, Fifth
Third could experience higher charge offs than originally anticipated related to the acquired loan portfolio. 

Material breaches in
security of Fifth Third’s systems may have a significant effect on Fifth Third’s business. 

Fifth Third collects,
processes and stores sensitive consumer data by utilizing computer systems and telecommunications networks operated by both Fifth Third and third party service providers. Fifth Third has security, backup and recovery systems in place, as well as a
business continuity plan to ensure the system will not be inoperable. Fifth Third also has security to prevent unauthorized access to the system. In addition, Fifth Third requires its third party service providers to maintain similar controls.
However, Fifth Third cannot be certain that the measures will be successful. A security breach in the system and loss of confidential information such as credit card numbers and related information could result in losing the customers’
confidence and thus the loss of their business. 

Fifth Third is exposed to operational and reputational risk. 

Fifth Third is exposed to many types of operational risk, including reputational risk, legal and compliance risk, the risk of fraud or theft by employees,
customers or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors. 

Negative public opinion can result
from Fifth Third’s actual or alleged conduct in activities, such as lending practices, data security, corporate governance and acquisitions, and may damage Fifth Third’s reputation. Additionally, actions taken by government regulators and
community organizations may also damage Fifth Third’s reputation. This negative public opinion can adversely affect Fifth Third’s ability to attract and keep customers and can expose it to litigation and regulatory action.

24    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Fifth Third’s necessary dependence upon automated systems to record and process its transaction volume poses the risk that technical system flaws or
employee errors, tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses and may be difficult to detect. Fifth Third may also be subject to disruptions of its operating systems arising from events that are beyond its control (for example,
computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages). Fifth Third is further exposed to the risk that its third party service providers may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or
operational errors as Fifth Third). These disruptions may interfere with service to Fifth Third’s customers and result in a financial loss or liability. 

If Visa is unable to consummate its initial public offering on the terms currently contemplated, Fifth Third will not receive expected proceeds from such offering. 

In the third and fourth quarters of 2007, Fifth Third incurred non-cash charges of $78 million and $94 million pretax, respectively, and created a $172
million litigation reserve, 

related to Fifth Third’s potential share of estimated current and future litigation settlements that may be incurred due to Fifth Third being a member
of Visa. Visa has announced plans for an initial public offering and to fund litigation settlements from an escrow account to be funded by such initial public offering. If that occurs, Fifth Third expects that it will be able to reverse the
litigation reserve and record any gains that Fifth Third might receive as a selling stockholder in Visa’s proposed initial public offering. Visa filed a registration statement with the SEC on November 9, 2007 to sell its common stock in an
initial public offering. However, there are no assurances that Visa will be able to complete an initial public offering on the terms currently contemplated by its registration statement or at all. If the number of shares or the price per share of
Visa’s offering is less than Visa currently anticipates selling or if the Visa offering is not completed, Fifth Third could be materially adversely affected and may not realize proceeds sufficient to cover the indemnity liabilities Fifth Third
accrued relating to Visa in 2007 in respect of third-party litigation. 

STATEMENTS OF INCOME ANALYSIS 

 Net Interest Income

Net interest income is the interest earned on debt securities, loans and leases (including yield-related fees) and other
interest-earning assets less the interest paid for core deposits (which includes transaction deposits plus other time deposits) and wholesale funding (which includes certificates $100,000 and over, other foreign office deposits, federal funds
purchased, short-term borrowings and long-term debt). The net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets. Net interest spread is the difference between the average rate earned on interest-earning
assets and the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is greater than net interest rate spread due to the interest income earned on those assets that are funded by non-interest bearing liabilities, or free funding,
such as demand deposits or shareholders’ equity. 

Net interest income (FTE) increased five percent, or $134 million, to
$3.0 billion as a result of an increase in the net interest margin of 30 bp to 3.36%. The net interest margin improved as a result of the fourth quarter 2006 balance sheet actions which reduced the size of the Bancorp’s available-for-sale
securities portfolio to a size that was more consistent with its liquidity, collateral and interest rate risk management requirements; improved the composition of the balance sheet with a lower concentration of fixed-rate assets;

lowered wholesale borrowings to reduce leverage; and better positioned the Bancorp for an uncertain economic and interest rate environment. Specifically,
these actions included (i) the sale of $11.3 billion in available-for-sale securities with a weighted-average yield of 4.30%; (ii) reinvestment of approximately $2.8 billion in available-for-sale securities that were more efficient when
used as collateral; (iii) repayment of $8.5 billion in wholesale borrowings at an average rate paid of 5.30%; and (iv) the termination of approximately $1.1 billion of repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements. The sale of investment
securities and the corresponding repayment of wholesale funding added approximately 35 bp to the 2007 net interest margin. 

The benefits of these balance sheet actions were partially offset by the 12% decline in the Bancorp’s free funding position in 2007. The decline primarily resulted from the increase in the average balance of other assets as well as the
use of $1.1 billion to repurchase approximately 27 million shares during 2007. The average balance of other assets increased due to a $386 million deposit made with the Internal Revenue Service relating to leveraged lease litigation and
increases in partnership investments. Refer to Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion about the Bancorp’s leveraged lease litigation. 

 TABLE 3: CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except per share data)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Interest income (FTE)

$6,051

5,981

5,026

4,150

4,030

 Interest expense

3,018

3,082

2,030

1,102

1,086

 Net interest income (FTE)

3,033

2,899

2,996

3,048

2,944

 Provision for loan and lease losses

628

343

330

268

399

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses (FTE)

2,405

2,556

2,666

2,780

2,545

 Noninterest income

2,467

2,012

2,374

2,355

2,398

 Noninterest expense

3,311

2,915

2,801

2,863

2,466

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes, minority interest and cumulative effect (FTE)

1,561

1,653

2,239

2,273

2,477

 Fully taxable equivalent adjustment

24

26

31

36

39

 Applicable income taxes

461

443

659

712

786

 Income from continuing operations before minority interest and cumulative effect

1,076

1,184

1,549

1,525

1,652

 Minority interest, net of tax

-

-

-

-

(20)

 Income from continuing operations before cumulative effect

1,076

1,184

1,549

1,525

1,632

 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax

-

-

-

-

44

 Income before cumulative effect

1,076

1,184

1,549

1,525

1,676

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

4

-

-

(11)

 Net income

$1,076

1,188

1,549

1,525

1,665

 Earnings per share, basic

$2.00

2.14

2.79

2.72

2.91

 Earnings per share, diluted

1.99

2.13

2.77

2.68

2.87

 Cash dividends declared per common share

1.70

1.58

1.46

1.31

1.13

Fifth Third Bancorp    25 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 4: CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS AND ANALYSIS OF NET INTEREST INCOME (FTE)

 For the years ended December 31

2007

 2006

 2005

 ($ in millions)

AverageBalance

 Revenue/

Cost

AverageYield/Rate

AverageBalance

Revenue/Cost

AverageYield/Rate

 Average

Balance

 Revenue/

Cost

AverageYield/Rate

 Assets

 Interest-earning assets:

 Loans and leases (a):

 Commercial loans

$22,351

$1,639

7.33

%

$20,504

$1,479

7.21

%

$18,310

$1,063

5.81

%

 Commercial mortgage

11,078

801

7.23

9,797

700

7.15

8,923

551

6.17

 Commercial construction

5,661

421

7.44

6,015

460

7.64

5,525

342

6.19

 Commercial leases

3,683

158

4.29

3,730

185

4.97

3,495

179

5.11

 Subtotal - commercial

42,773

3,019

7.06

40,046

2,824

7.05

36,253

2,135

5.89

 Residential mortgage

10,489

642

6.13

9,574

568

5.94

8,982

495

5.51

 Home equity

11,887

897

7.54

12,070

900

7.45

11,228

683

6.08

 Automobile loans

10,704

675

6.30

9,570

552

5.77

8,649

455

5.26

 Credit card

1,276

132

10.39

838

99

11.84

728

81

11.13

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,219

65

5.29

1,395

68

4.87

1,897

81

4.27

 Subtotal - consumer

35,575

2,411

6.78

33,447

2,187

6.54

31,484

1,795

5.70

 Total loans and leases

78,348

5,430

6.93

73,493

5,011

6.82

67,737

3,930

5.80

 Securities:

 Taxable

11,131

566

5.08

20,306

904

4.45

24,017

1,032

4.30

 Exempt from income taxes (a)

499

36

7.29

604

45

7.38

789

58

7.39

 Other short-term investments

364

19

5.33

378

21

5.52

193

6

2.89

 Total interest-earning assets

90,342

6,051

6.70

94,781

5,981

6.31

92,736

5,026

5.42

 Cash and due from banks

2,315

2,495

2,758

 Other assets

10,613

8,713

8,102

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

(793)

(751)

(720)

 Total assets

$102,477

$105,238

$102,876

 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

 Interest-bearing liabilities:

 Interest-bearing core deposits:

 Interest checking

$14,820

$318

2.14

%

$16,650

$398

2.39

%

$18,884

$314

1.66

%

 Savings

14,836

456

3.07

12,189

363

2.98

10,007

176

1.76

 Money market

6,308

269

4.26

6,366

261

4.10

5,170

140

2.71

 Foreign office deposits

1,762

73

4.15

732

29

3.93

248

6

2.59

 Other time deposits

10,778

495

4.59

10,500

433

4.12

8,491

263

3.09

 Total interest-bearing core deposits

48,504

1,611

3.32

46,437

1,484

3.20

42,800

899

2.10

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

6,466

328

5.07

5,795

278

4.80

4,001

129

3.22

 Other foreign office deposits

1,393

68

4.91

2,979

148

4.97

3,719

120

3.21

 Federal funds purchased

3,646

184

5.04

4,148

208

5.02

4,225

138

3.26

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

-

-

-

-

248

6

2.60

 Other short-term borrowings

3,244

140

4.32

4,522

194

4.28

5,038

138

2.74

 Long-term debt

12,505

687

5.50

14,247

770

5.40

16,384

600

3.66

 Total interest-bearing liabilities

75,758

3,018

3.98

78,128

3,082

3.94

76,415

2,030

2.66

 Demand deposits

13,261

13,741

13,868

 Other liabilities

3,875

3,558

3,276

 Total liabilities

92,894

95,427

93,559

 Shareholders’ equity

9,583

9,811

9,317

 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

$102,477

$105,238

$102,876

 Net interest income

$3,033

$2,899

$2,996

 Net interest margin

3.36

%

3.06

%

3.23

%

 Net interest rate spread

2.72

2.37

2.76

 Interest-bearing liabilities to interest-earning assets

83.86

82.43

82.40

 (a)

 The fully taxable-equivalent adjustments included in the above table are $24 million, $26 million and $31 million for the years ended December 31, 2007,
2006 and 2005, respectively. 

 Average loans and leases increased seven percent, or $4.9 billion. The growth in average loans and leases in 2007 outpaced core deposit growth by $3.3 billion. This funding shortfall was more
than offset by a $9.3 billion reduction in the average securities portfolio. 

Average consumer loan and lease yields
increased 24 bp, with growth driven by automobile loan and other consumer loan and lease yields. The interest rate on automobile loans increased 53 bp from 5.77% in 2006 to 6.30% in 2007. The increase in yield was due to increased pricing across the
industry and a shift in the automobile portfolio to a higher percentage of used automobiles. The increase of 42 bp in the other consumer loan and lease yields was caused by the continued run-off of the consumer lease portfolio. 

Interest expense on wholesale funding decreased 12%, or $191 million, to $1.4 billion due to a 14% decline in average balances. This
decrease was the result of reductions in average balances of other foreign office deposits and long-term debt. 

 The cost of interest-bearing core deposits increased 12 bp to 3.32%, up from 3.20% in 2006. During 2007, the Bancorp continued to adjust
its consumer deposit rates. The Bancorp’s strategy in adjusting rates is to move away from promotional rates towards highly competitive daily rates. This strategy resulted in an increased cost of interest-bearing core deposits as account
balances migrate from interest checking to higher yielding accounts, such as savings and time deposits. During 2007, interest checking accounts comprised 31% of interest-bearing core deposits compared to 36% during 2006. During the third quarter of
2007, the Bancorp reclassified certain foreign office deposits as transaction deposits. The interest rates paid on these accounts are comparable to other commercial deposit accounts. Refer to the Deposits section for more information on this
reclassification. 

26    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 5: CHANGES IN NET INTEREST INCOME (FTE) ATTRIBUTED TO VOLUME AND YIELD/RATE
 (a)

 For the years ended December 31

2007 Compared to 2006

2006 Compared to 2005

 ($ in millions)

Volume

Yield/Rate

Total

Volume

Yield/Rate

Total

 Assets

 Increase (decrease) in interest income:

 Loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

$135

25

160

136

280

416

 Commercial mortgage

93

8

101

57

92

149

 Commercial construction

(27)

(12)

(39)

32

86

118

 Commercial leases

(2)

(25)

(27)

11

(5)

6

 Subtotal - commercial

199

(4)

195

236

453

689

 Residential mortgage

56

18

74

34

39

73

 Home equity

(14)

11

(3)

54

163

217

 Automobile loans

69

54

123

51

46

97

 Credit card

46

(13)

33

13

5

18

 Other consumer loans and leases

(9)

6

(3)

(23)

10

(13)

 Subtotal - consumer

148

76

224

129

263

392

 Total loans and leases

347

72

419

365

716

1,081

 Securities:

 Taxable

(452)

114

(338)

(164)

36

(128)

 Exempt from income taxes

(8)

(1)

(9)

(13)

-

(13)

 Other short-term investments

(1)

(1)

(2)

8

7

15

 Total interest-earning assets

(114)

184

70

196

759

955

 Cash and due from banks

 Other assets

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

 Total change in interest income

(114)

184

70

196

759

955

 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

 Increase (decrease) in interest expense:

 Interest-bearing core deposits:

 Interest checking

(41)

(39)

(80)

(41)

125

84

 Savings

81

12

93

45

142

187

 Money market

(2)

10

8

38

83

121

 Foreign office deposits

43

1

44

18

5

23

 Other time deposits

12

50

62

71

99

170

 Total interest-bearing core deposits

93

34

127

131

454

585

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

34

16

50

71

78

149

 Other foreign office deposits

(78)

(2)

(80)

(27)

55

28

 Federal funds purchased

(25)

1

(24)

(3)

73

70

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

-

(6)

-

(6)

 Other short-term borrowings

(55)

1

(54)

(15)

71

56

 Long-term debt

(97)

14

(83)

(86)

256

170

 Total interest-bearing liabilities

(128)

64

(64)

65

987

1,052

 Demand deposits

 Other liabilities

 Total change in interest expense

(128)

64

(64)

65

987

1,052

 Shareholders’ equity

 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity

 Total change in net interest income

$14

120

134

131

(228)

(97)

 (a)

 Changes in interest not solely due to volume or yield/rate are allocated in proportion to the absolute amount of change in volume or yield/rate.

 Interest income (FTE) from investment securities and short-term investments decreased $349 million to $621 million in 2007 compared to
2006 while the average yield on taxable securities increased 63 bp to 5.08% primarily due to the balance sheet actions in the fourth quarter of 2006. 

Table 4 presents the components of net interest income, net interest margin and net interest spread for 2007, 2006 and 2005. Nonaccrual loans and leases and loans held for sale have been included in the average loan
and lease balances. Average outstanding securities balances are based on amortized cost with any unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities included in other assets. Table 5 provides the relative impact of changes in the balance
sheet and changes in interest rates on net interest income. 

Provision for Loan and Lease Losses 

The Bancorp provides as an expense an amount for probable loan and lease losses within the loan portfolio that is based on factors previously discussed in
the Critical Accounting Policies section. The provision is recorded to bring the allowance for loan and lease losses to a level deemed appropriate by the Bancorp. Actual credit losses on loans and leases are charged against the allowance for loan
and lease losses. The amount of 

loans actually removed from the Consolidated Balance Sheets is referred to as charge-offs. Net charge-offs include current period charge-offs less recoveries
on previously charged-off loans and leases. 

The provision for loan and lease losses increased to $628 million in 2007
compared to $343 million in 2006. The $285 million increase from the prior year is related to an increase in delinquencies, increases in the severity of loss due to real estate price deterioration in some the Bancorp’s key lending markets, the
increase in automobile loans and credit card balances and a modest decline in economic conditions. As of December 31, 2007, the allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of loans and leases increased to 1.17% from 1.04% at
December 31, 2006. 

Refer to the Credit Risk Management section for more detailed information on the provision for loan
and lease losses including an analysis of loan portfolio composition, non-performing assets, net charge-offs, and other factors considered by the Bancorp in assessing the credit quality of the loan portfolio and the allowance for loan and lease
losses. 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    27 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 TABLE 6: NONINTEREST INCOME

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Electronic payment processing revenue

$826

717

622

521

509

 Service charges on deposits

579

517

522

515

485

 Investment advisory revenue

382

367

358

363

335

 Corporate banking revenue

367

318

299

228

241

 Mortgage banking net revenue

133

155

174

178

302

 Other noninterest income

153

299

360

587

442

 Securities gains (losses), net

21

(364)

39

(37)

81

 Securities gains, net – non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing
rights

6

3

-

-

3

 Total noninterest income

$2,467

2,012

2,374

2,355

2,398

Noninterest Income 

Total
noninterest income increased 23% compared to 2006 primarily due to the $415 million impact of the balance sheet actions in the fourth quarter of 2006 partially offset by a $177 million charge, taken in the fourth quarter of 2007, to reflect the
decline in the cash surrender value of one of the BOLI policies. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Bancorp’s BOLI 

policies. Excluding the impact of these charges, noninterest income increased nine percent over 2006. The components of noninterest income are shown in Table
6. 

Electronic payment processing revenue increased $109 million, or 15%, in 2007 as FTPS realized growth in each of its
three product lines. The components of electronic payment processing revenue are shown in Table 7. 

 TABLE 7: COMPONENTS OF ELECTRONIC PAYMENT PROCESSING REVENUE

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Merchant processing revenue

$308

255

224

 Financial institutions revenue

305

279

242

 Card issuer interchange

213

183

156

 Electronic payment processing revenue

$826

717

622

 Merchant processing revenue increased $53 million, or 21%, due to the continued addition of new national merchant customers and resulting
increases in merchant sales volumes. During 2007, the Bancorp signed large national merchant contracts with Walgreen Co., which converted during the year, and the U.S. Department of Treasury, a majority of which has been converted. These contracts
contributed 37% of the revenue growth in merchant processing revenue during 2007. Financial institutions revenue increased $26 million, or 10%, as a result of continued success in attracting financial institution customers and increased debit card
volumes associated with these customers. Card issuer interchange increased $30 million, or 16%, due to continued growth in debit and credit card volumes, of 11% and 29%, respectively, stemming from success in the Bancorp’s initiative in
expanding its card customer base. Growth in card issuer interchange revenue was slightly mitigated by the cost of bankcard cash rewards. The Bancorp continues to see significant opportunities in attracting new financial institution customers and
retailers. During 2007, the Bancorp processed over 26.7 billion transactions and handled electronic processing for over 2,500 financial institutions and over 155,000 merchant locations worldwide. 

Service charges on deposits increased 12% compared to 2006. The increase was primarily driven by consumer deposit service charges, which
increased 18% in 2007. The number of net new consumer checking accounts increased 49% during 2007 compared to 2006. Growth in the number of customer deposit account relationships and deposit generation continues to be a primary focus of the Bancorp.

Commercial deposit revenues increased five percent compared to the prior year. Commercial deposit revenues are offset by
earnings credits on compensating balances. Net earnings credits were $64 million and $63 million for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. Commercial customers receive earnings credits to offset the fees charged for banking
services on their deposit accounts such as account maintenance, lockbox, ACH transactions, wire transfers and other ancillary corporate treasury management services. Earnings credits are based on the customer’s average 

balance in qualifying deposits multiplied by the crediting rate. Qualifying deposits include demand deposits and interest-bearing checking accounts. The
Bancorp has a standard crediting rate that is adjusted as necessary based on competitive market conditions and changes in short-term interest rates. Earnings credits cannot be given in excess of the fees charged for banking services provided, and
the excess earnings credits may not be carried forward to future periods. Earnings credits are netted against gross service charges to arrive at commercial deposit revenue. 

Investment advisory revenues increased four percent in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to success in cross-sell initiatives within the private banking group and improved retail brokerage
performance. Private banking revenues increased $9 million, or seven percent, while institutional revenue and securities and brokerage revenue increased four percent and three percent, respectively, compared to 2006. These increases were partially
offset by a slight decline in mutual fund fees. The Bancorp continues to focus its sales efforts on improving execution in retail brokerage and retail mutual funds and on growing the institutional money management business by improving penetration
and cross-sell in its large middle-market commercial customer base. The Bancorp is one of the largest money managers in the Midwest and, as of December 31, 2007, had approximately $223.2 billion in assets under care, $33.4 billion in assets
under management and $13.4 billion in its proprietary Fifth Third Funds.* 

Corporate banking revenue increased $49 million,
or 15%, in 2007 compared to 2006. The Bancorp has placed an increased focus on broadening its suite of commercial products and has seen a positive return on its investment. The growth in corporate banking revenue was largely attributable to
increased institutional sales revenue, derivative product revenues, asset securitization and syndication fees, as well as increased letter of credit fees. The Bancorp is committed to providing a comprehensive range of financial services to large and
middle-market businesses and continues to further seek opportunities to expand its product offerings. 

Mortgage banking net
revenue decreased to $133 million in 

*FIFTH THIRD
FUNDS®
 PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE 

Fifth Third Funds investments are: NOT
INSURED BY THE FDIC or any other government agency, are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed by, any bank, the distributor or of the Funds any of their respective affiliates, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the
principal amount invested. 
An investor should consider the fund’s investment objectives, risks and charges and expenses carefully before investing or sending money. The Funds’ prospectus contains this and other important information
about the Funds. To obtain a prospectus or any other information about Fifth Third Funds, please call 1-800-282-5706 or visit www.53.com. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing

. 

Fifth Third Funds are
distributed by ALPS Distributors, Inc., member NASD, d/b/a FTAM Funds Distributor, Inc. ALPS Distributors, Inc. and FTAM Funds Distributor, Inc. are affiliated firms through direct ownership, although ALPS Distributors, Inc. and FTAM Funds
Distributor, Inc. are not affiliates of Fifth Third Bank. Fifth Third Asset Management, Inc. serves as Investment Adviser to Fifth Third Funds and receives a fee for its services
.

28    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

2007 from $155 million in 2006. The components of mortgage banking net revenue are shown in Table 8. Residential mortgage originations in 2007 were $11.9
billion compared to $9.4 billion in 2006. Despite the increase in originations, gains on loan sales decreased $13 million as a result of lower margins on sales of mortgages affected by widening credit spreads in the residential mortgage market
during 2007. 

 TABLE 8: COMPONENTS OF MORTGAGE BANKING NET REVENUE

 For the years ended
December 31

($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Origination fees and gains on loan sales

$79

92

128

 Servicing revenue:

 Servicing fees

145

121

109

 Servicing rights amortization

(92)

(68)

(73)

 Net valuation adjustments onservicing rights and free-standing derivatives entered into to economically hedge
MSR

1

10

10

 Net servicing revenue

54

63

46

 Mortgage banking net revenue

$133

155

174

Mortgage net servicing revenue decreased $9 million compared to 2006. Net servicing
revenue is comprised of gross servicing fees and related amortization as well as valuation adjustments on mortgage servicing rights and mark-to-market adjustments on both settled and outstanding free-standing derivative financial instruments.
Servicing fees increased compared to 2006 as a result of growth in the Bancorp’s portfolio of residential mortgage loans serviced. The Bancorp’s total residential mortgage loans serviced at December 31, 2007 and 2006 were $45.9
billion and $38.6 billion, respectively, with $34.5 billion and $28.7 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage loans serviced for others. Servicing rights amortization increased over the prior year due to an increase in MSRs and decreased
weighted-average life assumptions. 

Temporary impairment on the MSR portfolio was $22 million in 2007 compared to a recovery
in temporary impairment of $19 million in 2006. Servicing rights are deemed temporarily impaired when a borrower’s loan rate is distinctly higher than prevailing rates. Temporary impairment on servicing rights is reversed when the prevailing
rates return to a level commensurate with the borrower’s loan rate. Further detail on the valuation of mortgage servicing rights can be found in Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying
hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with the impact of changes in interest rates on the MSR portfolio. The Bancorp recognized a net gain of $23 million and a net loss of $9 million in 2007 and 2006, respectively, related to
changes in fair value and settlement of free-standing derivatives purchased to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the free-standing derivatives used to hedge
the MSR portfolio. In addition to the derivative positions used to economically hedge the MSR portfolio, the Bancorp acquires various securities (primarily principal-only strips) as a component of its non-qualifying hedging strategy. A gain of $6
million and $3 million was recognized in 2007 and 2006, respectively, related to the sale of securities used to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. 

Other noninterest income declined 48% compared to the prior year. The major components of other noninterest income for each of the last three years are shown in Table 9. The decrease was primarily attributable to the
previously mentioned $177 million charge taken in the fourth quarter of 2007 to lower the cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies. Exclusive of this charge, BOLI income totaled $71 million, a decrease of 16% compared to 2006
due to a lower crediting rate. Other noninterest income for the year ended 2007 included $23 million in gains on the sale of $144 

million non-strategic credit card accounts recorded in the gain on loan sales caption. Additionally, during 2007 the Bancorp recognized a $15 million gain
from the sale of FDIC deposit insurance credits, which were one-time assessment credits that the Bancorp was allocated in the FDIC Reform Act of 2005, offset by a $22 million loss due to the termination of cash flow hedges originally hedging $1.0
billion of auto loans classified as held for sale, both of which were recorded in the ‘Other’ line item in Table 9. Other noninterest income for the year ended 2006 included a $17 million loss in mark-to-market on free-standing derivatives
related to the balance sheet actions taken in the fourth quarter, captured in the ‘Other’ line item in Table 9. 

 TABLE 9: COMPONENTS OF OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME

 For the years ended
December 31

($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Bank owned life insurance

$(106)

86

91

 Cardholder fees

56

49

46

 Consumer loan and lease fees

46

47

50

 Insurance income

32

28

27

 Operating lease income

32

26

55

 Banking center fees

29

22

21

 Gain on loan sales

25

17

24

 Other

39

24

46

 Total other noninterest income

$153

299

360

The Bancorp recognized net securities gains of $21 million in 2007 compared to net
securities losses of $364 million in 2006. Securities losses in 2006 primarily consisted of losses resulting from balance sheet actions taken during the fourth quarter of 2006, partially offset by a $78 million gain from the sale of MasterCard, Inc.
shares. 

Noninterest Expense 

The Bancorp continued to focus on expense control during 2007. The Bancorp expects that cost savings initiatives will continue to be somewhat mitigated by investments in certain high opportunity markets as well as
continued volume-based expense growth in payments processing and an expected increase in FDIC insurance in 2008 due to the full utilization of FDIC insurance credits expected to occur in the first half of 2008. 

During 2007, the Bancorp continued its investment in the expansion of its retail distribution network and information technology
infrastructure. The efficiency ratio (noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income (FTE) and noninterest income) was 60.2% and 59.4% for 2007 and 2006, respectively. Noninterest expense for the year ended 2007 was impacted by a $78
million charge to record a liability for the Bancorp’s indemnification of Visa for the Visa/American Express litigation settlement that occurred in the third quarter of 2007 along with a fourth quarter accrual of $94 million for additional
outstanding Visa litigation settlements. See Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on this litigation. Additionally, the efficiency ratio was impacted by the previously mentioned $177 million charge to
noninterest income to lower the cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies. Excluding these charges, the efficiency ratio for 2007 was 55.3% (comparison being provided to supplement an understanding of fundamental trends).

Total noninterest expense increased 14% in 2007 compared to 2006. This comparison is impacted by the previously mentioned
Visa litigation accrual in 2007 and a $49 million charge related to the termination of debt and other financing agreements in 2006. Exclusive of these charges, total noninterest expense increased $267 million, or 10%, over 2006 primarily due to
increases in volume-related payment processing expenses, investments in information technology infrastructure and higher de novo related expenses. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    29 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 TABLE 10: NONINTEREST EXPENSE

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Salaries, wages and incentives

$1,239

1,174

1,133

1,018

1,031

 Employee benefits

278

292

283

261

240

 Net occupancy expense

269

245

221

185

159

 Payment processing expense

244

184

145

114

116

 Technology and communications

169

141

142

120

106

 Equipment expense

123

116

105

84

82

 Other noninterest expense

989

763

772

1,081

733

 Total noninterest expense

$3,311

2,915

2,801

2,863

2,467

 Efficiency ratio

60.2

%

59.4

52.1

53.0

46.2

Total personnel cost (salaries, wages and incentives plus employee benefits) increased three percent in 2007 compared to 2006, due to higher revenue-based
incentives and an increase in the number of employees. As of December 31, 2007, the Bancorp employed 22,678 employees, of which 6,349 were officers and 2,755 were part-time employees. Full time equivalent employees totaled 21,683 as of
December 31, 2007 compared to 21,362 as of December 31, 2006. 

Net occupancy expense increased 10% in 2007 over
2006 due to the addition of 46 banking centers, excluding 31 new banking centers added as a result of the Crown acquisition. The Bancorp remains focused on expanding its retail franchise through de novo growth with plans to open approximately 50 new
banking centers in 2008, in addition to 57 new banking centers as a result of the pending acquisition with First Charter. 

Payment processing expense includes third-party processing expenses, card management fees and other bankcard processing expenses. Payment processing expense increased 32% compared to last year due to increased processing volumes of 27% and
10% in the merchant and financial institutions businesses, respectively. Additionally, the increase in this caption reflects the conversion of national merchant contracts during the year. 

The major components of other noninterest expense for each of the last three years are shown in Table 11. Other noninterest expense
increased 30% in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to the previously mentioned Visa litigation settlement charges of $172 million, higher loan processing costs associated with collections activities, and volume-related increases in affordable
housing investments expense. Other noninterest expense also included $13 million in provision for unfunded commitments, recorded in the ‘Other’ line item in 

Table 11, an $11 million increase over the prior year. Marketing expense increased compared to the prior year as a result of the Bancorp’s new branding,
expansion into newer markets and increased advertising as a result of the Crown acquisition. 

 TABLE 11: COMPONENTS OF OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE

 For the years ended
December 31

($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Loan processing

$119

93

89

 Marketing

84

78

76

 Affordable housing investments

57

42

35

 Travel

54

52

54

 Postal and courier

52

49

50

 Intangible asset amortization

42

45

46

 Professional services fees

35

28

26

 Supplies

31

28

35

 Franchise and other taxes

23

30

37

 Operating lease

22

18

40

 Visa litigation accrual

172

-

-

 Debt termination

-

49

-

 Other

298

251

284

 Total other noninterest expense

$989

763

772

Applicable Income Taxes 

The Bancorp’s income from continuing operations before income taxes, applicable income tax expense and effective tax rate for each of the periods indicated are shown in Table 12. Applicable
income tax expense for all periods includes the benefit from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments and general business tax credits, partially offset by the effect of nondeductible expenses. The increase in the effective tax rate in 2007 was
a result of an after-tax BOLI charge of $177 million on a lower pretax income base. See Note 11 and Note 21 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

 TABLE 12: APPLICABLE INCOME TAXES

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Income from continuing operations before income taxes, minority interest and cumulative effect

$1,537

1,627

2,208

2,237

2,438

 Applicable income taxes

461

443

659

712

786

 Effective tax rate

30.0

%

27.2

29.9

31.8

32.3

 Comparison of 2006 with 2005 

Net income for the year ended 2006 was $1.2 billion or $2.13 per
diluted share, a 23% decrease compared to $1.5 billion and $2.77 per diluted share in 2005. The decrease in net income was primarily a result of the impact of the balance sheet actions announced and completed during the fourth quarter of 2006, which
resulted in a pretax loss of $454 million. Specifically, these balance sheet actions included: 

 •

 Sale of $11.3 billion in available-for-sale securities with a weighted-average yield of 4.30%; 

 •

 Reinvestment of approximately $2.8 billion in available-for-sale securities that are more efficient when used as collateral for pledging purposes;

 •

 Repayment of $8.5 billion in wholesale borrowings at a weighted-average rate paid of 5.30%; and 

 •

 Termination of approximately $1.1 billion of repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements. 

 These actions were taken to improve the asset/liability profile of the Bancorp and reduce the size of the Bancorp’s available-for-sale securities portfolio to a size that was more consistent
with its liquidity, collateral and interest rate risk management requirements; improve the composition of the balance sheet with a lower concentration in fixed-rate assets; lower wholesale borrowings to reduce leverage; and better position the
Bancorp for an uncertain economic and interest rate environment. The pretax losses consisted of: 

 •

 $398 million in losses on the sale of securities; 

 •

 $17 million in losses on derivatives to hedge the price of the securities sold, recorded in other noninterest income; and 

 •

 $39 million in charges related to the termination of certain repurchase and reverse repurchase financing agreements, recorded in other noninterest expense.

30    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Net interest income (FTE) decreased three percent compared to 2005. Net interest margin decreased to 3.06% in 2006 from 3.23% in 2005 largely due to rising
short-term interest rates, the impact of the primarily fixed-rate securities portfolio and mix shifts within the core deposit base from demand deposit and interest checking categories to savings, money market and other time deposit categories paying
higher rates of interest. 

Noninterest income decreased 15% in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to the losses on the sale
of securities and related derivative losses from the balance sheet actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2006 totaling $415 million. Excluding these losses, noninterest income increased $54 million, or two percent, in 2006 compared to 2005 due to
continued strong growth in electronic payment processing and corporate 

banking revenue offset by a $19 million decline in mortgage banking revenue. 

Noninterest expense increased four percent in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to increases in employee incentives, volume-related payment processing expenditures, equipment expenditures and
occupancy expense related to the addition of de novo banking centers, and $39 million in charges related to the termination of certain repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements. Excluding the $39 million in charges, noninterest expense increased
by three percent. 

In 2006, net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases were 44 bp compared to 45 bp in 2005.
At December 31, 2006, nonperforming assets as a percent of loans and leases increased to .61% from .52% at December 31, 2005. 

BUSINESS SEGMENT REVIEW 

 The Bancorp reports on five
business segments: Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, Investment Advisors and Processing Solutions. Further detailed financial information on each business segment is included in Note 27 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Results of the Bancorp’s business segments are presented based on its management structure and management
accounting practices. The structure and accounting practices are specific to the Bancorp; therefore, the financial results of the Bancorp’s business segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other financial
institutions. The Bancorp refines its methodologies from time to time as management accounting practices are improved and businesses change. During 2007, the Bancorp changed the reporting of Processing Solutions to include certain revenues and
expenses related to credit card processing that were previously listed under the Commercial and Branch Banking segments. Revisions to the Bancorp’s methodologies are applied on a retroactive basis. 

 TABLE 13: BUSINESS SEGMENT NET INCOME

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Income Statement Data

 Commercial Banking

$702

693

600

 Branch Banking

621

562

515

 Consumer Lending

130

179

203

 Investment Advisors

100

91

72

 Processing Solutions

153

138

123

 General Corporate and Other

(630)

(475)

36

 Net income

$1,076

1,188

1,549

The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the corporate level by
employing a funds transfer pricing (“FTP”) methodology. This methodology insulates the business segments from interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus on serving customers through loan originations and deposit taking. The FTP
system assigns charge rates and credit rates to classes of assets and liabilities, respectively, based on expected duration and the Treasury swap curve. Matching duration, or the expected average term until an instrument can be repriced, allocates
interest income and interest expense to each segment so its resulting net interest income is insulated from interest rate risk. In a rising rate environment, the Bancorp benefits from the widening spread between deposit costs and wholesale funding
costs. However, the Bancorp’s FTP system credits this benefit to deposit-providing businesses, such as Branch Banking and Investment Advisors, on a duration-adjusted basis. The net impact of the FTP methodology is captured in General Corporate
and Other. 

Management made several changes to the FTP methodology in 2007 to more appropriately calculate FTP charges and
credits to each of the Bancorp’s business segments. Changes to the FTP methodology were applied retroactively and included adding a liquidity premium to loans, deposits and certificates of deposit to properly reflect 

the Bancorp’s marginal cost of longer term funding. In addition, an FTP charge on fixed assets based on the average 5 year Treasury curve was added to
the new FTP methodology. 

The business segments are charged provision expense based on the actual net charge-offs
experienced by the loans owned by each segment. Provision expense attributable to loan growth and change in factors in the allowance for loan and lease losses are captured in General Corporate and Other. The financial results of the business
segments include allocations for shared services and headquarters expenses. Even with these allocations, the financial results are not necessarily indicative of the business segments’ financial condition and results of operations as if they
were to exist as independent entities. Additionally, the business segments form synergies by taking advantage of cross-sell opportunities and when funding operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit. Net income by business
segment is summarized in Table 13. 

Commercial Banking 

Commercial Banking offers banking, cash management and financial services to large and middle-market businesses, government and professional customers. In addition to the traditional lending and
depository offerings, Commercial Banking products and services include, among others, foreign exchange and international trade finance, derivatives and capital markets services, asset-based lending, real estate finance, public finance, commercial
leasing and syndicated finance. Table 14 contains selected financial data for the Commercial Banking segment. 

Comparison of 2007 with
2006 

Net income increased $9 million, or one percent, compared to 2006 as a result of continued success in the sale of corporate
banking services, offset by a higher provision for loan and lease losses and growth in noninterest expense. 

Net interest
income was modestly lower in comparison to 2006 due to a 32 bp decline in the spread between loan yields and the related FTP charge. Average loans and leases increased nine percent over 2006, to $35.7 billion, with growth concentrated in C&I
loans and commercial mortgage loans. The increase in commercial mortgage loans can be attributed to loans acquired from Crown in November 2007 and to the conversion of construction loans to permanent financing throughout 2007. Average core deposits
increased modestly to $15.9 billion in 2007 compared to 2006 as the decrease in savings and money market balances were more than offset by the growth in foreign office deposits. Foreign office deposits represent commercial customers Eurodollar
sweeps that pay rates comparable to money market deposits. Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans increased from 31 bp in 2006 to 36 bp in 2007 as the segment experienced a $15 million fraud related charge-off in its Chicago affiliate and an
increase in charge-offs of commercial mortgage loans in parts of 

Fifth Third Bancorp    31 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

its footprint, specifically eastern Michigan and northeastern Ohio. 

Noninterest income increased $82 million, or 17%, compared to 2006 largely due to an increase in corporate banking revenue of $49 million, or 17%. Increases in corporate banking revenue occurred
in all subcaptions as a result of a build-out of its commercial product offerings by the Commercial Banking segment. During 2007, the segment introduced new treasury management products and remains focused on further penetration of middle-market
customers and the healthcare industry throughout its affiliates. Other noninterest income grew by 62% compared to the prior year, as operating lease income grew from $18 million to $31 million on higher volumes. 

Noninterest expense increased $66 million, or nine percent, in 2007 compared to 2006 primarily due to higher sales related incentives
expense and a volume-related increase in affordable housing investments expense. 

Comparison of 2006 with 2005 

Net income increased $93 million, or 16%, compared to 2005 largely as a result of loan and deposit growth and success in the sale of corporate banking
services. Average loans and leases increased 12% over 2005, to $32.7 billion, with growth occurring across all loan categories. Average core deposits increased to $15.8 billion in 2006 from $14.4 billion in 2005. The moderate decrease in average
demand deposits from the prior year was primarily due to lower relative compensating balance requirements that was more than offset by increases in interest checking and savings and money market deposits. The increase in average loans and leases and
core deposits led to a $140 million increase in net interest income compared to the prior year. 

Noninterest income
increased $18 million, or four percent, compared to 2005 largely due to an increase in corporate banking revenue of $16 million, or six percent. Noninterest expense increased $30 million, or four percent, in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to
volume-related increases in loan, payment processing, operating lease and data processing expenses. 

Branch Banking

Branch Banking provides a full range of deposit and loan and lease products to individuals and small businesses through 1,227
full-service banking centers. Branch Banking offers 

 depository and loan products, such as checking and savings accounts, home equity loans and lines of credit, credit cards and loans for automobile and other personal financing needs, as well as products designed to
meet the specific needs of small businesses, including cash management services. Table 15 contains selected financial data for the Branch Banking segment. 

Comparison of 2007 with 2006 

Net income increased $59 million, or 10%, compared to 2006 as
the segment benefited from increased interest rates through the majority of the year and increased service charges on deposits. Net interest income increased $165 million as increases in total deposits were partially offset by a deposit mix shift
toward higher paying deposit account types. Average core deposits increased three percent, to $39.9 billion, compared to 2006. Interest checking accounts decreased $1.9 billion, or 18% while savings and money market deposits increased $2.9 billion,
or 24%, compared to 2006. Average loans and leases increased two percent to $17.0 billion, led by growth in credit card balances of 56%. 

The provision for loan and lease losses increased $54 million over 2006 due to the deteriorating credit environment involving home equity loans, particularly in Michigan and Florida. Net charge-offs as a percent of
average loans and leases increased significantly from 64 bp to 95 bp, with much of the increase occurring in the fourth quarter of 2007. The Bancorp experienced growth in charge-offs on home equity lines and loans with high loan-to-value
(“LTV”) ratios, reflecting borrower stress and lower home prices. 

Noninterest income increased nine percent from
2006. Service charges on deposits grew 15% compared to the prior year due to growth in consumer deposit fees driven by new account openings and higher levels of customer activity. Electronic payment processing revenue increased nine percent as card
issuer interchange on debit cards grew $14 million, or 10%. 

Noninterest expense increased eight percent compared to 2006.
Net occupancy and equipment expenses increased 13% compared to 2006 as a result of the continued opening of new banking centers. The Bancorp built 66 de novo locations during 2007 and increased total banking centers by 77. The Bancorp will continue
to position itself for sustained long-term growth through new banking center additions in key growth markets within its footprint. 

 TABLE 14: COMMERCIAL BANKING

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income (FTE) (a)

$1,310

1,317

1,177

 Provision for loan and lease losses

127

99

90

 Noninterest income:

 Corporate banking revenue

341

292

276

 Service charges on deposits

154

146

149

 Other noninterest income

63

38

33

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

264

244

247

 Other noninterest expenses

529

483

450

 Income before taxes

948

967

848

 Applicable income taxes (a)

246

274

248

 Net income

$702

693

600

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Commercial loans

$35,662

32,707

29,184

 Demand deposits

5,927

6,296

6,347

 Interest checking

4,098

3,862

3,129

 Savings and money market

4,331

5,049

4,738

 Certificates $100,000 and over & other time

1,838

1,755

1,113

 Foreign office deposits

1,483

515

194

 Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $14 million for 2007, $13 million for 2006 and 2005. 

 TABLE 15: BRANCH BANKING 

 For the years ended December 31

($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$1,465

1,300

1,210

 Provision for loan and lease losses

162

108

97

 Noninterest income:

 Service charges on deposits

421

365

368

 Electronic payment processing

174

159

143

 Investment advisory revenue

90

87

86

 Other noninterest income

94

100

91

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

483

457

466

 Net occupancy and equipment expenses

173

153

138

 Other noninterest expenses

467

425

401

 Income before taxes

959

868

796

 Applicable income taxes

338

306

281

 Net income

$621

562

515

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Consumer loans

$11,838

11,461

10,775

 Commercial loans

5,173

5,296

5,278

 Demand deposits

5,757

5,840

5,977

 Interest checking

8,692

10,578

13,489

 Savings and money market

14,748

11,886

9,265

 Certificates $100,000 and over & other time

13,729

13,031

10,189

32    Fifth Third Bancorp     

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Comparison of 2006 with 2005 

Net
income increased $47 million, or nine percent, compared to 2005. Net interest income increased $90 million as increases in average loans and leases and total deposits were partially offset by a deposit mix shift toward higher paying deposit account
types. Average loans and leases increased four percent to $16.8 billion, led by growth in credit card balances of 21%. Branch Banking realized a shift to higher-rate deposit products throughout 2006. Interest checking and demand deposits decreased
$3.0 billion, or 22%, and savings, money market and other time deposits increased $3.8 billion, or 21%, compared to 2005. 

Noninterest income increased three percent from 2005 as growth in electronic payment processing revenue of $12 million was offset by $3 million decreases in both service charges on deposits and mortgage banking net revenue. Noninterest
expense increased by three percent compared to 2005 as costs were contained despite the effect from the Bancorp’s continued de novo banking center growth strategy, which led to a 11% increase in net occupancy and equipment expense. 

Consumer Lending 

Consumer
Lending includes the Bancorp’s mortgage, home equity, automobile and other indirect lending activities. Mortgage and home equity lending activities include the origination, retention and servicing of mortgage and home equity loans or lines of
credit, sales and securitizations of those loans or pools of loans or lines of credit and all associated hedging activities. Other indirect lending activities include loans to consumers through mortgage brokers, automobile dealers and federal and
private student education loans. Table 16 contains selected financial data for the Consumer Lending segment. 

Comparison of 2007 with
2006 

Net income decreased $49 million, or 28%, compared to 2006 despite increased originations, due to an increase in
provision for loan and lease losses and decreased gain on sale margins.
 Net interest income was relatively flat compared to the prior year. Average residential mortgage loans increased seven percent compared to 2006 due to increased mortgage
originations and loans acquired from Crown. Net charge-offs increased to 73 bp in 2007, an increase from 47 bp in 2006, due to greater severity of loss on residential mortgages and automobile loans related to declining real estate prices and a
market surplus of used automobiles, respectively. The segment is focusing on managing credit risk through the restructuring of certain residential mortgage loans and careful consideration of underwriting and collection standards. 

Noninterest income decreased 14% compared to 2006 due to a decline in mortgage banking net revenue. The Bancorp’s mortgage
originations were $11.4 billion and $9.4 in 2007 and 

2006, respectively. Despite the increase in originations, gain on sale margins decreased due to widening credit spreads in the residential mortgage market,
resulting in a decrease in mortgage banking net revenue of $26 million, or 18%. 

Comparison of 2006 with 2005 

Net income decreased $24 million, or 12%, compared to 2005. Net interest income decreased $15 million, or four percent, despite average loans and
leases increasing six percent, due to an 81 bp decline in the spread between loan yields and the related FTP charge as a result of the increasingly competitive environment in which this segment competes.

The Bancorp’s mortgage originations were $9.4 billion and $9.9 billion in 2006 and 2005, respectively. As a result of the decrease in
originations and the corresponding decrease in gains on sales of mortgages, mortgage banking net revenue decreased $17 million, or 10%. Decreases in other noninterest income and expense were largely a result of the planned run off of the consumer
operating lease portfolios. Operating lease income and expense decreased from 2005 by $39 million and $29 million, respectively. 

Investment Advisors 

Investment Advisors provides a full range of investment alternatives for individuals, companies
and not-for-profit organizations. The Bancorp’s primary services include investments, trust, asset management, retirement plans and custody. Fifth Third Securities, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, offers full service
retail brokerage services to individual clients and broker dealer services to the institutional marketplace. Fifth Third Asset Management, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bancorp, provides asset management services and also advises
the Bancorp’s proprietary family of mutual funds. Table 17 contains selected financial data for the Investment Advisors segment. 

Comparison of 2007 with 2006 

Net income increased $9 million, or 10%, compared to 2006 on increases in investment
advisory revenue of 5%. Net interest income increased 11% to $154 million on a five percent increase in average loans and leases and a seven percent increase in core deposits. Overall, noninterest income increased six percent from 2006. Fifth Third
Private Bank, the Bancorp’s wealth management group, increased revenues by six percent on execution of cross-sell initiatives. Brokerage income also increased seven percent compared to 2006 as the overall equity markets performed well for much
of 2007 and the segment increased the number of registered representatives. The segment realized only modest gains in institutional services income. Noninterest expenses remain contained, increasing four percent compared to 2006.

 TABLE 16: CONSUMER LENDING

 For the years ended
December 31

($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$404

409

424

 Provision for loan and lease losses

148

94

89

 Noninterest income:

 Mortgage banking net revenue

122

148

165

 Other noninterest income

75

81

124

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

84

98

89

 Other noninterest expenses

169

169

222

 Income before taxes

200

277

313

 Applicable income taxes

70

98

110

 Net income

$130

179

203

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Residential mortgage loans

$10,156

9,523

8,957

 Home equity

1,335

1,311

1,173

 Automobile loans

9,711

8,560

7,584

 Consumer leases

917

1,328

1,822

 TABLE 17: INVESTMENT ADVISORS

 For the years ended
December 31

($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$154

139

122

 Provision for loan and lease losses

13

4

4

 Noninterest income:

 Investment advisory revenue

386

367

360

 Other noninterest income

22

19

17

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

167

172

169

 Other noninterest expenses

228

209

214

 Income before taxes

154

140

112

 Applicable income taxes

54

49

40

 Net income

$100

91

72

 Average Balance Sheet Data

 Loans and leases

$3,207

3,068

2,684

 Core deposits

4,978

4,673

4,027

Fifth Third Bancorp    33 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

 Comparison of 2006 with 2005 

Net income increased $19 million, or 26%, compared to 2005 as a result of an
increase in net interest income and modest growth in investment advisory revenue.
 Net interest income increased 14%, to $139 million as the segment benefited from the liquidity premium placed on deposit accounts as previously discussed. 

Noninterest income increased three percent from 2005 as the $7 million increase in Private Bank revenues was mitigated
by a decrease in mutual fund revenue of $3 million. The decrease in mutual fund revenue was primarily the result of the deployment of an open architecture on proprietary fund sales. Noninterest expenses decreased modestly compared to the prior year
due to the focus on expense control. 

Processing Solutions 

Fifth Third Processing Solutions provides electronic funds transfer, debit, credit and merchant
transaction processing, operates the Jeanie®
 ATM network and provides other data processing services to affiliated and unaffiliated customers. Table 18 contains selected financial data for
the Processing Solutions segment. 

Comparison of 2007 with 2006 

Net income increased $15 million, or 11%, versus the prior year as electronic payment processing revenues (the sum of merchant processing, financial institutions processing and card issuer
interchange revenues) continued to produce double-digit increases. Merchant processing increased $55 million, or 21%, due to the addition and conversion of large national clients throughout the year. Card issuer interchange revenues increased
primarily due to new customer additions and the resulting higher card sales volumes from the success in the Bancorp’s initiative to increase credit card penetration of its customer base. The Bancorp continues to see significant opportunities to
attract new financial institution customers and retailers within this business segment. 

The strong increase in noninterest
income was mitigated by a 19% increase in noninterest expense due to network charges resulting from increased transaction volume in addition to expenses related to the conversion of large national merchant contracts. Expenses are expected to
moderate in future periods to be more consistent with revenue growth while reflecting spread pressure relating to the renewal of current customer contracts. 

 TABLE 18: PROCESSING SOLUTIONS

 For the years ended
December 31

($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Income Statement Data

 Net interest income

$(6)

(3)

(9)

 Provision for loan and lease losses

11

9

18

 Noninterest income:

 Merchant processing

314

259

224

 Financial institutions processing

319

290

250

 Card issuer interchange

66

52

43

 Other noninterest income

43

34

41

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, incentives and benefits

75

70

53

 Payment processing expense

237

169

127

 Other noninterest expenses

176

171

162

 Income before taxes

237

213

189

 Applicable income taxes

84

75

66

 Net income

$153

138

123

 Comparison of 2006 with 2005 

Net income increased $15 million, or 12%, versus the prior year as a result of increases in electronic payment processing fees mitigated by increases in personnel costs and payment processing expenses. Compared to 2006, merchant processing
revenues and financial institution revenue increased 16%, while card issuer interchange earned on credit cards transactions increased 20%. 

Noninterest expense increased 20% primarily due to headcount additions, investment in information technology and transaction processing costs. Salaries, incentives and benefits increased 33% with the addition of over
300 employees. 

General Corporate and Other 

General Corporate and Other includes the unallocated portion of the investment securities portfolio, securities gains/losses, certain non-core deposit funding, unassigned equity, provision expense in excess of net
charge-offs and certain support activities and other items not attributed to the business segments. 

Comparison of 2007 with 2006

The results of General Corporate and Other were primarily impacted by the increase in provision expense compared to the prior year.
Provision expense over charge-offs increased by approximately $139 million compared to 2006 as the allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loan and leases increased from 1.04% as of December 31, 2006 to 1.17% as of
December 31, 2007. The increase is attributable to a number of factors including an increase in delinquencies, increases in the severity of loss due to real estate price deterioration in some the Bancorp’s key lending markets, the increase
in automobile loans and credit card balances and a modest decline in economic conditions. 

Comparison of 2006 with 2005

The results of General Corporate and Other were primarily impacted by the balance sheet actions in the fourth quarter of 2006 and
the related loss on the sale of securities. General Corporate and Other was also impacted by wholesale funding repricing at a faster rate than securities as a result of rising short-term rates in the first half of 2006. The Bancorp experienced an
increase in the average interest rate on wholesale funding from 3.36% in 2005 to 5.02% in 2006 compared to an increase in the average interest rate on securities from 4.36% in 2005 to 4.56% in 2006. 

34    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FOURTH QUARTER REVIEW 

 The Bancorp’s 2007 fourth
quarter net income was $16 million, or $.03 per diluted share, compared to $325 million, or $.61 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2007 and $66 million, or $.12 per diluted share, for the fourth quarter of 2006. Return on average assets and
return on average equity for the fourth quarter of 2007 were .06% and .7%, respectively, compared to 1.26% and 13.8% in the third quarter of 2007 and .25% and 2.6% in 2006’s fourth quarter. Fourth quarter 2007 earnings and ratios were
negatively impacted by a charge of $177 million to lower the current cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies, a charge of $94 million related to Visa members’ indemnification of future litigation settlements, as well as
$8 million in acquisition-related costs. The BOLI charge reflected an additional $22 million recorded subsequent to the Bancorp’s issuance of fourth quarter of 2007 earnings. In the fourth quarter of 2006, earnings and ratios were negatively
impacted by $454 million in total pretax losses and charges related to balance sheet actions taken to improve the asset/liability profile of the Bancorp. 

Fourth quarter 2007 net interest income (FTE) of $785 million increased $25 million, or three percent, from the third quarter of 2007 and $41 million, or six percent, from the same period a year ago. Sequential growth
in net interest income was primarily driven by a five percent increase in earning assets and lower funding costs, both in core deposits and wholesale borrowings, resulting from lower market interest rates. These positive effects were partially
offset by lower loan yields related to lower market interest rates, the reversal of previously recognized interest on higher nonperforming assets, and the impact of the issuance of trust preferred securities during the third and fourth quarters.
Increases in net interest income compared to the fourth quarter of 2006 were primarily a result of the balance sheet actions in the prior year, mitigated by the issuance of $2.2 billion in trust preferred securities throughout 2007. The net interest
margin was 3.29%, a 5 bp decrease from the third quarter of 2007 and a 13 bp increase over the fourth quarter of 2006. 

Noninterest income of $509 million decreased by $172 million compared to the third quarter of 2007 and increased $328 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. Fourth quarter 2007 results include a $177 million charge to reduce the
cash surrender value of one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies and $22 million related to the termination of cash flow hedges on automobile loans held for sale. Third quarter results included a gain of $15 million on the sale of FDIC deposit
insurance credits. Fourth quarter of 2006 results include $415 million in losses on securities and derivatives related to the Bancorp’s fourth quarter of 2006 balance sheet actions. Excluding those charges, sequential noninterest income growth
was $42 million, or six percent, and year-over-year noninterest income growth was $112 million, or 19%, with strong growth in service charges on deposits, corporate banking and electronic payment processing revenue. 

Electronic payment processing revenue of $223 million increased five percent sequentially and 15% compared with last year. Compared with a
year ago, growth was driven by continued strong merchant processing results and strong growth in card issuer interchange driven by higher card usage and an increase in credit card accounts stemming from success in the Bancorp’s initiative to
increase customer credit card penetration. 

Service charges on deposits of $160 million increased six percent from the third
quarter of 2007 and 30% versus the same quarter last year. Retail service charges increased three percent from the third quarter, driven by higher levels of customer activity and modest growth in transaction accounts. Retail service charges grew 41%
compared with the fourth quarter of 2006, driven by higher levels of customer activity and comparisons to the unusual weakness experienced in the same quarter last year. Commercial service charges increased 

 10% sequentially and 19% compared with last
year, primarily due to lower earnings credits on commercial deposit accounts and fee growth associated with new product and service offerings. 

Investment advisory revenue of $94 million decreased one percent sequentially and increased four percent over fourth quarter of 2006. Private banking revenue increased two percent sequentially, largely due to higher
insurance revenue, and nine percent from the same quarter last year on continued strong results particularly in wealth planning and trust. Brokerage fee revenue declined seven percent sequentially, reflecting the volatility in equity markets in the
fourth quarter of 2007, and was flat compared with a year ago as the effect of adverse market conditions offset growth in the number of licensed brokers. 

Corporate banking revenue of $106 million increased 17% sequentially and 29% over the fourth of 2006, reflecting the build out of the Bancorp’s corporate banking capabilities. The Bancorp realized growth both
sequentially and year-over-year in all sub captions of corporate banking revenue. 

Mortgage banking net revenue totaled $26
million in the fourth and third quarter of 2007 and $30 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Mortgage originations of $2.7 billion decreased from $3.0 billion in the third quarter of 2007 and increased from $2.3 billion in the fourth quarter of
2006. Gains on loan sales of $18 million increased from $9 million in the third quarter and decreased from $23 million in fourth quarter of 2006. Improvement in the liquidity of the residential mortgage market during the fourth quarter of 2007 drove
the higher gains on loan sales compared with the third quarter. Net servicing revenue, before MSR valuation adjustments, of $14 million in the fourth quarter was consistent with the third quarter of 2007 and increased $2 million over the fourth
quarter of 2006. 

Noninterest expense of $940 million increased 10% from third quarter of 2007 and increased 24% from the
fourth quarter of 2006. Comparisons reflect expenses accrued related to future Visa litigation settlements of $94 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 and $78 million related to the Visa/American Express settlement in the third quarter of 2007.
Exclusive of the Visa accruals and a $39 million charge associated with the termination of financing agreements in the fourth quarter of 2006, noninterest expense increased nine percent compared to the third quarter of 2006 and 17% compared to the
same quarter last year. Both sequential and year-over-year increases were driven by volume-based increases in payment processing expense, higher de novo related occupancy expense and increased provision expense for unfunded loan commitments.

Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases were 89 bp, or $174 million, in the fourth quarter, compared
with 60 bp, or $115 million, last quarter and 52 bp, or $97 million, in the fourth quarter of 2006. The increase was the result of commercial and consumer real estate loans concentrated in Michigan, northern Ohio and Florida. Comparisons were also
affected by a $15 million fraud-related commercial loan charge-off in the fourth quarter of 2007. 

Average loan and lease
balances grew five percent sequentially and nine percent from the fourth quarter last year. Crown contributed approximately one percent of the sequential and year-over-year growth, primarily in commercial and residential mortgage loans. The Bancorp
continued to grow credit card balances, increasing seven percent over the sequential quarter and 60% over the fourth quarter of 2006. Average core deposits were up three percent compared to the third quarter of 2007 and the fourth quarter of 2006.
Crown contributed approximately one percent of the sequential and year-over-year growth. The Bancorp continued to generate overall deposit growth while realizing a mix shift from interest checking to savings accounts. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    35 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 

 Loans and Leases 

Total loans and leases increased 12% compared to
December 31, 2006. Table 19 presents the Bancorp’s total commercial and consumer loan and lease portfolio classified by the primary purpose of the loan. 

Total commercial loans and leases increased $6.1 billion, or 15%, compared to the prior year. Excluding loans acquired from Crown, commercial loans and leases increased approximately $5.6
billion, or 14%, reflecting growth in commercial and industrial loans throughout the Bancorp’s footprint. Commercial mortgage growth was primarily a result of the Crown acquisition. Growth in commercial mortgage and the decrease in commercial
construction is also attributed to the conversion of construction loans to permanent financing. 

Total consumer loans and
leases increased $3.0 billion, or nine percent, compared to December 31, 2006 as a result of the Crown acquisition, growth in the automobile loan portfolio and increased promotion of credit cards. Excluding Crown, total consumer loans and
leases increased approximately $1.5 billion, or four percent. Residential mortgage loans increased $1.5 billion, or 15%, compared to 2006, primarily from the Crown acquisition. Excluding Crown, residential mortgage loans increased approximately $260
million, or three percent, compared to the prior year. Residential mortgage originations totaled $11.9 billion in 2007 compared to $9.4 billion in 2006. Automobile loans increased $1.2 billion, or 12%, compared to 2006. The growth in automobile
loans was attributed to an increase in the number of dealers in the Bancorp’s indirect automobile lending network from 8,700 in 2006 to 9,300 in 2007. A key focus for the Bancorp in 2007 was increasing its penetration of credit cards within in
its retail footprint through marketing campaigns targeted to specific borrowers. Credit card balances increased 58%, to $1.6 billion, with growth primarily a result of a 26% increase in the number of accounts. The Bancorp will continue to focus on
growing credit card balances throughout 2008. 

Average commercial loans and leases increased $2.7 billion, or seven percent,
compared to December 31, 2006, 

with growth in commercial loans and commercial mortgage loans. The Bancorp experienced double-digit growth in more than a third of its affiliates, including
11% in the Florida affiliates, 29% in Lexington and 26% in Tennessee. 

Average consumer loans and leases increased $2.1
billion, or six percent, compared to 2006. The growth in average consumer loans and leases was a result of strong growth in residential mortgage, automobile and credit card balances mitigated by a decline in home equity loans and consumer automobile
leases. The Bancorp experienced its largest growth in the Chicago affiliate, an increase of $254 million, or nine percent. Additionally, the Bancorp saw growth of 11% in the Florida affiliates and 30% in Tennessee offset by a decline of nine percent
in the Western Ohio affiliate. 

Investment Securities 

The Bancorp uses investment securities as a means of managing interest rate risk, providing liquidity support and providing collateral for pledging purposes. As of December 31, 2007, total
investment securities were $11.2 billion compared to $11.6 billion at December 31, 2006. Securities are classified as available-for-sale when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response to, or in anticipation of, changes in
market conditions. The Bancorp’s management has evaluated the securities in an unrealized loss position in the available-for-sale portfolio and maintains the intent and ability to hold these securities to the earlier of the recovery of the
losses or maturity. 

Net unrealized losses on the available-for-sale securities portfolio were $144 million at
December 31, 2007 compared to $183 million at December 31, 2006. At December 31, 2007, 85% of the unrealized losses in the available-for-sale securities portfolio were comprised of agency mortgage-backed securities and securities
issued by U.S. Government sponsored agencies. The Bancorp’s management believes the price movements in these securities were primarily the result of movement in market interest rates. 

TABLE 19: COMPONENTS OF TOTAL LOANS AND LEASES
(INCLUDING HELD FOR SALE) 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Commercial:

 Commercial loans

$

26,079

20,831

19,377

16,107

14,261

 Commercial mortgage

11,967

10,405

9,188

7,636

6,894

 Commercial construction

5,561

6,168

6,342

4,348

3,301

 Commercial leases

3,737

3,841

3,698

3,426

3,264

 Total commercial loans and leases

47,344

41,245

38,605

31,517

27,720

 Consumer:

 Residential mortgage loans

11,433

9,905

8,991

7,912

5,865

 Home equity

11,874

12,154

11,805

10,318

8,783

 Automobile loans

11,183

10,028

9,396

7,734

8,606

 Credit card

1,591

1,004

788

794

727

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,157

1,167

1,644

2,092

2,488

 Total consumer loans and leases

37,238

34,258

32,624

28,850

26,469

 Total loans and leases

$

84,582

75,503

71,229

60,367

54,189

TABLE 20: COMPONENTS OF AVERAGE TOTAL LOANS AND LEASES 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Commercial:

 Commercial loans

$

22,351

20,504

18,310

14,955

13,705

 Commercial mortgage

11,078

9,797

8,923

7,391

3,097

 Commercial construction

5,661

6,015

5,525

3,807

6,299

 Commercial leases

3,683

3,730

3,495

3,296

3,037

 Total commercial loans and leases (including held for
sale)

42,773

40,046

36,253

29,449

26,138

 Consumer:

 Residential mortgage loans

10,489

9,574

8,982

6,801

6,880

 Home equity

11,887

12,070

11,228

9,584

8,796

 Automobile loans

10,704

9,570

8,649

8,128

7,403

 Credit card

1,276

838

728

740

559

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,219

1,395

1,897

2,340

2,638

 Total consumer loans and leases (including held for
sale)

35,575

33,447

31,484

27,593

26,276

 Total loans and leases (including held for
sale)

$

78,348

73,493

67,737

57,042

52,414

 Total portfolio loans and leases (excluding held for
sale)

$

76,033

72,447

66,685

55,951

49,700

36    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 21: COMPONENTS OF INVESTMENT SECURITIES (AMORTIZED COST BASIS) 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Available-for-sale and other:

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$3

1,396

506

503

838

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

160

100

2,034

2,036

3,877

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

490

603

657

823

922

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

8,738

7,999

16,127

17,571

21,101

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

385

172

2,119

2,862

1,401

 Other securities

1,045

966

1,090

1,006

937

 Total available-for-sale and other
securities

$10,821

11,236

22,533

24,801

29,076

 Held-to-maturity:

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

$351

345

378

245

126

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

4

11

11

10

9

 Total held-to-maturity

$355

356

389

255

135

 At December 31, 2007, the Bancorp’s investment portfolio primarily consisted of AAA rated agency mortgage-backed securities and the Bancorp does not hold CDOs or asset-backed securities
backed by subprime loans. The balance of securities below investment grade was immaterial as of December 31, 2007. 

Available-for-sale securities, on an amortized cost basis, decreased $415 million since December 31, 2006. At December 31, 2007, available-for-sale securities decreased to 11% of interest-earning assets, compared to 13% at
December 31, 2006. The estimated weighted-average life of the debt securities in the available-for-sale portfolio was 6.8 years at December 31, 2007 compared to 4.3 years at December 31, 2006. At December 31, 2007, the fixed-rate
securities within the available-for-sale securities portfolio had 

a weighted-average yield of 5.31% compared to 5.13% at December 31, 2006. The increased yield from the prior year was a result of the balance sheet
actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2006, which included the sale of $11.3 billion in available-for-sale securities with a weighted-average yield of 4.30%. 

Information presented in Table 22 is on a weighted-average life basis, anticipating future prepayments. Yield information is presented on an FTE basis and is computed using historical cost
balances. Maturity and yield calculations for the total available-for-sale portfolio exclude equity securities that have no stated yield or maturity. Further information on securities held by the Bancorp can be found in Note 3 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

TABLE 22:
CHARACTERISTICS OF AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE AND OTHER SECURITIES 

 As of December 31, 2007 ($ in millions)

Amortized Cost

Fair Value

Weighted-AverageLife (in years)

Weighted-AverageYield

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies:

 Average life of one year or less

$-

$-

-

-

%

 Average life 1 – 5 years

-

-

-

-

 Average life 5 – 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Average life greater than 10 years

3

3

12.7

5.89

 Total

3

3

12.0

6.04

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies:

 Average life of one year or less

-

-

-

-

 Average life 1 – 5 years

160

160

2.2

4.44

 Average life 5 – 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Average life greater than 10 years

-

-

-

-

 Total

160

160

2.2

4.44

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions (a):

 Average life of one year or less

246

248

.4

7.31

 Average life 1 – 5 years

187

191

2.2

7.04

(b)

 Average life 5 – 10 years

21

21

6.9

7.98

(b)

 Average life greater than 10 years

36

36

10.7

3.92

(b)

 Total

490

496

2.1

7.20

 Agency mortgage-backed securities:

 Average life of one year or less

2

2

.6

7.04

 Average life 1 – 5 years

1,879

1,868

3.6

4.97

 Average life 5 – 10 years

6,577

6,462

7.7

5.23

 Average life greater than 10 years

280

277

10.4

5.45

 Total

8,738

8,609

6.9

5.18

 Other bonds, notes and debentures (c):

 Average life of one year or less

93

92

.1

5.88

 Average life 1 – 5 years

110

108

3.7

5.54

 Average life 5 – 10 years

29

29

5.2

5.59

 Average life greater than 10 years

153

147

28.3

7.45

 Total

385

376

12.7

6.38

 Other securities (d)

1,045

1,033

 Total available-for-sale and other
securities

$10,821

$10,677

6.83

5.31

%

 (a)

 Taxable-equivalent yield adjustments included in the above table are 2.41%, 2.31%, 2.63%, 1.29% and 2.37% for securities with an average life of one year or
less, 1-5 years, 5-10 years, greater than 10 years and in total, respectively. 

 (b)

 Weighted-average yield excludes $3 million, $15 million and $35 million of securities with an average life of 1-5 years, 5-10 years and greater than 10 years,
respectively, related to qualified zone academy bonds whose yields are realized through income tax credits. The weighted-average effective yield of these instruments is 6.81%. 

 (c)

 Other bonds, notes, and debentures consist of commercial paper, non-agency mortgage backed securities, certain other asset backed securities (primarily
automobile and commercial loan backed securities) and corporate bond securities. 

 (d)

 Other securities consist of Federal Home Loan Bank (“FHLB”) and Federal Reserve Bank restricted stock holdings that are carried at cost, Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“FHLMC”) preferred stock holdings, certain mutual fund holdings and equity security holdings. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    37 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 23: DEPOSITS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Demand

$

14,404

14,331

14,609

13,486

12,142

 Interest checking

15,254

15,993

18,282

19,481

19,757

 Savings

15,635

13,181

11,276

8,310

7,375

 Money market

6,521

6,584

6,129

4,321

3,201

 Foreign office

2,572

1,353

421

153

16

 Transaction deposits

54,386

51,442

50,717

45,751

42,491

 Other time

11,440

10,987

9,313

6,837

6,201

 Core deposits

65,826

62,429

60,030

52,588

48,692

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

6,738

6,628

4,343

2,121

1,856

 Other foreign office

2,881

323

3,061

3,517

6,547

 Total deposits

$

75,445

69,380

67,434

58,226

57,095

TABLE 24: AVERAGE DEPOSITS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Demand

$

13,261

13,741

13,868

12,327

10,482

 Interest checking

14,820

16,650

18,884

19,434

18,679

 Savings

14,836

12,189

10,007

7,941

8,020

 Money market

6,308

6,366

5,170

3,473

3,189

 Foreign office

1,762

732

248

85

2

 Transaction deposits

50,987

49,678

48,177

43,260

40,372

 Other time

10,778

10,500

8,491

6,208

6,426

 Core deposits

61,765

60,178

56,668

49,468

46,798

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

6,466

5,795

4,001

2,403

3,832

 Other foreign office

1,393

2,979

3,719

4,364

3,860

 Total deposits

$

69,624

68,952

64,388

56,235

54,490

 Deposits 

Deposit balances
represent an important source of funding and revenue growth opportunity. The Bancorp is continuing to focus on core deposit growth in its retail and commercial franchises by expanding its retail franchise, enhancing its product offerings and
providing competitive rates. At December 31, 2007, core deposits represented 59% of the Bancorp’s asset funding base, compared to 62% at December 31, 2006. 

In 2007, the Bancorp expanded its deposit product line by offering an equity-linked certificate of deposit and a new savings account to help customers identify and reach savings goals.
Additionally in 2007, the Bancorp reclassified certain foreign office deposits as transaction deposits. Included in foreign office deposits are Eurodollar sweep accounts for the Bancorp’s commercial customers. These accounts bear interest at
rates slightly higher than money market accounts, but the Bancorp does not have to pay FDIC insurance or hold collateral. The remaining foreign office balances are brokered deposits and the Bancorp uses these, as well as certificates of deposit
$100,000 and over, as a method to fund earning asset growth. 

Core deposits grew five percent compared to December 31,
2006, however, the Bancorp continues to realize a mix shift as customers move from lower-yield transaction accounts to higher-yield time deposits. Core deposits acquired from Crown were approximately $990 million at December 31, 2007.

On an average basis, core deposits increased three percent compared to 2006, while customers continued to migrate from
interest checking to higher yielding accounts. This migration 

from interest checking to savings and time deposit accounts resulted in double-digit growth in savings balances and a decrease in interest checking deposits.
The Bancorp experienced double-digit average core deposit increases in the Tennessee, Orlando, Tampa, Louisville and Ohio Valley markets. 

Borrowings 

As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, total borrowings as a percentage of interest-bearing liabilities
were 27% and 22%, respectively. The increase in short-term funding in 2007 represents a return to more normalized levels as the balance sheet actions during the fourth quarter of 2006 temporarily reduced the need for short-term funding. Compared to
2006, average short-term funding decreased $1.8 billion. 

The Bancorp continues to explore additional alternatives regarding
the level and cost of various other sources of funding. In March, August and October of 2007, Fifth Third Capital Trust IV, V and VI, wholly-owned non-consolidated subsidiaries of the Bancorp, issued $750 million, $575 million and $863 million,
respectively, of Tier I-qualifying trust preferred securities to third-party investors and invested the proceeds in junior subordinated notes issued by the Bancorp. 

Information on the average rates paid on borrowings is located in the Statement of Income Analysis, while a comprehensive listing of the composition of long-term debt can be found in Note 13 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, refer to the Liquidity Risk Management section for a discussion on the role of borrowings in the Bancorp’s liquidity management. 

 TABLE 25: BORROWINGS

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Federal funds purchased

$4,427

1,421

5,323

4,714

6,928

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

-

775

500

 Other short-term borrowings

4,747

2,796

4,246

4,537

5,742

 Long-term debt

12,857

12,558

15,227

13,983

9,063

 Total borrowings

$22,031

16,775

24,796

24,009

22,233

38    Fifth Third Bancorp 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

RISK MANAGEMENT 

 Managing risk is an essential
component of successfully operating a financial services company. The Bancorp’s risk management function is responsible for the identification, measurement, monitoring, control and reporting of risk and mitigation of those risks that are
inconsistent with the Bancorp’s risk profile. The Enterprise Risk Management division (“ERM”), led by the Bancorp’s Chief Risk Officer, ensures consistency in the Bancorp’s approach to managing and monitoring risk within the
structure of the Bancorp’s affiliate operating model. In addition, the Internal Audit division provides an independent assessment of the Bancorp’s internal control structure and related systems and processes. The risks faced by the Bancorp
include, but are not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational and regulatory compliance. ERM includes the following key functions: 

 •

 Risk Policy - ensures consistency in the approach to risk management as the Bancorp’s clearinghouse for credit, market and operational risk policies,
procedures and guidelines; 

 •

 Credit Risk Review - responsible for evaluating the sufficiency of underwriting, documentation and approval processes for consumer and commercial credits,
counter-party credit risk, the accuracy of risk grades assigned to commercial credit exposure, and appropriate recognition accounting for charge-offs, non-accrual status and specific reserves and reports directly to the Risk and Compliance Committee
of the Board of Directors; 

 •

 Consumer Credit Risk Management - responsible for credit risk management in consumer lending, including oversight of underwriting and credit administration
processes as well as analytics and reporting functions; 

 •

 Capital Markets Risk Management - responsible for establishing and monitoring proprietary trading limits, monitoring liquidity and interest rate risk and
utilizing value at risk and earnings at risk models; 

 •

 Compliance Risk Management - responsible for oversight of compliance with all banking regulations; 

 •

 Operational Risk Management - responsible for enterprise operational risk programs, such as risk self assessments, key risk indicators and new products review as
well as root cause analysis and corrective action plans relating to identified operational losses; 

 •

 Bank Protection - responsible for fraud prevention and detection, and investigations and recovery; 

 •

 Insurance Risk Management - responsible for all property, casualty and liability insurance policies including the claims administration process for the Bancorp;

 •

 Investment Advisors Risk Management - responsible for trust compliance, fiduciary risk, trading risk and credit risk in the Investment Advisors line of business;
and 

 •

 Risk Strategies and Reporting - responsible for quantitative analytics and Board of Directors and senior management reporting on credit, market and operational
risk metrics. 

Designated risk managers have been assigned to all business lines. Affiliate risk
management is handled by regional risk managers who are responsible for multiple affiliates and report directly to ERM. 

Risk management oversight and governance is provided by the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors and through multiple management committees whose membership includes a broad cross-section of line of business, affiliate
and support representatives. The Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors consists of five outside directors and has the responsibility for the oversight of credit, market, operational, regulatory compliance and strategic risk
management activities for the Bancorp, as well as for the Bancorp’s overall aggregate risk profile. The 

Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors has approved the formation of key management governance committees that are responsible for
evaluating risks and controls. These committees include the Market Risk Committee, the Corporate Credit Committee, the Credit Policy Committee, the Operational Risk Committee and the Executive Asset Liability Committee. There are also new products
and initiatives processes applicable to every line of business to ensure an appropriate standard readiness assessment is performed before launching a new product or initiative. Significant risk policies approved by the management governance
committees are also reviewed and approved by the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors. 

CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT 

The objective of the Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy is to quantify and manage credit risk on an aggregate portfolio basis,
as well as to limit the risk of loss resulting from an individual customer default. The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy is based on three core principles: conservatism, diversification and monitoring. The Bancorp believes that
effective credit risk management begins with conservative lending practices. These practices include conservative exposure and counterparty limits and conservative underwriting, documentation and collection standards. The Bancorp’s credit risk
management strategy also emphasizes diversification on a geographic, industry and customer level as well as regular credit examinations and monthly management reviews of large credit exposures and credits experiencing deterioration of credit
quality. Lending officers with the authority to extend credit are delegated specific authority amounts, the utilization of which is closely monitored. Lending activities are largely centralized, while ERM manages the policy and authority delegation
process directly. The Credit Risk Review function, within ERM, provides objective assessments of the quality of underwriting and documentation, the accuracy of risk grades and the charge-off and reserve analysis process. 

The Bancorp’s credit review process and overall assessment of required allowances is based on quarterly assessments of the probable
estimated losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp uses these assessments to promptly identify potential problem loans or leases within the portfolio, maintain an adequate reserve and take any necessary charge-offs. In addition
to the individual review of larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses, the commercial credit review process includes the use of two risk grading systems. The risk grading system currently utilized for reserve
analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. The Bancorp also maintains a dual risk rating system that provides for thirteen probabilities of default grade categories and an additional six grade categories for estimating actual losses given an
event of default. The probability of default and loss given default evaluations are not separated in the ten-grade risk rating system. The Bancorp is in the process of completing significant validation and testing of the dual risk rating system
prior to implementation for reserve analysis purposes. The dual risk rating system is expected to be consistent with Basel II expectations and allows for more precision in the analysis of commercial credit risk. Scoring systems, various analytical
tools and delinquency monitoring are used to assess the credit risk in the Bancorp’s homogenous consumer loan portfolios. 

Commercial Portfolio 

The Bancorp’s credit risk management strategy includes minimizing concentrations of risk
through diversification. The following table provides breakouts of the commercial loan and lease portfolio, including held for sale, by major industry classification (as defined by the North American Industry 

Fifth Third Bancorp    39 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 26: COMMERCIAL LOAN AND LEASE PORTFOLIO EXPOSURE
(a)

2007

2006

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

Outstanding

Exposure

Nonaccrual

Outstanding

Exposure

Nonaccrual

 By industry:

 Real estate

$11,564

14,450

147

10,652

13,196

50

 Manufacturing

6,570

14,365

28

5,198

11,443

22

 Construction

5,226

8,534

258

5,490

8,963

69

 Retail trade

4,175

7,251

29

3,655

6,515

27

 Transportation and warehousing

2,565

3,076

21

2,097

2,432

4

 Financial services and insurance

2,484

6,916

6

1,509

4,855

8

 Healthcare

2,347

4,007

15

1,860

3,208

9

 Business services

2,266

4,251

25

1,862

3,640

16

 Wholesale trade

2,179

4,127

16

1,827

3,642

11

 Individuals

1,252

1,626

15

1,364

1,785

13

 Other services

1,049

1,455

17

959

1,373

14

 Accommodation and food

1,036

1,470

21

860

1,323

10

 Other

963

1,897

59

578

1,269

4

 Communication and information

741

1,439

1

567

1,073

1

 Public administration

737

957

-

792

930

-

 Entertainment and recreation

617

873

6

602

841

2

 Agribusiness

606

788

3

609

782

8

 Mining

578

1,090

3

288

637

3

 Utilities

389

1,210

2

370

1,187

-

 Total

$47,334

79,782

672

41,139

69,094

271

 By loan size:

 Less than $200,000

3

%

3

9

4

3

13

 $200,000 to $1 million

13

10

24

16

12

34

 $1 million to $5 million

28

23

43

32

27

48

 $5 million to $10 million

26

23

19

17

16

5

 $10 million to $25 million

13

14

5

21

24

-

 Greater than $25 million

17

27

-

10

18

-

 Total

100

%

100

100

100

100

100

 By state:

 Ohio

26

%

30

20

25

28

36

 Michigan

20

18

36

22

19

19

 Florida

11

9

23

10

9

9

 Illinois

9

9

6

10

10

8

 Indiana

8

8

9

9

9

15

 Kentucky

5

5

2

6

6

8

 Tennessee

3

3

1

3

3

1

 Pennsylvania

2

2

-

1

2

-

 Missouri

1

1

-

1

1

-

 All other states

15

15

3

13

13

4

 Total

100

%

100

100

100

100

100

 (a)

 Outstanding reflects total commercial customer loan and lease balances, including held for sale and net of unearned income, and exposure reflects total
commercial customer lending commitments. 

Classification System), by loan size and by state, illustrating the diversity and granularity of the Bancorp’s portfolio. 

The commercial portfolio is characterized by 85% of outstanding balances and exposures concentrated within the Bancorp’s primary market areas of
Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, Florida, Tennessee, Pennsylvania, and Missouri. Exclusive of the national large-ticket leasing business, the commercial portfolio is characterized by 91% of outstanding balances and 89% of exposures
concentrated within these nine states. The following table provides further information on the location of commercial real estate and construction industry loans and leases. 

TABLE 27: OUTSTANDING COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE AND CONSTRUCTION LOANS AND LEASES BY STATE 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Michigan

$

4,692

4,637

 Ohio

4,167

4,072

 Florida

2,790

2,543

 Illinois

1,425

1,337

 Indiana

1,298

1,294

 Kentucky

791

794

 Tennessee

496

399

 All other states

1,131

1,066

 Total

$

16,790

16,142

 As of December 31, 2007, the Bancorp had outstanding homebuilder exposure of $4.4 billion, outstanding loans of $2.9 billion with $176 million in
nonaccrual loans. 

Residential Mortgage Portfolio 

The Bancorp manages credit risk in the mortgage portfolio through conservative underwriting and documentation standards and geographic and product diversification. The Bancorp may also package
and sell loans in the portfolio without recourse or may purchase mortgage insurance for the loans sold in order to mitigate credit risk. 

Certain mortgage products have contractual features that may increase credit exposure to the Bancorp in the event of a decline in housing prices. These types of mortgage products offered by the Bancorp include loans
with high LTV ratios, multiple loans on the same collateral that when combined result in a high LTV (“80/20”) and interest-only loans. Table 28 shows the Bancorp’s originations of these products for the years ended December 31,
2007 and 2006. The Bancorp does not originate mortgage loans that permit customers to defer principal payments or make payments that are less than the accruing interest. Table 29 provides the amount of these loans as a percent of the residential
mortgage loans in the Bancorp’s portfolio and the delinquency rates of these loan products as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. The Bancorp 

40    Fifth Third Bancorp     

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 28: RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE ORIGINATIONS 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

Percent of total

2006

Percent of total

 Greater than 80% LTV with no mortgage insurance

$265

2

%

$679

7

%

 Interest-only

1,720

15

1,283

14

 Greater than 80% LTV and interest-only

265

2

180

2

 80/20 loans

212

2

431

5

 80/20 loans and interest only

62

1

17

-

TABLE 29: RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE OUTSTANDINGS 

2007

2006

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

Balance

Percent of total

Delinquency Ratio

Balance

Percent of total

Delinquency Ratio

 Greater than 80% LTV with no mortgage insurance

$2,146

21

%

8.93

%

$1,893

23

%

3.79

%

 Interest-only

1,620

16

1.83

1,227

15

.14

 Greater than 80% LTV and interest-only

493

5

5.36

560

7

1.15

 80/20 loans

-

-

-

28

-

.72

 previously sold certain of these mortgage products in the secondary market with recourse. The outstanding balances and delinquency rates for these loans sold with recourse as of December 31, 2007 and 2006 were
$1.5 billion and 3.03% and $1.3 billion and 1.74%, respectively. Charge-offs on recourse loans were not material for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. The balance of the mortgage portfolio not included in Table 29 is characterized by
in footprint mortgage loans with less than 80% loan-to-value, with approximately two-thirds representing fixed rate mortgages. 

The Bancorp originates certain non-conforming residential mortgage loans known as “Alt-A” loans. Borrower qualifications are comparable to other conforming residential mortgage products and the Bancorp has sold, without recourse,
the majority of these loans into the secondary market. For the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp originated $756 million and $341 million of Alt-A mortgage loans. During 2007, approximately $152 million of Alt-A mortgage loans
were moved from held for sale to held for investment, and an impairment charge of approximately $3 million was recognized in mortgage banking net revenue. As of December 31, 2007, the Bancorp held $134 million of Alt-A mortgage loans for
investment with approximately $2.5 million in nonaccrual. As market conditions for these loans changed throughout 2007, management responded by making adjustments to underwriting standards and Alt-A loans are being underwritten and sold under an
agency flow sale agreement. 

Home Equity Portfolio 

The home equity portfolio is characterized by 86% of outstanding balances within the Bancorp’s Midwest footprint of Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana and Illinois. The portfolio has an
average FICO score of 734 as of December 31, 2007, comparable with 735 at December 31, 2006 and 738 at December 31, 2005. Further detail on location and origination LTV ratios is included in Table 30. 

Analysis of Nonperforming Assets 

A summary of nonperforming assets is included in Table 31. Nonperforming assets include: (i) nonaccrual loans and leases for which ultimate collectibility of the full amount of the principal and/or interest is uncertain;
(ii) restructured consumer loans which have not yet met the requirements to be classified 

as a performing asset; (iii) commercial loans and leases that have been renegotiated to provide for a reduction or deferral of interest or principal
because of deterioration in the financial position of the borrower and (iv) other assets, including other real estate owned and repossessed equipment. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when the principal or interest is past due 90 days or
more (unless the loan is both well secured and in process of collection) and payment of the full principal and/or interest under the contractual terms of the loan are not expected. Additionally, loans are placed on nonaccrual status upon
deterioration of the financial condition of the borrower or upon the restructuring of the loan. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, the accrual of interest, amortization of loan premium, accretion of loan discount and amortization or
accretion of deferred net loan fees or costs are discontinued and previously accrued but unpaid interest is reversed. Commercial loans on nonaccrual status are reviewed for impairment at least quarterly. If the principal or a portion of principal is
deemed a loss, the loss amount is charged off to the allowance for loan and lease losses. 

As of December 31, 2007 and
2006, nonperforming assets as a percentage of total loans and leases and other assets, including other real estate owned were 1.32% and .61%, respectively. Total nonperforming assets were $1.1 billion at December 31, 2007, an increase of $609
million compared to $455 million at December 31, 2006. The composition of nonaccrual credits continues to shift as 84% of nonaccrual credits were secured by real estate as of December 31, 2007 compared to 69% as of December 31, 2006
and 48% as of December 31, 2005. 

Commercial nonaccrual credits increased from $271 million as of December 31,
2006 to $672 million as of December 31, 2007. The majority of the increase was driven by the real estate and construction industries in the Southern Florida, Northeastern Ohio and Eastern Michigan affiliates. These affiliates combined to
account for 42% of commercial nonaccrual credits as of December 31, 2007. As shown in Table 26, the real estate and construction industries contributed to more than two-thirds of the increase in nonaccrual credits. At year end, a total of $57
million in nonaccrual credits were the result of the Crown acquisition. 

Consumer nonaccrual credits increased from $81
million as of December 31, 2006 to $221 million as of December 31, 2007. The 

TABLE 30: HOME EQUITY OUTSTANDINGS 

2007

2006

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

LTV lessthan 80%

LTV greaterthan 80%

DelinquencyRatio

LTV lessthan 80%

LTV greaterthan 80%

 Delinquency

Ratio

 Ohio

$1,873

$2,039

1.50

%

$2,006

$2,124

1.30

%

 Michigan

1,393

1,295

2.06

1,529

1,354

1.69

 Indiana

628

641

1.95

684

686

1.66

 Illinois

637

545

1.66

617

582

1.19

 Kentucky

508

594

1.52

533

631

1.11

 Florida

536

291

2.93

418

229

.96

 All other states

174

689

3.07

153

678

1.61

 Total

$5,749

$6,094

1.90

%

$5,940

$6,284

1.41

%

Fifth Third Bancorp    41 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 31: SUMMARY OF NONPERFORMING ASSETS AND
DELINQUENT LOANS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Commercial loans

$175

127

140

105

110

 Commercial mortgage loans

243

84

51

51

42

 Commercial construction loans

249

54

31

13

19

 Commercial leases

5

6

5

5

19

 Residential mortgages loans(a)

121

38

30

24

25

 Home equity(b)(d)

91

40

 Automobile loans(d)

3

3

 Credit card(c)

5

-

-

-

-

 Other consumer loans and leases(d)

1

-

37

30

27

 Total nonaccrual loans and leases

893

352

294

228

242

 Commercial renegotiated loans and leases

-

-

-

1

8

 Repossessed personal property and other real estate owned

171

103

67

74

69

 Total nonperforming assets

$1,064

455

361

303

319

 Commercial loans

$44

38

20

21

14

 Commercial mortgage loans

73

17

7

8

8

 Commercial construction loans

67

6

7

5

4

 Commercial leases

4

2

1

1

1

 Residential mortgages loans(e)

186

68

53

43

51

 Home equity(d)

72

51

 Automobile loans(d)

13

11

 Credit card

31

16

10

13

13

 Other consumer loans and leases(d)

1

1

57

51

54

 Total 90 days past due loans and leases

$491

210

155

142

145

 Nonperforming assets as a percent of total loans, leases and other assets, including other real estate owned

1.32

%

.61

.52

.51

.61

 Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percent of nonperforming
assets

88

170

206

235

219

 (a)

 Residential mortgage nonaccrual loans include debt restructurings of $29 million as of December 31, 2007. 

 (b)

 Home equity nonaccrual loans include debt restructurings of $46 million as of December 31, 2007. 

 (c)

 All nonaccrual credit card balances are the result of debt restructurings. 

 (d)

 Prior to 2006, other consumer loans and leases include home equity, automobile and other consumer loans and leases. 

 (e)

 Information for all periods presented excludes advances made pursuant to servicing agreements to Government National Mortgage Association (“GNMA”)
mortgage pools whose repayments are insured by the Federal Housing Administration or guaranteed by the Department of Veterans Affairs. As of December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, these advances were $25 million, $14 million and $13 million,
respectively. Information prior to 2004 was not available. 

 increase in consumer nonaccrual credits is primarily attributable to the housing markets in the Michigan and Florida affiliates and the restructuring of
certain high risk loans. Michigan and Florida nonaccrual credits accounted for 63% of the increase in nonaccrual credits in the consumer loan portfolio and, as of December 31, 2007, represented approximately half of the consumer nonaccrual
credits. The Bancorp has devoted significant attention to loss mitigation activities and, during the past year, decreased the timing between delinquency and repossession of automobiles and proactively restructured certain real estate loans. Consumer
restructured loans are recorded as nonaccrual credits until there is a sustained period of payment by the borrower, generally a minimum of six months of payments in accordance with the loans’ modified terms. Consumer restructured loans
contributed approximately $80 million to nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2007. 

Included in nonaccrual credits as
of December 31, 2007 were $43 million of loans and leases currently performing in accordance with contractual terms, but for which there were serious doubts as to the ability of the borrower to comply with such terms. For the years 2007 and
2006, interest income of $22 million and $10 million, respectively, was recorded on nonaccrual and renegotiated loans and leases. For the years ended 2007 and 2006, additional interest income of $144 million and $85 million, respectively, would have
been recorded if the nonaccrual and renegotiated loans and leases had been current in accordance with the original terms. Although this value helps demonstrate the costs of carrying nonaccrual credits, the Bancorp does not expect to recover the full
amount of interest as nonaccrual loans and leases are generally carried below their principal balance. 

Analysis of Net Loan
Charge-offs 

Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases were 61 bp for 2007, compared to 44 bp for 2006. Table 32
provides a summary of credit loss experience and net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans and leases outstanding by loan category. 

 The ratio of commercial loan net
charge-offs to average commercial loans outstanding increased to 43 bp in 2007 compared to 34 bp in 2006 due to increases in net charge-offs in the commercial mortgage and commercial construction captions as homebuilders and developers were affected
by the downturn in the real estate markets. Commercial net charge-offs in the Michigan affiliates grew $30 million over 2006, with the most stress appearing in the Detroit metro area. Commercial net charge-offs in the Florida affiliates grew $13
million over 2006. The Chicago affiliate also displayed a $21 million increase in commercial charge-offs, primarily due to a $15 million fraud related loss during the fourth quarter of 2007. 

The ratio of consumer loan net charge-offs to average consumer loans outstanding increased to 84 bp in 2007 compared to 55 bp in 2006.
Residential mortgage charge-offs increased 21 bp compared to 2006, reflecting increased foreclosure rates in the Bancorp’s key lending markets and the related increase in severity of loss on mortgage loans. During 2007, Florida, Michigan and
Ohio were ranked among the top states in total mortgage foreclosures. These foreclosures not only added to the volume of charge-offs, but also hampered the Bancorp’s ability to recover the value of the homes collateralizing the mortgages as
they contributed to declining home prices. Florida affiliates experienced the most stress, with residential mortgage net charge-offs increasing $11 million over 2006. Home equity charge-offs increased $41 million to 82 bp of average loans, primarily
due to increases in the Michigan and Florida affiliates and among those products originated through a broker channel. Brokered home equity loans represented 50% of home equity charge-offs during 2007 despite representing only 23% of home equity
lines and loans as of December 31, 2007. Management responded to the performance of the brokered home equity portfolio by reducing originations in 2007 of this product by 64% compared to 2006 and, at the end of 2007, eliminating this channel of
origination. The ratio of automobile loan net charge-offs to average automobile 

42    Fifth Third Bancorp     

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 32: SUMMARY OF CREDIT LOSS EXPERIENCE 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Losses charged off:

 Commercial loans

$

(121

)

(131

)

(99

)

(95

)

(153

)

 Commercial mortgage loans

(46

)

(27

)

(13

)

(14

)

(9

)

 Commercial construction loans

(29

)

(7

)

(5

)

(7

)

(4

)

 Commercial leases

(1

)

(4

)

(38

)

(8

)

(24

)

 Residential mortgage loans

(43

)

(23

)

(19

)

(15

)

(24

)

 Home equity

(106

)

(65

)

(60

)

(52

)

(52

)

 Automobile loans

(117

)

(87

)

(63

)

(56

)

(41

)

 Credit card

(54

)

(36

)

(46

)

(35

)

(31

)

 Other consumer loans and leases

(27

)

(28

)

(30

)

(39

)

(42

)

 Total losses

(544

)

(408

)

(373

)

(321

)

(380

)

 Recoveries of losses previously charged off:

 Commercial loans

12

24

24

14

16

 Commercial mortgage loans

2

3

3

5

2

 Commercial construction loans

-

-

1

-

-

 Commercial leases

1

5

1

1

2

 Residential mortgage loans

-

-

-

-

-

 Home equity

9

9

10

10

15

 Automobile loans

32

30

18

18

12

 Credit card

8

5

5

6

5

 Other consumer loans and leases

18

16

12

15

16

 Total recoveries

82

92

74

69

68

 Net losses charged off:

 Commercial loans

(109

)

(107

)

(75

)

(81

)

(137

)

 Commercial mortgage loans

(44

)

(24

)

(10

)

(9

)

(7

)

 Commercial construction loans

(29

)

(7

)

(4

)

(7

)

(4

)

 Commercial leases

-

1

(37

)

(7

)

(22

)

 Residential mortgage loans

(43

)

(23

)

(19

)

(15

)

(24

)

 Home equity

(97

)

(56

)

(50

)

(42

)

(37

)

 Automobile loans

(85

)

(57

)

(45

)

(38

)

(29

)

 Credit card

(46

)

(31

)

(41

)

(29

)

(26

)

 Other consumer loans and leases

(9

)

(12

)

(18

)

(24

)

(26

)

 Total net losses charged off

$

(462

)

(316

)

(299

)

(252

)

(312

)

 Net charge-offs as a percent of average loans and leases (excluding held for sale):

 Commercial loans

.49

%

.53

.41

.54

1.00

 Commercial mortgage loans

.40

.25

.10

.12

.10

 Commercial construction loans

.51

.11

.08

.17

.10

 Commercial leases

.01

(.03

)

1.06

.21

.72

 Total commercial loans and leases

.43

.34

.35

.35

.64

 Residential mortgage loans

.48

.27

.23

.25

.53

 Home equity

.82

.46

.44

.44

.43

 Automobile loans

.83

.60

.53

.48

.40

 Credit card

3.55

3.65

5.65

3.92

4.70

 Other consumer loans and leases

.83

.91

1.06

.98

1.06

 Total consumer loans and leases

.84

.55

.57

.56

.61

 Total net losses charged off

.61

%

.44

.45

.45

.63

 loans increased to 83 bp in 2007 compared to 60 bp in 2006 displaying an expected increase due to a shift in the portfolio to a higher percentage of used automobiles and an increase in loss of severity due to a market
surplus of used automobiles. The net charge-off ratio on credit card balances modestly declined compared to the prior year primarily due to a large origination of card balances in 2007. Although the credit characteristics of the credit card
portfolio have been maintained during the origination of new cards, including the weighted average FICO and average line outstanding, the Bancorp does expect the charge-off ratio to increase as the portfolio matures. The Bancorp employs a
risk-adjusted pricing methodology to ensure adequate compensation is received for those products that have higher credit costs. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

The allowance for credit losses is comprised of the allowance for loan and lease losses
and the reserve for unfunded commitments. The allowance for loan and lease losses provides coverage for probable and estimable losses in the loan and lease portfolio. The Bancorp evaluates the allowance each quarter to determine its adequacy to
cover inherent losses. Several factors are taken into consideration in the determination of the overall allowance for loan and lease losses, including the unallocated 

component. These factors include, but are not limited to, the overall risk profile of the loan and lease portfolios, net charge-off experience, the extent of
impaired loans and leases, the level of nonaccrual loans and leases, the level of 90 days past due loans and leases and the overall percentage level of the allowance for loan and lease losses. The Bancorp also considers overall asset quality trends,
credit administration and portfolio management practices, risk identification practices, credit policy and underwriting practices, overall portfolio growth, portfolio concentrations and current national and local economic conditions that might
impact the portfolio. 

In 2007, the Bancorp has not substantively changed any material aspect to its overall approach in the
determination of the allowance for loan and lease losses and there have been no material changes in criteria or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods that impacted the determination of the current period allowance. In addition to the
allowance for loan and lease losses, the Bancorp maintains a reserve for unfunded commitments. The methodology used to determine the adequacy of this reserve is similar to the Bancorp’s methodology for determining the allowance for loan and
lease losses. The provision for unfunded commitments is included in other noninterest expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Table 33 shows the changes in the allowance for credit losses during 2007. 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    43 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 33: CHANGES IN ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Balance, beginning of year

$847

814

785

770

683

 Net losses charged off

(462)

(316)

(299)

(252)

(312)

 Provision for loan and lease losses

628

343

330

268

399

 Net change in reserve for unfunded commitments

19

6

(2)

(1)

-

 Balance, end of year

$1,032

847

814

785

770

 Components of allowance for credit losses:

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

$937

771

744

713

697

 Reserve for unfunded commitments

95

76

70

72

73

 Total allowance for credit losses

$1,032

847

814

785

770

 Certain inherent but undetected losses are probable within the loan and lease portfolio. An unallocated component to the allowance for
loan and lease losses is maintained to recognize the imprecision in estimating and measuring loss. The Bancorp’s current methodology for determining this measure is based on historical loss rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on
impaired commercial credits and other qualitative adjustments. Approximately 90% of the required reserves come from the baseline historical loss rates, specific reserve estimates and current credit grades; while 10% comes from qualitative
adjustments. As a result, the required reserves tend to slightly lag the deterioration in the portfolio due to the heavy reliance on realized historical losses and the credit grade rating process. Consequently, a larger unallocated allowance is
required towards the end of the stronger part of the credit cycle. As the credit cycle deteriorates and the actual loss rates and downgrades increase, the Bancorp’s methodology will result in a lower unallocated allowance as the incurred losses
are reflected into the main components of the methodology that drive the majority of the required reserve calculations. Unallocated allowance as a percent of total portfolio loans and leases for the year ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were
.06%. 

The allowance for loan and lease losses at December 31, 2007 increased to 1.17% of the total portfolio loans and
leases compared to 1.04% at December 31, 2006. This increase is reflective of a number of factors including: the increase in delinquencies, the real estate price deterioration in some the Bancorp’s key lending markets, the increase in
automobile loans and credit card balances and the modest decline in 

economic conditions. These factors were the primary drivers of the increased reserve factors for most of the Bancorp’s loan categories. Table 34
provides the amount of the allowance for loan and lease losses by category. 

Real estate price deterioration, as determined
by the Home Price Index, was most prevalent in Michigan, due in part to cutbacks by automobile manufacturers, and Florida, due to past real estate price appreciation and related overdevelopment. The Bancorp has sizable exposure in both of these
markets. The deterioration in real estate values increased the expected loss once a loan becomes delinquent, particularly for home equity loans with high loan-to-value ratios. 

During 2007, the Bancorp grew credit card balances as part of an initiative to more fully develop relationships with its current customers. In addition, the composition of the automobile loan
portfolio changed to include a larger percentage of used automobiles. Although these products naturally produce higher charge-offs, which creates the need for a larger allowance for credit losses, the Bancorp employs a risk-adjusted pricing
methodology to ensure adequate compensation is received for those products that have higher credit costs. 

If trends in
charge-offs, delinquent loans and economic conditions continue to deteriorate in 2008, the Bancorp would expect to record a larger allowance for credit losses in accordance with its allowance methodology. Overall, the Bancorp’s long history of
low exposure limits, lack of exposure to subprime lending businesses, centralized risk management and its diversified portfolio reduces the likelihood of significant unexpected credit losses. 

TABLE 34: ATTRIBUTION OF ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES TO PORTFOLIO LOANS
AND LEASES 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Allowance attributed to:

 Commercial loans

$271

252

201

210

234

 Commercial mortgage loans

135

95

78

73

77

 Commercial construction loans

98

49

46

42

34

 Residential mortgage loans

67

51

38

45

29

 Consumer loans

287

247

183

160

146

 Lease financing

32

29

56

47

64

 Unallocated

47

48

142

136

113

 Total allowance for loan and lease
losses

$937

771

744

713

697

 Portfolio loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

$24,813

20,831

19,253

16,107

14,244

 Commercial mortgage loans

11,862

10,405

9,188

7,636

6,894

 Commercial construction loans

5,561

6,168

6,342

4,347

3,301

 Residential mortgage loans

10,540

8,830

7,847

7,366

4,760

 Consumer loans

22,943

23,204

22,006

18,875

17,398

 Lease financing

4,534

4,915

5,289

5,477

5,711

 Total portfolio loans and leases

$80,253

74,353

69,925

59,808

52,308

 Attributed allowance as a percent of respective portfolio loans:

 Commercial loans

1.09%

1.21

1.05

1.31

1.65

 Commercial mortgage loans

1.14

.91

.85

.96

1.12

 Commercial construction loans

1.77

.80

.72

.96

1.03

 Residential mortgage loans

.63

.58

.49

.61

.61

 Consumer loans

1.25

1.06

.83

.85

.84

 Lease financing

.69

.59

1.06

.86

1.12

 Unallocated (as a percent of total portfolio loans and leases)

.06

.06

.20

.23

.22

 Total portfolio loans and leases

1.17%

1.04

1.06

1.19

1.33

44    Fifth Third Bancorp     

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 

Market risk
arises from the potential for market fluctuations in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices that may result in potential reductions in net income. Interest rate risk, a component of market risk, is the exposure to adverse changes
in net interest income or financial position due to changes in interest rates. Management considers interest rate risk a prominent market risk in terms of its potential impact on earnings. Interest rate risk can occur for any one or more of the
following reasons: 

 •

 Assets and liabilities may mature or reprice at different times; 

 •

 Short-term and long-term market interest rates may change by different amounts; or 

 •

 The expected maturity of various assets or liabilities may shorten or lengthen as interest rates change. 

In addition to the direct impact of interest rate changes on net interest income, interest rates can indirectly impact earnings through their effect on
loan demand, credit losses, mortgage originations, the value of servicing rights and other sources of the Bancorp’s earnings. Stability of the Bancorp’s net interest income is largely dependent upon the effective management of interest
rate risk. Management continually reviews the Bancorp’s balance sheet composition and models the interest rate risk, and possible actions to reduce this risk, given numerous possible future interest rate scenarios. 

Net Interest Income Simulation Model 

The Bancorp employs a variety of measurement techniques to identify and manage its interest rate risk, including the use of an earnings simulation model to analyze net interest income sensitivity to changing interest rates. The model is
based on contractual and assumed cash flows and repricing characteristics for all of the Bancorp’s financial instruments, and incorporates market-based assumptions regarding the effect of changing interest rates on the prepayment rates of
certain assets and liabilities. The model also includes senior management projections of the future volume and pricing of each of the product lines offered by the Bancorp as well as other pertinent assumptions. Actual results will differ from these
simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies. 

The Bancorp’s Executive Asset Liability Committee (“ALCO”), which includes senior management representatives and is accountable to the Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors, monitors
and manages interest rate risk within Board approved policy limits. In addition to the risk management activities of ALCO, the Bancorp has a Market Risk Management function as part of ERM that provides independent oversight of market risk
activities. The Bancorp’s current interest rate risk exposure is evaluated by measuring the anticipated change in net interest income over 12-month and 24-month horizons assuming a 200 bp parallel ramped increase or decrease in market interest
rates. In accordance with the current policy, the rate movements are assumed to occur over one year and are sustained thereafter. 

Table 35 shows the Bancorp’s estimated earnings sensitivity profile and the ALCO policy limits on the asset and liability positions as of December 31, 2007: 

TABLE 35: ESTIMATED EARNINGS SENSITIVITY PROFILE 

 Change in Net
InterestIncome (FTE)

 ALCO Policy
Limits

Change inInterest
Rates (bp)

 12

Months

 13 to 24

Months

 12

Months

 13 to 24

Months

 +200

(.31)%

3.19

(5.00)

(7.00)

 +100

(.30)

1.53

-

-

 -100

1.11

.60

-

-

 -200

1.44

(2.70)

(5.00)

(7.00)

Economic Value of Equity 

The Bancorp also employs economic value of equity (“EVE”) as a measurement tool in managing interest rate sensitivity. Whereas net interest income simulation highlights exposures

over a relatively short time horizon, the EVE analysis incorporates all cash flows over the estimated remaining life of all balance sheet and derivative
positions. The EVE of the balance sheet, at a point in time, is defined as the discounted present value of asset and derivative cash flows less the discounted value of liability cash flows. The sensitivity of EVE to changes in the level of interest
rates is a measure of the longer-term interest rate risk. In contrast to the net interest income simulation, which assumes interest rates will change over a period of time, EVE uses instantaneous changes in rates. EVE values only the current balance
sheet and does not incorporate the growth assumptions used in the net interest income simulation model. As with the net interest income simulation model, assumptions about the timing and variability of balance sheet cash flows are critical in the
EVE analysis. Particularly important are the assumptions driving prepayments and the expected changes in balances and pricing of the transaction deposit portfolios. The following table shows the Bancorp’s EVE sensitivity profile as of
December 31, 2007: 

TABLE 36: ESTIMATED EVE SENSITIVITY PROFILE 

 Change in

Interest Rates (bp)

Change in EVE

ALCO Policy Limits

 +200

(8.18)%

(20.0)

 -200

2.06

(20.0)

While an instantaneous shift in interest rates is used in this analysis to provide
an estimate of exposure, the Bancorp believes that a gradual shift in interest rates would have a much more modest impact. Since EVE measures the discounted present value of cash flows over the estimated lives of instruments, the change in EVE does
not directly correlate to the degree that earnings would be impacted over a shorter time horizon (i.e., the current fiscal year). Further, EVE does not take into account factors such as future balance sheet growth, changes in product mix, changes in
yield curve relationships and changing product spreads that could mitigate the adverse impact of changes in interest rates. The net interest income simulation and EVE analyses do not necessarily include certain actions that management may undertake
to manage this risk in response to anticipated changes in interest rates. 

Use of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate Risk 

An integral component of the Bancorp’s interest rate risk management strategy is its use of derivative instruments to minimize
significant fluctuations in earnings and cash flows caused by changes in market interest rates. Examples of derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, interest
rate floors, interest rate caps, forward contracts, principal only swaps, options and swaptions. 

As part of its overall
risk management strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity, the Bancorp enters into forward contracts accounted for as free-standing derivatives to economically hedge interest rate lock commitments that are also considered free-standing
derivatives. In addition, the Bancorp hedges its exposure to mortgage loans held for sale. 

The Bancorp also establishes
derivative contracts with reputable third parties to economically hedge significant exposures assumed in commercial customer accommodation derivative contracts. Generally, these contracts have similar terms in order to protect the Bancorp from
market volatility. Credit risks arise from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts, which the Bancorp minimizes through approvals, limits and monitoring procedures. The notional amount and fair values of these
derivatives as of December 31, 2007 are included in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    45 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 37: PORTFOLIO LOAN AND LEASE PRINCIPAL CASH FLOWS 

 As of December 31, 2007 ($ in millions)

Less than 1 year

1-5 years

Greater than 5years

Total

 Commercial loans

$13,266

10,035

1,512

24,813

 Commercial mortgage loans

5,154

4,946

1,762

11,862

 Commercial construction loans

3,860

1,302

399

5,561

 Commercial leases

615

1,523

1,599

3,737

 Residential mortgage loans

2,795

4,066

3,679

10,540

 Home equity

2,300

4,878

4,696

11,874

 Automobile loans

3,305

5,377

519

9,201

 Credit card

191

1,400

-

1,591

 Other consumer loans and leases

486

536

52

1,074

 Total

$31,972

34,063

14,218

80,253

TABLE 38: PORTFOLIO LOAN AND LEASE PRINCIPAL CASH FLOWS OCCURRING AFTER ONE YEAR 

Interest Rate

 As of December 31, 2007 ($ in millions)

Fixed

Floating or Adjustable

 Commercial loans

$2,546

9,001

 Commercial mortgage loans

2,339

4,369

 Commercial construction loans

432

1,269

 Commercial leases

3,122

-

 Residential mortgage loans

4,217

3,528

 Home equity

1,673

7,901

 Automobile loans

5,896

-

 Credit card

470

930

 Other consumer loans and leases

579

9

 Total

$21,274

27,007

 Portfolio Loans and Leases and Interest Rate Risk 

Although the Bancorp’s portfolio loans and leases contain both fixed and floating/adjustable rate products, the rates of interest earned by the Bancorp on the outstanding balances are generally established for a
period of time. The interest rate sensitivity of loans and leases is directly related to the length of time the rate earned is established. Table 37 shows a summary of the expected principal cash flows of the Bancorp’s portfolio loans and
leases as of December 31, 2007. Additionally, Table 38 shows a summary of expected principal cash flows occurring after one year as of December 31, 2007. 

Mortgage Servicing Rights and Interest Rate Risk 

The net carrying amount of the MSR portfolio
was $610 million as of December 31, 2007 compared to $519 million as of December 31, 2006. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity in order to manage a portion of the risk
associated with changes in the value of its MSR portfolio as a result of changing interest rates. The value of servicing rights can fluctuate sharply depending on changes in interest rates and other factors. Generally, as interest rates decline and
loans are prepaid to take advantage of refinancing opportunities, the total value of existing servicing rights declines because no further servicing fees are collected on repaid loans. 

The decrease in interest rates, particularly during the fourth quarter of 2007, led to the recognition of $22 million in temporary
impairment of servicing rights during 2007, compared to a recovery of temporary impairment of $19 million in 2006. Servicing rights are deemed temporarily impaired when a borrower’s loan rate is distinctly higher than prevailing market rates.
Impairment on servicing rights is reversed when the prevailing rates return to a level commensurate with the borrower’s loan rate. The Bancorp recognized a gain of $29 million in 2007 and a loss of $6 million in 2006 on free-standing
derivatives and the sale of securities used to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. See Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on servicing rights. 

Foreign Currency Risk 

The Bancorp enters into foreign exchange
derivative contracts to economically hedge certain foreign denominated loans. The derivatives are classified as free-standing instruments with the revaluation gain or loss being recorded within other noninterest 

income on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The balance of the Bancorp’s foreign denominated loans at December 31, 2007 was approximately $329
million compared to approximately $219 million at December 31, 2006. The Bancorp also enters into foreign exchange contracts for the benefit of commercial customers involved in international trade to hedge their exposure to foreign currency
fluctuations. The Bancorp has several internal controls in place to ensure excessive risk is not being taken in providing this service to customers. These include an independent determination of currency volatility and credit equivalent exposure on
these contracts, counterparty credit approvals and country limits. 

LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT 

The goal of liquidity management is to provide adequate funds to meet changes in loan and lease demand, unexpected deposit withdrawals and other
contractual obligations. A summary of certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts is included in Table 42. Mitigating liquidity risk is accomplished by maintaining liquid assets in the form of investment securities,
maintaining sufficient unused borrowing capacity in the national money markets and delivering consistent growth in core deposits. The estimated weighted-average life of the available-for-sale portfolio was 6.8 years at December 31, 2007, based
on current prepayment expectations. Of the $10.7 billion (fair value basis) of securities in the available-for-sale portfolio at December 31, 2007, $2.0 billion in principal and interest is expected to be received in the next 12 months, and an
additional $1.5 billion is expected to be received in the next 13 to 24 months. In addition to available-for-sale securities, asset-driven liquidity is provided by the Bancorp’s ability to sell or securitize loan and lease assets. In order to
reduce the exposure to interest rate fluctuations and to manage liquidity, the Bancorp has developed securitization and sale procedures for several types of interest-sensitive assets. A majority of the long-term, fixed-rate single-family residential
mortgage loans underwritten according to FHLMC or Federal National Mortgage Association (“FNMA”) guidelines are sold for cash upon origination. Additional assets such as jumbo fixed-rate residential mortgages, certain floating rate
short-term commercial loans, certain floating-rate home equity loans, certain automobile loans and other consumer loans are also capable of being securitized, sold or transferred off-balance sheet. For the year ended December 31, 2007 and 2006,

46    Fifth Third Bancorp     

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 39: AGENCY RATINGS 

 As of December 31, 2007

Moody’s

Standard and Poor’s

Fitch

DBRS

 Fifth Third Bancorp:

 Commercial paper

Prime-1

A-1

F1+

R-1M

 Senior debt

Aa3

A+

AA-

AAL

 Subordinated debt

A1

A

A+

A

 Fifth Third Bank and Fifth Third Bank (Michigan):

 Short-term deposit

Prime-1

A-1+

F1+

R-1H

 Long-term deposit

Aa2

AA-

AA

AA

 Senior debt

Aa2

AA-

AA-

 Subordinated debt

Aa3

A+

A+

 loans totaling $12.2 billion and $9.2 billion, respectively, were sold, securitized or transferred off-balance sheet. 

In 2007, an indirect, wholly-owned special purpose subsidiary of the Bancorp established an effective shelf registration with the SEC to issue securities backed by automobile loans originated by the Bancorp’s
Ohio and Michigan subsidiary banks. As of December 31, 2007, the Bancorp held $2.0 billion in held for sale automobile loans. The effect of the forecasted sale and securitization of these loans on the Bancorp’s financial results will
depend on future market developments and related management decisions. 

Additionally, the Bancorp has a shelf registration
in place with the SEC permitting ready access to the public debt markets and qualifies as a “well-known seasoned issuer” under SEC rules. As of December 31, 2007, $5.8 billion of debt or other securities were available for issuance
from this shelf registration under the current Bancorp’s Board of Directors’ authorizations. The Bancorp also has $16.2 billion of funding available for issuance through private offerings of debt securities pursuant to its bank note
program. These sources, in addition to a 9.35% average equity capital base, provide the Bancorp with a stable funding base. 

Core deposits have historically provided the Bancorp with a sizeable source of relatively stable and low cost funds. The Bancorp’s average core deposits and shareholders’ equity funded 70% of its average total assets during 2007.
In addition to core deposit funding, the Bancorp also accesses a variety of other short-term and long-term funding sources, which include the use of various regional Federal Home Loan Banks as a funding source. Certificates carrying a balance of
$100,000 or more and deposits in the Bancorp’s foreign branch located in the Cayman Islands are wholesale funding tools utilized to fund asset growth. Management does not rely on any one source of liquidity and manages availability in response
to changing balance sheet needs. 

Table 39 provides Moody’s, Standard and Poor’s, Fitch’s and DBRS deposit
and debt ratings for the Bancorp, Fifth Third Bank and Fifth Third Bank (Michigan). These debt ratings, along with capital ratios above regulatory guidelines, provide the Bancorp with additional access to liquidity. 

CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 

The Bancorp
maintains a relatively high level of capital as a margin of safety for its depositors and shareholders. At December 31, 2007, shareholders’ equity was $9.2 billion, 

compared to $10.0 billion at December 31, 2006. Tangible equity as a percent of tangible assets was 6.05% at December 31, 2007 and 7.79% at
December 31, 2006. The declines in shareholders’ equity and the tangible equity ratios are primarily a result of $1.1 billion in share repurchases during 2007. In March, August, and October of 2007, Fifth Third Capital Trust IV, V and VI,
wholly-owned non-consolidated subsidiaries of the Bancorp, issued $750 million, $575 million and $863 million of Tier I-qualifying trust preferred securities to third party investors and invested the proceeds in junior subordinated notes issued by
the Bancorp. See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of these issuances. 

Regulatory capital ratios were lower compared with the prior year and were negatively affected by $1.1 billion in common stock share repurchases throughout 2007, the approximately $690 million repurchase of Tier I-qualifying outstanding
shares of its Fifth Third REIT Series B Preferred Stock on December 27, 2007 and 12% growth in risk-weighted assets. The negative impacts of these factors were partially offset by the previously mentioned issuance of Tier I-qualifying trust
preferred securities. 

The Federal Reserve Board established quantitative measures that assign risk weightings to assets and
off-balance sheet items and also define and set minimum regulatory capital requirements (risk-based capital ratios). Additionally, the guidelines define “well-capitalized” ratios for Tier I, total risk-based capital and leverage as 6%, 10%
and 5%, respectively. The Bancorp exceeded these “well-capitalized” ratios for all periods presented. See Note 25 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding regulatory capital ratios. 

Dividend Policy and Stock Repurchase Program 

The Bancorp views dividends and share repurchases as an effective means of delivering value to shareholders. The Bancorp’s common stock dividend policy reflects its earnings outlook, desired payout ratios, the
need to maintain adequate capital levels and alternative investment opportunities. In 2007, the Bancorp paid dividends per common share of $1.70, an increase of eight percent over the $1.58 paid in 2006 and an increase of 16% over the $1.46 paid in
2005. 

The Bancorp’s stock repurchase program is an important element of its capital planning activities. The
Bancorp’s repurchase of equity securities is shown in Table 41 and details on 

TABLE 40: CAPITAL RATIOS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

2004

2003

 Average equity as a percent of average assets

9.35

%

9.32

9.06

9.34

10.01

 Tangible equity as a percent of tangible assets

6.05

7.79

6.87

8.35

8.56

 Tier I capital

$8,924

8,625

8,209

8,522

8,168

 Total risk-based capital

11,733

11,385

10,240

10,176

9,992

 Risk-weighted assets

115,529

102,823

98,293

82,633

74,477

 Regulatory capital ratios:

 Tier I capital

7.72

%

8.39

8.35

10.31

10.97

 Total risk-based capital

10.16

11.07

10.42

12.31

13.42

 Tier I leverage

8.50

8.44

8.08

8.89

9.11

    Fifth Third Bancorp    47 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

TABLE 41: SHARE REPURCHASES 

 For the years ended December 31

2007

2006

2005

 Shares authorized for repurchase at January 1

15,807,045

17,846,953

35,685,112

 Additional authorizations

30,000,000

-

20,000,000

 Shares repurchases(a)

(26,605,527)

(2,039,908)

(37,838,159)

 Shares authorized for repurchase at December 31

19,201,518

15,807,045

17,846,953

 Average price paid per share

$40.70

39.72

43.19

 (a)

 Excludes 365,867, 357,612 and 134,435 shares repurchased during 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively, in connection with various employee compensation plans.
These repurchases are not included in the calculation for average price paid and do not count against the maximum number of shares that may yet be repurchased under the Board of Directors’ authorization. 

 the repurchase activity can be found in Note 18 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. On May 21, 2007, the Bancorp announced that its Board of Directors had authorized
management to purchase 30 million shares of the Bancorp’s common stock through the open market or in any private transaction. The timing of the purchases and the exact number of shares to be purchased depends upon market conditions. The
authorization does not include specific price targets or an expiration date. At December 31, 2007, the Bancorp had approximately 19 million shares remaining under the current Board of Directors’ authorization. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Bancorp consolidates all of its majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities for which the Bancorp is the primary beneficiary. Other entities, including certain joint ventures in which there is greater than 20% ownership,
but upon which the Bancorp does not possess and cannot exert significant influence or control, are accounted for by equity method accounting and not consolidated. Those entities in which there is less than 20% ownership are generally carried at the
lower of cost or fair value. 

In the ordinary course of business, the Bancorp enters into financial transactions to extend
credit, and various forms of commitments and guarantees that may be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. These transactions involve varying elements of market, credit and liquidity risk. The nature and extent of these transactions are provided
in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, the Bancorp uses conduits, asset securitizations and certain defined guarantees to provide a source of funding. The use of these investment vehicles involves differing
degrees of risk. A summary of these transactions is provided below. 

Through December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp
had transferred, subject to credit recourse, certain primarily floating-rate, short-term, investment grade commercial loans to an unconsolidated qualified special purpose entity (“QSPE”) that is wholly owned by an independent third-party.
Generally, the loans transferred provide a lower yield due to their investment grade nature, and therefore transferring theses loans to the QSPE allows the Bancorp to reduce its exposure to these lower yielding loan assets while maintaining the
customer relationships. Under current accounting provisions, QSPEs are exempt from consolidation and, therefore, not included in the Bancorp’s financial statements. The outstanding balance of such loans at December 31, 2007 and 2006 was
$3.0 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2007, the loans transferred had a weighted average life of 2.3 years. These loans may be transferred back to the Bancorp upon the occurrence of certain specified events. These
events include borrower default on the loans transferred, bankruptcy preferences initiated against underlying borrowers and ineligible loans transferred by the Bancorp to the QSPE. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by
the underlying borrowers is approximately equivalent to the total outstanding balance. In 2007 and 2006, the QSPE did not transfer any loans back to the Bancorp as a result of a credit event. In addition, there have been no material changes in the
overall ratings of the loans transferred to the QSPE. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the Bancorp collected $1.1 

billion in cash proceeds from loan transfers and $30 million in fees from the QSPE. For the year ended December 31, 2006, the Bancorp collected $1.6
billion in cash proceeds from loan transfers and $30 million in fees from the QSPE. 

The QSPE issues commercial paper and
uses the proceeds to fund the acquisition of commercial loans transferred to it by the Bancorp. The Bancorp also agrees to provide liquidity support to the QSPE. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, the liquidity agreement was $5.0 billion and
$3.8 billion, respectively. The increase in liquidity facility during 2007 was due to the anticipated increase in the volume of commercial loans transferred to the QSPE. During the second half of 2007, the Bancorp purchased asset-backed commercial
paper from the QSPE and, as of December 31, 2007, held $83 million of the QSPE’s asset-backed commercial paper. The decision to purchase commercial paper from the QSPE was due to widening credit spreads in the commercial paper market and
not due to a material difficulty in obtaining funding. At December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp’s loss reserve related to the liquidity support and credit enhancement provided to the QSPE was $19 million and $16 million, respectively,
and was recorded in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The Bancorp utilizes securitization trusts formed
by independent third parties to facilitate the securitization process of residential mortgage loans, certain floating-rate home equity lines of credit, certain automobile loans and other consumer loans. The cash flows to and from the securitization
trusts are principally limited to the initial proceeds from the securitization trust at the time of sale, with subsequent cash flows relating to interests that continue to held by the Bancorp. The Bancorp’s securitization policy permits the
retention of subordinated tranches, servicing rights, interest-only strips, residual interests, limited credit recourse and, in some cases, a cash reserve account. At December 31, 2007, the Bancorp had retained servicing assets totaling $618
million, subordinated tranche security interests totaling $3 million and residual interests totaling $10 million. At December 31, 2006, the Bancorp had retained servicing assets totaling $524 million, subordinated tranche security interests
totaling $15 million and residual interests totaling $21 million. For the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 cash proceeds from transfers reinvested in revolving-period securities totaled $73 million and $97 million, respectively.
Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp received fees of $2 million and $5 million, respectively, from securitization trusts. 

At December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp had provided credit recourse on approximately $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage loans sold to unrelated third
parties. In the event of any customer default, pursuant to the credit recourse provided, the Bancorp is required to reimburse the third party. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent
to the total outstanding balance. In the event of nonperformance, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral value attached to the loan. The Bancorp maintained an estimated credit loss reserve of approximately $17 million and $18 million
relating to these residential mortgage loans sold at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp 

48    Fifth Third Bancorp     

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

used an approach that is consistent with its overall approach in estimating credit losses for various categories of residential mortgage loans held in its
loan portfolio. 

Contractual Obligations and Commitments 

The Bancorp has certain obligations and commitments to make future payments under contracts. The aggregate contractual obligations and commitments at December 31, 2007 are shown in Table 42.
As of December 31, 2007, the 

Bancorp has unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate in future periods. Due to the uncertainty of the amounts to be
ultimately paid as well as the timing of such payments, all uncertain tax liabilities that have not been paid have been excluded from the Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments table. Further detail on the impact of income taxes is located in
Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

TABLE 42: CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS AND OTHER COMMITMENTS 

 As of December 31, 2007 ($ in millions)

 Less than

1 year

1-3 years

3-5 years

 Greater than

5 years

Total

 Contractually obligated payments due by period:

 Total deposits (a)

$73,528

308

60

1,549

75,445

 Long-term debt (b)

2,225

3,623

1,008

6,001

12,857

 Short-term borrowings (c)

9,174

-

-

-

9,174

 Noncancelable leases (d)

78

142

120

394

734

 Partnership investment commitments (e)

307

-

-

-

307

 Pension obligations (f)

20

41

38

83

182

 Capital expenditures (g)

94

-

-

-

94

 Purchase obligations (h)

17

27

8

-

52

 Total contractually obligated payments due by period

$85,443

4,141

1,234

8,027

98,845

 Other commitments by expiration period:

 Commitments to extend credit (i)

$28,571

21,217

-

-

49,788

 Letters of credit (j)

2,759

3,419

1,849

495

8,522

 Total other commitments by expiration period

$31,330

24,636

1,849

495

58,310

 (a)

 Includes demand, interest checking, savings, money market, other time, certificates $100,000 and over and foreign office deposits. For additional information,
see the Deposits discussion in the Balance Sheet Analysis section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis. 

 (b)

 In the banking industry, interest-bearing obligations are principally used to fund interest-earning assets. As such, interest charges on contractual
obligations were excluded from reported amounts, as the potential cash outflows would have corresponding cash inflows from interest-earning assets. See Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these
debt instruments. 

 (c)

 Includes federal funds purchased and borrowings with an original maturity of less than one year. For additional information, see Note 12 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 (d)

 Includes both operating and capital leases. 

 (e)

 Includes low-income housing, historic tax and venture capital partnership investments. 

 (f)

 See Note 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on pension obligations. 

 (g)

 Includes commitments to various general contractors for work related to banking center construction. 

 (h)

 Represents agreements to purchase goods or services. 

 (i)

 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend, typically having fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require payment of a fee.
Many of the commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon. The total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash flow requirements. 

 (j)

 Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    49 

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The Bancorp conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Bancorp’s management, including the Bancorp’s Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Bancorp’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act). Based on the
foregoing, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Bancorp’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Bancorp’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in all material respects, to
ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports the Bancorp files and submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. 

The management of Fifth Third Bancorp is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control, designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The Bancorp’s
management assessed the effectiveness of the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007. Management’s assessment is based on the criteria established in the Internal Control — Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and was designed to provide reasonable assurance that the Bancorp maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2007. Based on this assessment, management believes that the Bancorp maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007. The Bancorp’s independent registered public accounting firm, that audited the
Bancorp’s consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007. This report appears on page 51 of the annual report.

The Bancorp’s management also conducted an evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to determine
whether any changes occurred during the year covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation, there has been
no such change during the year covered by this report. 

 Kevin T. Kabat

 Christopher G. Marshall

 President and Chief Executive Officer

 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

 February 22, 2008

 February 22, 2008

50    Fifth Third Bancorp 

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp: 

We have audited the
internal control over financial reporting of Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries (the “Bancorp”) as of December 31, 2007, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The Bancorp’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Assessment as to the Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining
an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company’s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar
functions, and effected by the company’s board of directors, management, and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of the inherent limitations of internal control over financial reporting, including the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Also, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

In our opinion,
the Bancorp maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2007 of the Bancorp and our report dated February 22, 2008 expressed an unqualified opinion on those
consolidated financial statements. 

 Cincinnati, Ohio

 February 22, 2008

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Fifth Third Bancorp: 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fifth Third Bancorp and subsidiaries (the “Bancorp”) as of
December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Bancorp’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Fifth Third
Bancorp and subsidiaries at December 31, 2007 and 2006, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2007, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2007, based on the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 22, 2008 expressed unqualified opinion on the Bancorp’s internal control over financial reporting. 

 Cincinnati, Ohio

 February 22, 2008

Fifth Third Bancorp    51 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions, except per share data)

2007

2006

2005

 Interest Income

 Interest and fees on loans and leases

$5,418

5,000

3,918

 Interest on securities

590

934

1,071

 Interest on other short-term investments

19

21

6

 Total interest income

6,027

5,955

4,995

 Interest Expense

 Interest on deposits

2,007

1,910

1,148

 Interest on other short-term borrowings

324

402

282

 Interest on long-term debt

687

770

600

 Total interest expense

3,018

3,082

2,030

 Net Interest Income

3,009

2,873

2,965

 Provision for loan and lease losses

628

343

330

 Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan and Lease Losses

2,381

2,530

2,635

 Noninterest Income

 Electronic payment processing revenue

826

717

622

 Service charges on deposits

579

517

522

 Investment advisory revenue

382

367

358

 Corporate banking revenue

367

318

299

 Mortgage banking net revenue

133

155

174

 Other noninterest income

153

299

360

 Securities gains (losses), net

21

(364)

39

 Securities gains - non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing rights

6

3

-

 Total noninterest income

2,467

2,012

2,374

 Noninterest Expense

 Salaries, wages and incentives

1,239

1,174

1,133

 Employee benefits

278

292

283

 Net occupancy expense

269

245

221

 Payment processing expense

244

184

145

 Technology and communications

169

141

142

 Equipment expense

123

116

105

 Other noninterest expense

989

763

772

 Total noninterest expense

3,311

2,915

2,801

 Income Before Income Taxes and Cumulative Effect

1,537

1,627

2,208

 Applicable income taxes

461

443

659

 Income Before Cumulative Effect

1,076

1,184

1,549

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax (a)

-

4

-

 Net Income

$1,076

1,188

1,549

 Net Income Available to Common Shareholders 
(b)

$1,075

1,188

1,548

 Earnings Per Share

$2.00

2.14

2.79

 Earnings Per Diluted Share

$1.99

2.13

2.77

 (a)

 Reflects a benefit of $4 million (net of $2 million of tax) for the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) as of January 1, 2006.

 (b)

 Dividends on preferred stock are $.740 million for all years presented. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

52    Fifth Third Bancorp     

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 As of December 31 ($ in millions, except share data)

2007

2006

 Assets

 Cash and due from banks

$2,687

2,737

 Available-for-sale and other securities (a)

10,677

11,053

 Held-to-maturity securities (b)

355

356

 Trading securities

171

187

 Other short-term investments

593

809

 Loans held for sale

4,329

1,150

 Portfolio loans and leases:

 Commercial loans

24,813

20,831

 Commercial mortgage loans

11,862

10,405

 Commercial construction loans

5,561

6,168

 Commercial leases

3,737

3,841

 Residential mortgage loans

10,540

8,830

 Home equity

11,874

12,153

 Automobile loans

9,201

10,028

 Credit card

1,591

1,004

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,074

1,093

 Portfolio loans and leases

80,253

74,353

 Allowance for loan and lease losses

(937)

(771)

 Portfolio loans and leases, net

79,316

73,582

 Bank premises and equipment

2,223

1,940

 Operating lease equipment

353

202

 Goodwill

2,470

2,193

 Intangible assets

147

166

 Servicing rights

618

524

 Other assets

7,023

5,770

 Total Assets

$110,962

100,669

 Liabilities

 Deposits:

 Demand

$14,404

14,331

 Interest checking

15,254

15,993

 Savings

15,635

13,181

 Money market

6,521

6,584

 Other time

11,440

10,987

 Certificates - $100,000 and over

6,738

6,628

 Foreign office

5,453

1,676

 Total deposits

75,445

69,380

 Federal funds purchased

4,427

1,421

 Other short-term borrowings

4,747

2,796

 Accrued taxes, interest and expenses

2,427

2,283

 Other liabilities

1,898

2,209

 Long-term debt

12,857

12,558

 Total Liabilities

101,801

90,647

 Shareholders’ Equity

 Common stock (c)

1,295

1,295

 Preferred stock (d)

9

9

 Capital surplus

1,779

1,812

 Retained earnings

8,413

8,317

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

(126)

(179)

 Treasury stock

(2,209)

(1,232)

 Total Shareholders’ Equity

9,161

10,022

 Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

$110,962

100,669

 (a)

 Amortized cost: 
December 31, 2007 - $10,821

 and December 31, 2006 - $11,236 

 (b)

 Market values: 
December 31, 2007 - $355

 and December 31, 2006 - $356 

 (c)

 Common shares: Stated value $2.22 per share; authorized 1,300,000,000; outstanding at 
December 31, 2007 - 532,671,925 (excludes 51,516,339
treasury shares)

 and December 31, 2006 - 556,252,674 (excludes 27,174,430 treasury shares). 

 (d)

 490,750 shares of undesignated no par value preferred stock are authorized of which none had been issued; 7,250 shares of 8.0% cumulative Series D convertible
(at $23.5399 per share) perpetual preferred stock with a stated value of $1,000 per share were authorized, issued and outstanding; 2,000 shares of 8.0% cumulative Series E perpetual preferred stock with a stated value of $1,000 per share were
authorized, issued and outstanding. 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    53 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 

 ($ in millions, except per share data)

CommonStock

PreferredStock

CapitalSurplus

RetainedEarnings

AccumulatedOther
Comprehensive
Income

TreasuryStock

Total

 Balance at December 31, 2004

$1,295

9

1,934

7,269

(169)

(1,414)

8,924

 Net income

1,549

1,549

 Other comprehensive income

(244)

(244)

 Comprehensive income

1,305

 Cash dividends declared:

 Common stock at $1.46 per share

(810)

(810)

 Preferred stock

(1)

(1)

 Shares acquired for treasury

97

(1,746)

(1,649)

 Stock-based compensation expense

65

65

 Restricted stock grants

(43)

43

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

(121)

206

85

 Loans repaid related to the exercise of stock-based awards, net

11

11

 Change in corporate tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

6

6

 Shares issued in business combinations

11

85

1,413

1,509

 Retirement of shares

(11)

(208)

219

-

 Other

1

1

 Balance at December 31, 2005

1,295

9

1,827

8,007

(413)

(1,279)

9,446

 Net income

1,188

1,188

 Other comprehensive income

288

288

 Comprehensive income

1,368

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting for pension and other postretirement obligations

(54)

(54)

 Cash dividends declared:

 Common stock at $1.58 per share

(880)

(880)

 Preferred stock

(1)

(1)

 Shares acquired for treasury

(82)

(82)

 Stock-based compensation expense

76

1

77

 Impact of cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

(6)

(6)

 Restricted stock grants

(45)

45

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

(49)

84

35

 Loans repaid related to the exercise of stock-based awards, net

8

8

 Change in corporate tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

(1)

(1)

 Other

2

2

4

 Balance at December 31, 2006

1,295

9

1,812

8,317

(179)

(1,232)

10,022

 Net income

1,076

1,076

 Other comprehensive income

53

53

 Comprehensive income

1,129

 Cash dividends declared:

 Common stock at $1.70 per share

(914)

(914)

 Preferred stock

(1)

(1)

 Shares acquired for treasury

(1,084)

(1,084)

 Stock-based compensation expense

60

1

61

 Impact of cumulative effect of change in accounting principle

(98)

(98)

 Restricted stock grants

(59)

59

-

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

(39)

86

47

 Loans repaid related to the exercise of stock-based awards, net

2

2

 Change in corporate tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

2

2

 Employee stock ownership through benefit plans

38

(38)

-

 Impact of diversification of nonqualified deferred compensation plan

(8)

(8)

 Other

1

2

3

 Balance at December 31, 2007

$1,295

9

1,779

8,413

(126)

(2,209)

9,161

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

54    Fifth Third Bancorp 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For the years ended December 31 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Operating Activities

 Net Income

$1,076

1,188

1,549

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities:

 Provision for loan and lease losses

628

343

330

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

(4)

-

 Depreciation, amortization and accretion

367

399

405

 Stock-based compensation expense

61

77

65

 Benefit for deferred income taxes

(178)

(21)

(16)

 Realized securities gains

(16)

(44)

(46)

 Realized securities gains - non-qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing rights

(6)

(3)

-

 Realized securities losses

2

408

7

 Net gains on sales of loans

(95)

(131)

(162)

 Loans originated for sale, net of repayments

(13,125)

(8,671)

(8,683)

 Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale

11,027

8,812

7,881

 Decrease (increase) in trading securities

16

(70)

(40)

 Decrease (increase) in other assets

108

(1,440)

(922)

 Increase (decrease) in accrued taxes, interest and expenses

194

(31)

58

 Excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

(4)

-

(16)

 (Decrease) increase in other liabilities

(741)

642

355

 Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Operating
Activities

(686)

1,454

765

 Investing Activities

 Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities

2,071

12,568

5,912

 Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of available-for-sale securities

13,468

3,033

5,271

 Purchases of available-for-sale securities

(15,541)

(4,676)

(7,785)

 Proceeds from calls, paydowns and maturities of held-to-maturity securities

11

38

48

 Purchases of held-to-maturity securities

(11)

(5)

(181)

 Decrease (increase) in other short-term investments

219

(651)

402

 Net increase in loans and leases

(6,181)

(5,145)

(8,297)

 Proceeds from sales of loans

745

540

1,816

 (Increase) decrease in operating lease equipment

(172)

(77)

124

 Purchases of bank premises and equipment

(459)

(443)

(437)

 Proceeds from disposal of bank premises and equipment

46

60

56

 Net cash (paid) acquired in business combination

(230)

(5)

242

 Net Cash (Used In) Provided by Investing
Activities

(6,034)

5,237

(2,829)

 Financing Activities

 Increase in core deposits

2,225

1,467

3,874

 Increase in certificates - $100,000 and over, including other foreign office

2,101

479

1,491

 Increase (decrease) in federal funds purchased

3,006

(3,902)

130

 Decrease in short-term bank notes

-

-

(775)

 Increase (decrease) in other short-term borrowings

1,951

(1,462)

(687)

 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

4,801

3,731

4,665

 Repayment of long-term debt

(5,494)

(6,441)

(3,782)

 Payment of cash dividends

(898)

(867)

(794)

 Exercise of stock-based awards, net

49

43

96

 Purchases of treasury stock

(1,084)

(82)

(1,649)

 Excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation

4

-

16

 Other

9

2

(4)

 Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Financing
Activities

6,670

(7,032)

2,581

 (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Due from Banks

(50)

(341)

517

 Cash and Due from Banks at Beginning of
Year

2,737

3,078

2,561

 Cash and Due from Banks at End of
Year

$2,687

2,737

3,078

 Cash Payments

 Interest

$2,996

3,051

1,952

 Income taxes

535

489

676

 Supplemental Cash Flow Information

 Transfer from portfolio loans to loans held for sale, net

1,200

(138)

(16)

 Business Acquisitions:

 Fair value of tangible assets acquired (noncash)

2,446

6

5,149

 Goodwill and identifiable intangible assets acquired

297

17

1,297

 Liabilities assumed and note issued

(2,513)

(18)

(5,179)

 Stock options

-

-

(63)

 Common stock issued

-

-

(1,446)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    55 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING POLICIES 

 Nature of Operations

Fifth Third Bancorp (“Bancorp”), an Ohio corporation, conducts its principal lending, deposit gathering, transaction
processing and service advisory activities through its banking and non-banking subsidiaries from banking centers located throughout the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United States. 

Basis of Presentation 

The Consolidated Financial Statements include the
accounts of the Bancorp and its majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest entities in which the Bancorp has been determined to be the primary beneficiary. Other entities, including certain joint ventures, in which there is greater than 20%
ownership, but upon which the Bancorp does not possess and cannot exert significant influence or control, are accounted for by the equity method and not consolidated; those in which there is less than 20% ownership are generally carried at the lower
of cost or fair value. Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. Certain prior period data has been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. 

Securities 

Securities are classified as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale or trading on the date of purchase. Only those securities which management has the intent and ability to hold to maturity and are classified as
held-to-maturity are reported at amortized cost. Securities are classified as available-for-sale when, in management’s judgment, they may be sold in response to, or in anticipation of, changes in market conditions. The Bancorp’s management
has evaluated the securities in an unrealized loss position in the available-for-sale portfolio and maintains the intent and ability to hold these securities to the earlier of the recovery of the losses or maturity. Available-for-sale and trading
securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of related deferred income taxes, included in other comprehensive income and other noninterest income, respectively. The fair value of a security is determined based on
quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined based on quoted prices of similar instruments. Realized securities gains or losses are reported within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. The cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method. Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities are reviewed quarterly for possible other-than-temporary impairment. The review includes an analysis of the facts
and circumstances of each individual investment such as the severity of loss, the length of time the fair value has been below cost, the expectation for that security’s performance, the creditworthiness of the issuer and management’s
intent and ability to hold the security to recovery. A decline in value that is considered to be other-than-temporary is recorded as a loss within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Loans and Leases 

Interest
income on loans and leases is based on the principal balance outstanding computed using the effective interest method. The accrual of interest income for commercial loans is discontinued when there is a clear indication that the borrower’s cash
flow may not be sufficient to meet payments as they become due. Such loans are also placed on nonaccrual status when the principal or interest is past due ninety days or more, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. When a
loan 

is placed on nonaccrual status, all previously accrued and unpaid interest is charged against income and the loan is accounted for on the cost recovery
method thereafter, until qualifying for return to accrual status. Generally, a loan is returned to accrual status when all delinquent interest and principal payments become current in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement or when the loan
is both well secured and in the process of collection. Consumer loans and revolving lines of credit for equity lines that have principal and interest payments that have become past due one hundred and twenty days and residential mortgage loans and
credit cards that have principal and interest payments that have become past due one hundred and eighty days are charged off to the allowance for loan and lease losses. Commercial loans are subject to individual review to identify charge-offs. Refer
to the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses below for further discussion. 

Loan and lease origination and commitment fees and
direct loan and lease origination costs are deferred and the net amount is amortized over the estimated life of the related loans, leases or commitments as a yield adjustment. 

Direct financing leases are carried at the aggregate of lease payments plus estimated residual value of the leased property, less unearned income. Interest income on direct financing leases is
recognized over the term of the lease to achieve a constant periodic rate of return on the outstanding investment. Interest income on leveraged leases is recognized over the term of the lease to achieve a constant rate of return on the outstanding
investment in the lease, net of the related deferred income tax liability, in the years in which the net investment is positive. 

Conforming fixed residential mortgage loans are typically classified as held for sale upon origination based upon management’s intent to sell all the production of these loans. Residential mortgage loans held for sale are valued at the
lower of aggregate cost or fair value. Additionally, the carrying value of loans held for sale designated as the hedged item in a fair value hedge transaction are adjusted for changes in their fair value over the term of the hedging relationship.
Fair value is based on the contract price at which the mortgage loans will be sold. The Bancorp generally has commitments to sell residential mortgage loans held for sale in the secondary market. Gains or losses on sales are recognized in mortgage
banking net revenue upon delivery. 

Impaired loans and leases are measured based on the present value of expected future
cash flows discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or the fair value of the underlying collateral. The Bancorp evaluates the collectibility of both principal and interest when assessing the need for a loss accrual. 

Other Real Estate Owned 

Other
real estate owned (“OREO”), which is included in other assets, represents property acquired through foreclosure or other proceedings. OREO is carried at the lower of cost or fair value, less costs to sell. All property is periodically
evaluated and reductions in carrying value are recognized in other noninterest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 

The Bancorp maintains an allowance to absorb probable loan and lease losses
inherent in the portfolio. The allowance is maintained at a level the Bancorp considers to be adequate and is based on ongoing quarterly assessments and evaluations of the collectibility and historical loss experience of loans and leases. Credit
losses are charged and recoveries are credited to the allowance. Provisions for loan and lease losses are based on the Bancorp’s review of the historical credit loss experience and such factors that, in management’s judgment, deserve
consideration under existing economic conditions in estimating probable credit losses. 

56    Fifth Third Bancorp     

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

In determining the appropriate level of the allowance, the Bancorp estimates losses using a range derived from “base” and “conservative”
estimates. 

Larger commercial loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses are subject to individual review.
Where appropriate, allowances are allocated to individual loans based on management’s estimate of the borrower’s ability to repay the loan given the availability of collateral, other sources of cash flow, as well as evaluation of legal
options available to the Bancorp. The review of individual loans includes those loans that are impaired as provided in SFAS No. 114. Any allowances for impaired loans are measured based on the present value of expected future cash flows
discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate or fair value of the underlying collateral. The Bancorp evaluates the collectibility of both principal and interest when assessing the need for a loss accrual. Historical loss rates are applied
to commercial loans which are not impaired and thus not subject to specific allowance allocations. The loss rates are derived from a migration analysis, which tracks the historical net charge-off experience sustained on loans according to their
internal risk grades. The risk grading system currently utilized for allowance analysis purposes encompasses ten categories. 

Homogenous loans and leases, such as consumer installment and residential mortgage loans, are not individually risk graded. Rather, standard credit scoring systems and delinquency monitoring are used to assess credit risks. Allowances are
established for each pool of loans based on the expected net charge-offs for one year. Loss rates are based on the average net charge-off history by loan category. 

Historical loss rates for commercial and consumer loans may be adjusted for significant factors that, in management’s judgment, are necessary to reflect losses inherent in the portfolio.
Factors that management considers in the analysis include the effects of the national and local economies; trends in the nature and volume of delinquencies, charge-offs and nonaccrual loans; changes in mix; credit score migration comparisons; asset
quality trends; risk management and loan administration; changes in the internal lending policies and credit standards; collection practices; and examination results from bank regulatory agencies and the Bancorp’s internal credit examiners.

The Bancorp’s current methodology for determining the allowance for loan and lease losses is based on historical loss
rates, current credit grades, specific allocation on impaired commercial credits and other qualitative adjustments. Allowances on individual loans and historical loss rates are reviewed quarterly and adjusted as necessary based on changing borrower
and/or collateral conditions and actual collection and charge-off experience. An unallocated allowance is maintained to recognize the imprecision in estimating and measuring loss when evaluating allowances for individual loans or pools of loans.

Loans acquired by the Bancorp through a purchase business combination are evaluated for possible credit impairment.
Reduction to the carrying value of the acquired loans as a result of credit impairment is recorded as an adjustment to goodwill. The Bancorp does not carry over the acquired company’s allowance for loan and lease losses, nor does the Bancorp
add to its existing allowance for the acquired loans as part of purchase accounting. 

The Bancorp’s primary market
areas for lending are the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the United States. When evaluating the adequacy of allowances, consideration is given to this regional geographic concentration and the closely associated effect changing economic
conditions have on the Bancorp’s customers. 

In the current year, the Bancorp has not substantively changed any
material aspect to its overall approach in the determination of allowance for loan and lease losses. There have been no material changes in criteria or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods that impacted the determination of the

current period allowance for loan and lease losses. 

Reserve for Unfunded Commitments 

The reserve for unfunded commitments is maintained at a level believed by
management to be sufficient to absorb estimated probable losses related to unfunded credit facilities and is included in other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The determination of the adequacy of the reserve is based upon an
evaluation of the unfunded credit facilities, including an assessment of historical commitment utilization experience, credit risk grading and credit grade migration. Net adjustments to the reserve for unfunded commitments are included in other
noninterest expense. 

Loan Sales and Securitizations 

When the Bancorp sells loans through either securitizations or individual loan sales in accordance with its investment policies, it may obtain one or more subordinated tranches, servicing rights,
interest-only strips, credit recourse, other residual interests and in some cases, a cash reserve account, all of which are considered interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp in the securitized or sold loans. Gain or loss on sale or
securitization of the loans depends in part on the previous carrying amount of the financial assets sold or securitized. At the date of transfer, obtained servicing rights are recorded at fair value and the remaining carrying value of the
transferred financial assets is allocated between the assets sold and remaining interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp based on their relative fair values at the date of sale or securitization. To obtain fair values, quoted market prices
are used, if available. If quotes are not available for interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp, the Bancorp calculates fair value based on the present value of future expected cash flows using management’s best estimates for the key
assumptions, including credit losses, prepayment speeds, forward yield curves and discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. Gain or loss on sale or securitization of loans is reported as a component of noninterest income in the
Consolidated Statements of Income. Interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp from securitized or sold loans, excluding servicing rights, are carried at fair value. Adjustments to fair value for interests that continue to be held by the
Bancorp classified as available-for-sale securities are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income if the fair value has declined below the carrying amount and such decline
has been determined to be other-than-temporary. Adjustments to fair value for interests that continue to be held by the Bancorp classified as trading securities are recorded within noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Servicing rights resulting from residential mortgage and commercial loan sales are amortized in proportion to and over the
period of estimated net servicing revenues and are reported as a component of mortgage banking net revenue and corporate banking revenue, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Servicing rights are assessed for impairment monthly,
based on fair value, with temporary impairment recognized through a valuation allowance and permanent impairment recognized through a write-off of the servicing asset and related valuation allowance. Key economic assumptions used in measuring any
potential impairment of the servicing rights include the prepayment speed of the underlying loans, the weighted-average life of the loans, the discount rate and the weighted-average default rate, as applicable. The primary risk of material changes
to the value of the servicing rights resides in the potential volatility in the economic assumptions used, particularly the prepayment speeds. The Bancorp monitors this risk and adjusts its valuation allowance as necessary to adequately reserve for
any probable impairment in the portfolio. For purposes of measuring impairment, the mortgage servicing rights are stratified into classes based on the financial asset type and interest rates. Fees received 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    57 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

for servicing loans owned by investors are based on a percentage of the outstanding monthly principal balance of such loans and are included in noninterest
income as loan payments are received. Costs of servicing loans are charged to expense as incurred. 

Bank Premises and Equipment

Bank premises and equipment, including leasehold improvements, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization.
Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method based on estimated useful lives of the assets for book purposes, while accelerated depreciation is used for income tax purposes. Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the
straight-line method over the lives of the related leases or useful lives of the related assets, whichever is shorter. In accordance with SFAS No. 144, “Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets,” the Bancorp
tests its long-lived assets for impairment through both a probability-weighted and primary-asset approach whenever events or changes in circumstances dictate. Maintenance, repairs and minor improvements are charged to noninterest expense as
incurred. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The Bancorp accounts for its derivatives under SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,” as amended. This Statement requires recognition of all derivatives as either
assets or liabilities in the balance sheet and requires measurement of those instruments at fair value through adjustments to accumulated other comprehensive income and/or current earnings, as appropriate. On the date the Bancorp enters into a
derivative contract, the Bancorp designates the derivative instrument as either a fair value hedge, cash flow hedge or as a free-standing derivative instrument. For a fair value hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative instrument and
changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk are recorded in current period net income. For a cash flow hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative
instrument, to the extent that it is effective, are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income and subsequently reclassified to net income in the same period(s) that the hedged transaction impacts net income. For free-standing derivative
instruments, changes in fair values are reported in current period net income. 

Prior to entering into a hedge transaction,
the Bancorp formally documents the relationship between hedging instruments and hedged items, as well as the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. This process includes linking all derivative instruments
that are designated as fair value or cash flow hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific forecasted transactions, along with a formal assessment at both inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis as to the
effectiveness of the derivative instrument in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item. If it is determined that the derivative instrument is not highly effective as a hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued and the
adjustment to fair value of the derivative instrument is recorded in net income. 

Income Taxes 

The Bancorp estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax jurisdictions in which the Bancorp conducts business. On
a quarterly basis, management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate based upon its current estimate of the amount and components of net income, tax credits and the applicable statutory tax rates expected for the full year. The
estimated income tax expense is recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are determined using the balance sheet method and are reported in accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the Consolidated Balance 

Sheets. Under this method, the net deferred tax asset or liability is based on the tax effects of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets
and liabilities, and recognizes enacted changes in tax rates and laws. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent they exist and are subject to a valuation allowance based on management’s judgment that realization is more-likely-than-not.

Accrued taxes represent the net estimated amount due to taxing jurisdictions and are reported in accrued taxes, interest
and expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Bancorp evaluates and assesses the relative risks and appropriate tax treatment of transactions and filing positions after considering statutes, regulations, judicial precedent and other
information and maintains tax accruals consistent with its evaluation of these relative risks and merits. Changes to the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of
examinations being conducted by taxing authorities and changes to statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance that impact the relative risks of tax positions. These changes, when they occur, can affect deferred taxes and accrued taxes as well as the
current period’s income tax expense and can be significant to the operating results of the Bancorp. As of January 1, 2007, the Bancorp adopted FIN 48; see New Accounting Pronouncements for the impact of adopting this interpretation. As
described in greater detail in Note 15, the Internal Revenue Service is currently challenging the Bancorp’s tax treatment of certain leasing transactions. For additional information on income taxes, see Note 21. 

Earnings Per Share 

In
accordance with SFAS No. 128, “Earnings Per Share,” basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Earnings per diluted share are computed by dividing adjusted net income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding during the period. Dilutive common stock
equivalents represent the assumed conversion of convertible preferred stock and the exercise of stock-based awards. 

Other 

Securities and other property held by Fifth Third Investment Advisors, a division of the Bancorp’s banking subsidiaries, in a
fiduciary or agency capacity are not included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets because such items are not assets of the subsidiaries. Investment advisory revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income is recognized on the accrual basis.
Investment advisory service revenues are recognized monthly based on a fee charged per transaction processed and/or a fee charged on the market value of ending account balances associated with individual contracts. 

The Bancorp recognizes revenue from its electronic payment processing services on an accrual basis as such services are performed,
recording revenues net of certain costs (primarily interchange and assessment fees charged by credit card associations) not controlled by the Bancorp. 

The Bancorp purchases life insurance policies on the lives of certain directors, officers and employees and is the owner and beneficiary of the policies. The Bancorp invests in these policies, known as BOLI, to
provide an efficient form of funding for long-term retirement and other employee benefits costs. The Bancorp records these BOLI policies within other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at each policy’s respective cash surrender value,
with changes recorded in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Other intangible assets consist of
core deposits, customer lists, non-competition agreements and cardholder relationships. Other intangibles are amortized on either a straight-line or an accelerated basis over their useful lives. The Bancorp reviews other intangible assets for
impairment whenever events or 

58    Fifth Third Bancorp     

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

changes in circumstances indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 

Goodwill acquired as a result of a business combination is not amortized and is tested for impairment on a yearly basis or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 

Acquisitions of treasury stock are carried at cost. Reissuance of shares in
treasury for acquisitions, exercises of stock-based awards or other corporate purposes is recorded based on the specific identification method. 

Advertising costs are generally expensed as incurred. 

New Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2004, the FASB issued Statement of SFAS No. 123 (Revised 2004), “Share-Based Payment.” This Statement
requires measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award with the cost to be recognized over the vesting period. This Statement was effective for
financial statements as of the beginning of the first interim or annual reporting period of the first fiscal year beginning after September 15, 2005. On January 1, 2006, the Bancorp elected to adopt this Statement using the modified
retrospective application. Adoption of this Statement had three impacts on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements: i) the recognition of a benefit for the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of approximately $4 million
(net of $2 million of tax) during the first quarter of 2006 due to the recognition of an estimate of forfeiture experience to be realized for all unvested stock-based awards outstanding, ii) the reclassification in the Consolidated Statements of
Cash Flows of net cash provided related to the excess corporate tax benefit received on stock-based compensation, previously recorded in the operating activities section, to the financing activities section and iii) the recognition of approximately
$9 million of incremental salaries, wages and incentives expense in the second quarter of 2006 related to the issuance in April 2006 of stock-based awards to retirement-eligible employees. The adoption of this Statement did not have an impact on
basic or diluted earnings per share. For further information on stock-based compensation, see Note 19. 

In February 2006,
the FASB issued SFAS No. 155, “Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments, an amendment of FASB Statement No. 133 and 140.” This Statement amends FASB SFAS No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities,” and SFAS No. 140, “Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities - A Replacement of FASB Statement No. 125,” as well as resolves issues addressed in
Statement No. 133 Implementation Issue No. D1, “Application of Statement No. 133 to Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets.” Specifically, this Statement: i) permits fair value remeasurement for any hybrid financial
instrument that contains an embedded derivative that otherwise would require bifurcation; ii) clarifies which interest-only strips and principal-only strips are not subject to the requirements of SFAS No. 133; iii) establishes a requirement to
evaluate interests in securitized financial assets to identify interests that are free-standing derivatives or that are hybrid financial instruments that contain an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation; iv) clarifies that concentrations of
credit risk in the form of subordination are not embedded derivatives; and v) amends SFAS No. 140 to eliminate the prohibition on a QSPE from holding a derivative financial instrument that pertains to a beneficial interest other than another
derivative financial instrument. This Statement was effective for all financial instruments acquired or issued after the beginning of the first fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006. The adoption of this Statement on January 1,
2007 did not have a material effect on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 In March 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 156, “Accounting for Servicing of Financial Assets, an amendment of FASB Statement
No. 140.” This Statement amends SFAS No. 140 and requires that all separately recognized servicing rights be initially measured at fair value, if practicable. For each class of separately recognized servicing assets and liabilities,
this Statement permits the Bancorp to choose either to report servicing assets and liabilities at fair value or at amortized cost. Under the fair value approach, servicing assets and liabilities will be recorded at fair value at each reporting date
with changes in fair value recorded in earnings in the period in which the changes occur. Under the amortized cost method, servicing assets and liabilities are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing income or net
servicing loss and are assessed for impairment based on fair value at each reporting date. This Statement was effective as of the beginning of the first fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006. Upon adoption of this Statement on
January 1, 2007, the Bancorp elected to continue to report all classes of servicing assets and liabilities at amortized cost subsequent to initial recognition at fair value. The adoption of this Statement did not have a material effect on the
Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In July 2006, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 13-2, “Accounting for a
Change or Projected Change in the Timing of Cash Flows Relating to Income Taxes Generated by a Leveraged Lease Transaction.” This FSP addresses the accounting for a change or projected change in the timing of lessor cash flows, but not the
total net income, relating to income taxes generated by a leveraged lease transaction. This FSP amends SFAS No. 13, “Accounting for Leases,” and applies to all transactions classified as leveraged leases. The timing of cash flows
relating to income taxes generated by a leveraged lease is an important assumption that affects the periodic income recognized by the lessor. Under this FSP, the projected timing of income tax cash flows generated by a leveraged lease transaction
are required to be reviewed annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that a change in timing has occurred or is projected to occur. If during the lease term the expected timing of the income tax cash flows generated by a
leveraged lease is revised, the rate of return and the allocation of income would be recalculated from the inception of the lease. In the year of adoption, the cumulative effect of the change in the net investment balance resulting from the
recalculation will be recognized as an adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings. On an ongoing basis following the adoption, a change in the net investment balance resulting from a recalculation will be recognized as a gain or a loss
in the period in which the assumption changed and included in income from continuing operations in the same line item where leveraged lease income is recognized. These amounts would then be recognized back into income over the remaining terms of the
affected leases. Additionally, upon adoption, only tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold should be reflected in the financial statements and all recognized tax positions in a leveraged lease must be measured in
accordance with FIN 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109,” issued in July 2006. 

During May 2005, the Bancorp filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio related to a dispute with the Internal Revenue Service concerning the timing of deductions associated with
certain leveraged lease transactions in its 1997 tax return. The Internal Revenue Service has also proposed adjustments to the tax effects of certain leveraged lease transactions in subsequent tax return years. The proposed adjustments, including
penalties, relate to the Bancorp’s portfolio of lease-in lease-out transactions, service contract leases and qualified technology equipment leases with both domestic and foreign municipalities. The Bancorp is challenging the Internal Revenue
Service’s proposed treatment of all of these leasing 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    59 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

transactions. The Bancorp’s original net investment in these leases totaled approximately $900 million. The Bancorp continues to believe that its
treatment of these leveraged leases was appropriate and in compliance with applicable tax law and regulations. While management cannot predict with certainty the result of the suit, given the tax treatment of these transactions has been challenged
by the Internal Revenue Service, the Bancorp believes a resolution may involve a projected change in the timing of these leveraged lease cash flows. 

This FSP was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. Upon adoption of this FSP on January 1, 2007, the Bancorp recognized an after-tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $96
million representing the cumulative effect of applying the provisions of this FSP. 

In July 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48,
“Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - An Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109.” This Interpretation clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in accordance with SFAS No. 109, “Accounting
for Income Taxes.” This Interpretation also prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. This
Interpretation also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The evaluation of a tax position in accordance with this Interpretation is a two-step process.
The first step is a recognition process to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the
position. The second step is a measurement process whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is calculated to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. In May 2007, the FASB
issued FSP No. FIN 48-1, “Definition of Settlement in FASB FIN 48.” FSP No. FIN 48-1 amends FIN 48 to provide guidance on determining whether a tax position is “effectively settled” for the purpose of recognizing previously
unrecognized tax benefits. The concept of “effectively settled” replaces the concept of “ultimately settled” originally issued in FIN 48. The tax position can be considered “effectively settled” upon completion of an
examination by the taxing authority if the entity does not plan to appeal or litigate any aspect of the tax position and it is remote that the taxing authority would examine any aspect of the tax position. For effectively settled tax positions, the
full amount of the tax benefit can be recognized. The guidance in FSP No. FIN 48-1 was effective upon initial adoption of FIN 48. FIN 48 was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. Upon adoption of this Interpretation on
January 1, 2007, the Bancorp recognized an after-tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $2 million representing the cumulative effect of applying the provisions of this Interpretation. 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, “Fair Value Measurements.” This Statement defines fair value, establishes
a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement emphasizes that fair value is a market-based measurement and should be determined based on assumptions that a market participant would use
when pricing an asset or liability. This Statement clarifies that market participant assumptions should include assumptions about risk as well as the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset. Additionally, this Statement establishes a
fair value hierarchy that provides the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data. This Statement is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. The adoption of this Statement on January 1, 2008 

will not have a material effect on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, “Employer’s Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans – an Amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R).” This Statement amends the current accounting for pensions and postretirement benefits by requiring an entity to recognize the overfunded or
underfunded status of a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan as an asset or liability in its statement of financial position and to recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur through other
comprehensive income. This Statement also requires recognition, as a component of other comprehensive income (net of tax), of the actuarial gains and losses and the prior service costs and credits that arise during the period, but are not recognized
as components of net periodic benefit cost pursuant to SFAS No. 87 and SFAS No. 106. Additionally, this Statement requires an entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of the date of the employer’s fiscal
year-end statement of financial position. The Bancorp adopted this Statement on December 31, 2006. The effect of this Statement was to recognize $59 million, after-tax, of net actuarial losses and prior service cost as a reduction to
accumulated other comprehensive income. 

In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, “The Fair Value Option
for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities – Including an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 115.” This Statement permits an entity to choose to measure certain financial instruments and certain other items at fair value, on an
instrument-by-instrument basis. Once an entity has elected to record eligible items at fair value, the decision is irrevocable and the entity should report unrealized gains and losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected in
earnings. This Statement is effective for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007. At the effective date, an entity may elect the fair value option for eligible items that exist at that date with the effect of the first remeasurement to
fair value reported as a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings. On January 1, 2008, upon adoption of this Statement, the Bancorp will elect to prospectively measure at fair value, residential mortgage loans
originated on or after January 1, 2008 that have a designation as held for sale. 

In December 2007, the FASB issued
SFAS No. 141(R), “Business Combinations” which replaces SFAS No. 141, “Business Combinations”. This Statement retains the fundamental requirements in SFAS No. 141 that the acquisition method of accounting (formerly
referred to as purchase method) be used for all business combinations and that an acquirer be identified for each business combination. This Statement defines the acquirer as the entity that obtains control of one or more businesses in the business
combination and establishes the acquisition date as of the date that the acquirer achieves control. This Statement requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at the
acquisition date, measured at their fair values. This Statement requires the acquirer to recognize acquisition-related costs and restructuring costs separately from the business combination as period expense. This Statement is effective for business
combinations for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual reporting period beginning on or after December 15, 2008. The adoption on this statement will impact the accounting and reporting of acquisitions after
January 1, 2008. 

In December 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 160, “Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated
Financial Statements - an Amendment to ARB No. 51.” This Statement establishes new accounting and reporting standards that require the ownership interests in subsidiaries held by parties other than the parent be 

60    Fifth Third Bancorp     

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

clearly identified, labeled, and presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, but separate from the parent's equity. The
Statement also requires the amount of consolidated net income attributable to the parent and to the noncontrolling interest be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statement of income. In addition, when a subsidiary is
deconsolidated, any retained noncontrolling equity investment in the former subsidiary shall be initially measured at fair value, with the gain or loss on the deconsolidation of the subsidiary measured using the fair value of any noncontrolling
equity investment rather than the carrying amount of that retained investment. SFAS No. 160 also clarifies that changes in a parent's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in deconsolidation are equity transactions if the parent
retains its controlling financial interest. The Statement also includes expanded disclosure requirements regarding the interests of the parent and its noncontrolling interest. This Statement is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within
those fiscal years, beginning on or after December 15, 2008. Early adoption is prohibited. The Bancorp is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of adopting this Statement on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements.

In June 2007, the Emerging Issues Task Force (“EITF”) issued EITF Issue No. 06-11, “Accounting for
Income Tax Benefits of Dividends on Share-Based Payment Awards.” The Issue states that a realized income tax benefit from dividends or dividend equivalents that are charged to retained earnings and are paid to employees for equity classified
nonvested 

equity shares, nonvested equity share units, and outstanding equity share options should be recognized as an increase to additional paid-in capital. The
amount recognized in additional paid-in capital for the realized income tax benefit from dividends on those awards should be included in the pool of excess tax benefits available to absorb tax deficiencies on share-based payment awards. This Issue
was effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Bancorp will prospectively apply this Issue to applicable dividends declared on or after January 1, 2008. 

In November 2007, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) No. 109, “Written Loan Commitments Recorded at Fair
Value through Earnings.” This SAB supersedes SAB No. 105, “Application of Accounting Principles to Loan Commitments”, and expresses the current view of the staff that, consistent with guidance in SFAS No. 156 and
No. 159, the expected net future cash flows related to the associated servicing of a loan should be included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings. Additionally, this SAB
expands the SAB No. 105 view that internally-developed intangible assets should not be recorded as part of the fair value for any written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings. This SAB was effective for fiscal
quarters beginning after December 15, 2007. The Bancorp will adopt SAB 109 for any loan commitments issued or modified on or after January 1, 2008. 

2. BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

 On November 2, 2007, the
Bancorp acquired 100% of the outstanding stock in R-G Crown Bank, FSB from R&G Financial Corporation. Crown operated 30 branches in Florida and three in Augusta, Georgia. The acquisition strengthened the Bancorp’s presence in the Greater
Orlando and Tampa Bay markets and also expanded its footprint into the Jacksonville and Augusta, Georgia markets. 

Under the
terms of the transaction, the Bancorp paid $259 million to R&G Financial and assumed $50 million of trust preferred securities. Additionally, Fifth Third Financial paid approximately $16 million to R-G Crown Real Estate, LLC to acquire land
leased by Crown for certain branches. The assets and liabilities of Crown were recorded on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at their respective fair values as of the closing date. The results of Crown’s operations were included in
the Bancorp’s Consolidated Statements of Income from the date of acquisition. In addition, the Bancorp realized charges against its earnings for Crown acquisition-related expenses of $7 million in 2007. The acquisition-related expenses
consisted primarily of marketing, consulting, travel, and other costs associated with system conversions. 

The transaction
resulted in total intangible assets of $297 million based upon the purchase price, the fair values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and applicable purchase accounting adjustments. Of this total intangibles amount, $19 million was
allocated to core deposit intangibles and the remaining $278 million was recorded as goodwill. 

On August 16 2007, the
Bancorp and First Charter Corporation, a full service financial institution which operates 57 branches in North Carolina and two in suburban Atlanta, announced that they entered into a definitive agreement under which the Bancorp will acquire 100%
of the outstanding stock in First Charter. Under the definitive agreement, the Bancorp will pay $31.00 per First Charter share, or approximately $1.09 billion. Consideration will be paid in the form of 70% Fifth Third Bancorp common stock and 30%
cash. The Bancorp is currently planning to close this transaction in the second quarter of 2008, subject to receipt of regulatory approval from the Federal Reserve. 

On January 1, 2005, the Bancorp acquired in a merger 100% of the outstanding stock of First National Bankshares, 

Inc. (“First National”), a bank holding company headquartered in Naples, Florida. First National operated 77 full-service banking centers located
primarily in Orlando, Tampa, Sarasota, Naples and Fort Myers. The acquisition of First National allowed the Bancorp to increase its presence in the rapidly expanding Florida market. 

Under the terms of the transaction, each share of First National common stock was exchanged for .5065 shares of the Bancorp’s common
stock, resulting in the issuance of 30.6 million shares of common stock. The common stock issued to effect the transaction was valued at $47.30 per share, the closing price of the Bancorp’s common stock on the previous trading day, for a
total transaction value of $1.5 billion. The total purchase price also included the fair value of stock-based awards issued in exchange for stock-based awards held by First National employees, for which the aggregate fair value was $63 million.

The assets and liabilities of First National were recorded on the Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at their
respective fair values as of the closing date. The results of First National’s operations were included in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Statements of Income from the date of acquisition. In addition, the Bancorp realized charges against its
earnings for acquisition-related expenses of $8 million during 2005. The acquisition-related expenses consisted primarily of travel and relocation costs, printing, closure of duplicate facilities, supplies and other costs associated with system
conversions. 

The transaction resulted in total intangible assets of $1.3 billion based upon the purchase price, the fair
values of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and applicable purchase accounting adjustments. Of this total intangibles amount, $85 million was allocated to core deposit intangibles, $7 million was allocated to customer lists and $13 million
was allocated to noncompete agreements. The remaining $1.2 billion was recorded as goodwill. 

The pro forma effect of the
financial results of Crown and First National included in the results of operations subsequent to the date of acquisition were not material to the Bancorp’s financial condition and operating results for the periods presented.

Fifth Third Bancorp    61 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

3. SECURITIES 

The following table provides a breakdown of the securities portfolio as of December 31: 

2007

2006

 ($ in millions)

AmortizedCost

UnrealizedGains

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

AmortizedCost

UnrealizedGains

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

 Available-for-sale and other:

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$3

-

-

3

1,396

-

-

1,396

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

160

1

(1)

160

100

-

(5)

95

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

490

6

-

496

603

11

-

614

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

8,738

24

(153)

8,609

7,999

10

(193)

7,816

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

385

1

(10)

376

172

1

(2)

171

 Other securities(a)

1,045

7

(19)

1,033

966

3

(8)

961

 Total

$10,821

39

(183)

10,677

11,236

25

(208)

11,053

 Held-to-maturity:

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

$351

-

-

351

345

-

-

345

 Other debt securities

4

-

-

4

11

-

-

11

 Total

$355

-

-

355

356

-

-

356

 (a)

 Other securities consist of FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank restricted stock holdings of $523 million and $199 million at December 31, 2007, respectively,
and $527 million and $187 million at December 31, 2006, respectively, that are carried at cost, FHLMC preferred stock holdings, certain mutual fund holdings and equity security holdings. 

 The amortized cost and approximate fair value of securities at December 31, 2007, by contractual maturity, are shown in the following table. Actual maturities may differ from contractual
maturities when there exists a right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. In 

2007, 2006, and 2005, gross realized securities gains were $28 million, $48 million, and $46 million, respectively, while gross realized securities losses
were $1 million, $408 million, and $7 million, respectively. 

Available-for-Sale& Other

Held-to-Maturity

 ($ in millions)

AmortizedCost

FairValue

AmortizedCost

FairValue

 Debt securities:

 Under 1 year

$120

120

3

3

 1-5 years

323

326

63

63

 5-10 years

591

591

259

259

 Over 10 years

8,742

8,607

30

30

 Other securities

1,045

1,033

-

-

 Total

$10,821

10,677

355

355

The following table provides the fair value and gross unrealized loss, aggregated by investment
category and length of time the individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position, as of December 31, 2007 and 2006: 

Less than 12months

12 months or more

Total

 ($ in millions)

FairValue

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

UnrealizedLosses

FairValue

UnrealizedLosses

 2007

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$1

-

1

-

2

-

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

99

(1)

-

-

99

(1)

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

6

-

1

-

7

-

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

2,279

(25)

3,730

(128)

6,009

(153)

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

279

(9)

6

(1)

285

(10)

 Other securities

57

(7)

27

(12)

84

(19)

 Total

$2,721

(42)

3,765

(141)

6,486

(183)

 2006

 U.S. Treasury and Government agencies

$747

-

1

-

748

-

 U.S. Government sponsored agencies

-

-

95

(5)

95

(5)

 Obligations of states and political subdivisions

3

-

4

-

7

-

 Agency mortgage-backed securities

853

(3)

5,383

(190)

6,236

(193)

 Other bonds, notes and debentures

10

-

119

(2)

129

(2)

 Other securities

8

(2)

41

(6)

49

(8)

 Total

$1,621

(5)

5,643

(203)

7,264

(208)

 The Bancorp completed balance sheet actions during the fourth quarter of 2006, which included the sale of $11.3 billion in available-for-sale securities
with a weighted-average yield of 4.30% in addition to the reinvestment of approximately $2.8 billion in available-for-sale securities that are more efficient when used as collateral for pledging purposes. These actions were taken to improve the
asset/liability profile of the Bancorp and reduce the size of the Bancorp’s available-for-sale securities portfolio to a size that was more consistent with its liquidity, collateral and interest rate risk management 

requirements; improve the composition of the balance sheet with a lower concentration in fixed-rate assets; lower wholesale borrowings to reduce leverage;
and better position the Bancorp for an uncertain economic and interest rate environment. 

At December 31, 2007, 85% of
the unrealized losses in the available-for-sale securities portfolio were comprised of debt securities issued by the U.S. Government sponsored agencies and agency mortgage-backed securities. The Bancorp believes the price 

62    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

movements in these securities are dependent upon movements in market interest rates. At December 31, 2007, four percent of unrealized losses in the
available-for-sale securities portfolio were represented by non-rated securities. 

At December 31, 2007 and 2006,
securities with a fair value of $8.8 billion and $7.7 billion, respectively, were 

pledged to secure borrowings, public deposits, trust funds and for other purposes as required or permitted by law. 

Unrealized gains and losses on trading securities held at December 31, 2007 and 2006 were not material to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

4. LOANS AND LEASES AND ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN AND LEASE LOSSES 

A summary of the total loans and leases classified by primary purpose as of December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Loans and leases held for sale:

 Commercial loans

$1,266

-

 Commercial mortgage loans

105

-

 Residential mortgage loans

893

1,075

 Home equity

-

1

 Automobile loans

1,982

-

 Other consumer loans and leases

83

74

 Total loans and leases held for sale

$4,329

1,150

 Portfolio loans and leases (a):

 Commercial loans

$24,813

20,831

 Commercial mortgage loans

11,862

10,405

 Commercial construction loans

5,561

6,168

 Commercial leases

3,737

3,841

 Total commercial loans and leases

45,973

41,245

 Residential mortgage loans

10,540

8,830

 Home equity

11,874

12,153

 Automobile loans

9,201

10,028

 Credit card

1,591

1,004

 Other consumer loans and leases

1,074

1,093

 Total consumer loans and leases

34,280

33,108

 Total portfolio loans and leases

$80,253

74,353

(a) At December 31, 2007 and 2006, deposit overdrafts of $78 million and $43 million,
respectively, were included in portfolio loans. 

 Total portfolio loans and leases were recorded net of unearned income, unamortized premiums and discounts, deferred loan fees and costs, and fair value adjustments associated with acquired loans
of $1.3 billion and $876 million as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. The following is a summary of the gross investment in lease financing at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Direct financing leases

$3,407

3,640

 Leveraged leases

2,452

2,520

 Total

$5,859

6,160

The components of the investment in lease financing at December 31:

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Rentals receivable, net of principal and interest on nonrecourse debt

$4,438

4,479

 Estimated residual value of leased assets

1,397

1,652

 Initial direct cost, net of amortization

24

29

 Gross investment in lease financing

5,859

6,160

 Unearned income

(1,325)

(1,245)

 Net investment in lease financing

$4,534

4,915

At December 31, 2007, the minimum future lease payments receivable for each of the years 2008
through 2012 were $1.1 billion, $1.0 billion, $.9 billion, $.6 billion and $.5 billion, respectively. 

 Transactions in the allowance for loan and lease losses for the years ended December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Balance at January 1

$771

744

713

 Losses charged off

(544)

(408)

(373)

 Recoveries of losses previously charged off

82

92

74

 Provision for loan and lease losses

628

343

330

 Balance at December 31

$937

771

744

As of December 31, 2007, impaired loans under SFAS No. 114 (not including
loans acquired and accounted for under Statement of Position 03-3) with a valuation allowance totaled $306 million and impaired loans without a valuation allowance totaled $188 million. The total valuation allowance on the impaired loans at
December 31, 2007 was $118 million. As of December 31, 2006, impaired loans with a valuation allowance totaled $193 million and impaired loans without a valuation allowance totaled $100 million. The total valuation allowance on the
impaired loans at December 31, 2006 was $59 million. Average impaired loans, net of valuation allowances, were $280 million in 2007, $209 million in 2006 and $169 million in 2005. Cash basis interest income recognized on those loans during each
of the years was immaterial. 

At December 31, 2007 and 2006, total nonperforming assets were $1.1 billion and $455
million, respectively, and total loans and leases 90 days past due were $491 million and $210 million, respectively. 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    63 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

5. LOANS ACQUIRED IN A TRANSFER 

 In 2007, the Bancorp acquired
certain loans, primarily related to the Crown acquisition, for which there was evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and for which it was probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments would not be
collected. These loans were evaluated either individually or segregated into pools based on common risk characteristics and accounted for under Statement of Position 03-3, “Accounting for Certain Loans or Debt Securities Acquired in a
Transfer” (“SOP 03-3”). SOP 03-3 requires acquired loans within its scope to be recorded at fair value and prohibits carrying over valuation allowances when applying purchase accounting. Loans carried at fair value, mortgage loans
held for sale and loans under revolving credit agreements are excluded from the scope of SOP 03-3. Prepayment assumptions were applied to contractually required payments at acquisition of each loan. 

As of December 31, 2007, the outstanding balance and carrying amount of those loans accounted for under SOP 03-3 were as follows:

 ($ in millions)

2007

 Commercial

$94

 Consumer

135

 Outstanding balance

$229

 Carrying amount

$101

 At the acquisition date, the Bancorp determines the excess of the loan’s contractually required payments over all cash flows expected to be collected
as an amount that should not be accreted into interest income (nonaccretable difference). The remaining amount representing the difference in the expected cash flows of acquired loans and the basis in acquired loans is accreted into interest income
over the remaining life of the loan or pool of loans. A summary of activity is provided below. 

 ($ in millions)

AccretableYield

 Balance as of December 31, 2006

$

-

 Additions

8

 Accretion

(2

)

 Reclassifications from (to) nonaccretable yield

-

 Balance as of December 31, 2007

$

6

Loans acquired during 2007, for which it was probable at acquisition that all contractually
required payments would not be collected, are summarized below. No such loans were acquired in 2006. 

 ($ in millions)

2007

 Contractually required payments receivable at acquisition:

 Commercial

$99

 Consumer

136

 Total

$235

 Cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition

$113

 Fair value of acquired loans at acquisition

105

6. BANK PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT 

A summary of bank premises and equipment at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

Estimated Useful Life

2007

2006

 Land and improvements

$620

487

 Buildings

10 to 50 yrs.

1,383

1,218

 Equipment

3 to 20 yrs.

1,210

1,121

 Leasehold improvements

3 to 40 yrs.

320

270

 Construction in progress

113

137

 Accumulated depreciation and amortization

(1,423)

(1,293)

 Total

$2,223

1,940

 Depreciation and amortization expense related to bank premises and equipment was $205 million in 2007, $187 million in 2006 and $161
million in 2005. 

Occupancy expense for cancelable and noncancelable leases was $85 million for 2007, $78 million for 2006
and $68 million for 2005. Occupancy expense has been reduced by rental income from leased premises of $12 million in 2007, 2006 and 2005. 

 The Bancorp’s subsidiaries
have entered into a number of noncancelable lease agreements with respect to bank premises and equipment. The minimum annual rental commitments under noncancelable lease agreements for land and buildings at December 31, 2007, exclusive of
income taxes and other charges, are $78 million in 2008, $74 million in 2009, $68 million in 2010, $62 million in 2011, $58 million in 2012 and $394 million in 2013 and subsequent years. 

7. GOODWILL 

Changes in the net carrying amount of goodwill by reporting segment for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006 were as follows: 

 ($ in millions)

CommercialBanking

BranchBanking

ConsumerLending

InvestmentAdvisors

ProcessingSolutions

Total

 Balance as of December 31, 2005

$871

798

182

127

191

2,169

 Acquisition activity

-

(1)

-

-

14

13

 Reclassification

-

-

-

11

-

11

 Balance as of December 31, 2006

871

797

182

138

205

2,193

 Acquisition activity

124

153

-

-

-

277

 Balance as of December 31, 2007

$995

950

182

138

205

2,470

 The Bancorp completed its most recent annual goodwill impairment test as of September 30, 2007 and determined that no impairment exists. In the table
above, acquisition activity includes acquisitions in the respective period plus purchase accounting adjustments related to previous acquisitions. 

During 2007, the Bancorp acquired Crown, which resulted in the recognition of $278 million in goodwill, of this amount 

$267 million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The Branch Banking segment also included a $1 million reduction in goodwill from a previous
acquisition. During 2006, the Bancorp acquired a credit card processing company. The acquisition resulted in the recognition of $14 million of goodwill and did not have a material impact on the financial results of the Bancorp. Additionally, during
2006, $11 million of goodwill was reclassified from other intangible assets. 

64    Fifth Third Bancorp     

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

8. INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

 Intangible assets consist of
servicing rights, core deposits, customer lists, non-competition agreements and cardholder relationships. Intangibles, excluding servicing rights, are amortized on either a straight-line or an accelerated basis over their estimated useful lives and
have an estimated weighted-average life at December 31, 2007 of 3.3 years. For further 

information on servicing rights, see Note 9. The Bancorp reviews intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that carrying amounts may not be recoverable. The details of the Bancorp’s intangible assets are shown in the following table. 

 ($ in millions)

GrossCarrying
Amount

AccumulatedAmortization

ValuationAllowance

NetCarrying
Amount

 As of December 31, 2007:

 Mortgage servicing rights

$1,417

(755)

(49)

613

 Other consumer and commercial servicing rights

24

(19)

-

5

 Core deposits

430

(302)

-

128

 Other

44

(25)

-

19

 Total intangible assets

$1,915

(1,101)

(49)

765

 As of December 31, 2006:

 Mortgage servicing rights

$1,210

(664)

(27)

519

 Other consumer and commercial servicing rights

23

(18)

-

5

 Core deposits

417

(276)

-

141

 Other

43

(18)

-

25

 Total intangible assets

$1,693

(976)

(27)

690

 As of December 31, 2007, all of the Bancorp’s intangible assets were being amortized. Amortization expense recognized on
intangible assets, including servicing rights, for 2007 and 2006 was $135 million and $116 million, respectively. 

Estimated amortization expense, including servicing rights, is $145 million in 2008, $135 million in 2009, $114 million in 2010, $85 million in 2011 and $70
million in 2012. 

9. SALES OF RECEIVABLES AND SERVICING RIGHTS 

 The Bancorp sold fixed and
adjustable rate residential mortgage loans during 2007 and 2006. In those sales, the Bancorp obtained servicing responsibilities. The Bancorp receives annual servicing fees based on a percentage of the outstanding balance. The investors have no
recourse to the Bancorp’s other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. The Bancorp identifies classes of servicing assets based on financial asset type and interest rates. For the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp
recognized pretax gains of $67 million and $68 million, respectively, on the sales of $10.1 billion and $7.1 billion, respectively, of residential mortgage loans. Additionally, the Bancorp recognized $145 million and $121 million in servicing fees
on residential mortgages for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. The gains on sales of residential mortgages and servicing fees 

related to residential mortgages are included in mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

During 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp sold student loans and certain commercial loans and obtained servicing responsibilities. At
December 31, 2007 and 2006, the value of the servicing asset and subordinated interest related to these sales was immaterial to the Bancorp’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Initial carrying values of servicing rights recognized during 2007 and 2006 were $205 million and $135 million, respectively. As of
December 31, 2007 and 2006, the key economic assumptions used in measuring the servicing rights were as follows: 

2007

2006

Rate

 Weighted-Average
Life

(in years)

PrepaymentSpeed
Assumption

DiscountRate

Weighted-Average
Default
Rate

 Weighted-Average
Life

(in years)

PrepaymentSpeed
Assumption

DiscountRate

 Weighted-Average
Default

Rate

 Residential mortgage loans:

 Servicing assets

Fixed

6.4

12.9

%

9.6

%

N/A

6.8

13.7

%

10.4

%

N/A

 Servicing assets

Adjustable

3.4

29.4

12.9

N/A

2.7

38.6

11.7

N/A

 Based on historical credit experience, expected credit losses for residential mortgage loan servicing assets have been deemed immaterial.
At December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp serviced $34.5 billion and $28.7 billion of residential mortgage loans for other investors. 

 The value of servicing assets is
subject to credit, prepayment and interest rate risks on the sold financial assets. At December 31, 2007, the sensitivity of the current fair value of residual cash flows to immediate 10% and 20% adverse changes in those assumptions are as
follows: 

Weighted-Average
Life (in
years)

Prepayment SpeedAssumption

Residual Servicing CashFlows

Weighted-Average

Default

FairValue

Rate

Impact of AdverseChange on Fair
Value

DiscountRate

Impact of AdverseChange on Fair
Value

Rate

Impact of AdverseChange on Fair
Value

 ($ in millions)

Rate

20%

10%

10%

20%

10%

20%

 Residential mortgage loans:

 Servicing assets

Fixed

$565

5.9

12.1

%

$26

$49

9.7

%

$20

$39

-

%

$-

$-

 Servicing assets

Adjustable

50

3.1

26.5

3

7

12.4

2

3

-

-

-

 These sensitivities are hypothetical and should be used with caution. As the figures indicate, changes in fair value based on a 10%
variation in assumptions typically cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also the effect of a variation in a particular assumption on the fair 

value of the servicing rights is calculated without changing any other assumption; in reality, changes in one factor may result in changes in another (for
example, increases in market interest rates may result in lower prepayments and increased credit losses), which might magnify or counteract the sensitivities. 

    Fifth Third Bancorp    65 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following table reflects changes in the servicing asset related to residential mortgage loans for the years ended December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Carrying amount as of the beginning of period

$

546

479

 Servicing obligations that result from transfer of residential mortgage loans

207

135

 Amortization

(91

)

(68

)

 Carrying amount before valuation
allowance

$

662

546

 Valuation allowance for servicing assets:

 Beginning balance

(27

)

(46

)

 Servicing valuation impairment recovery

(22

)

19

 Ending balance

(49

)

(27

)

 Carrying amount as of the end of the period

$

613

519

Temporary impairment or impairment recovery, effected through a change in the MSR
valuation allowance, are reported as a component of mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Bancorp maintains a non-qualifying hedging strategy to manage a portion of the risk associated with changes in value of
the MSR portfolio. This strategy includes the purchase of free-standing derivatives (principal-only swaps, swaptions and interest rate swaps) and various available-for-sale securities (primarily principal-only strips). The interest income,
mark-to-market adjustments and gain or loss on sales activities associated with these portfolios are expected to economically hedge a portion of the change in value of the MSR portfolio caused by fluctuating discount rates, earnings rates and
prepayment speeds. 

The Bancorp recognized a net gain of $29 million during 2007 and a net loss of $6 million during 2006
related to changes in fair value and settlement of free-standing derivatives purchased to economically hedge the MSR portfolio. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, other assets included free-standing derivative instruments related to the MSR
portfolio with a fair value of $70 million and $14 million, respectively, and other liabilities included free-standing derivative instruments with a fair value of $16 million and $5 million, respectively. The outstanding notional amounts on the
free-standing derivative instruments related to the MSR portfolio totaled $4.3 billion and $2.9 billion as of December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2007 

and 2006, the Bancorp recognized a gain of $6 million and $3 million, respectively, related to the sale of securities used to economically hedge MSRs. As of
December 31, 2007 and 2006, the available-for-sale securities portfolio included $205 million and $176 million, respectively, of securities related to the non-qualifying hedging strategy. 

The fair value of the servicing asset is based on the present value of expected future cash flows. The following table displays the
beginning and ending fair value for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Fixed rate residential mortgage loans:

 Fair value at beginning of period

$483

413

 Fair value at end of period

565

483

 Adjustable rate residential mortgage loans:

 Fair value at beginning of period

45

45

 Fair value at end of period

50

45

During 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp transferred, subject to credit recourse, certain
primarily floating-rate, short-term, investment grade commercial loans to an unconsolidated QSPE that is wholly owned by an independent third-party. The Bancorp obtains servicing responsibilities and receives monthly servicing fees. As of
December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp had $3.0 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively, of outstanding loans with a weighted-average remaining maturity of 2.3 years and 2.7 years, respectively. These loans may be transferred back to the
Bancorp upon the occurrence of certain events. These events include borrower default on the loans transferred, bankruptcy preferences initiated against underlying borrowers and ineligible loans transferred by the Bancorp to the QSPE. These
commercial loans are transferred at par with no gain or loss recognized. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the Bancorp collected $1.1 billion in cash proceeds from loan transfers and $30 million in fees from the QSPE. For the year ended
December 31, 2006, the Bancorp collected $1.6 billion in cash proceeds from loan transfers and $30 million in fees from the QSPE. 

The following table provides a summary of the total loans and leases managed by the Bancorp, including loans securitized and loans in the unconsolidated QSPE for the years ended December 31: 

Balance

Balance of Loans 90 Days orMore Past Due

Net CreditLosses

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2007

2006

2007

2006

 Commercial loans

$29,052

24,217

43

38

109

107

 Commercial mortgage

11,967

10,405

73

17

44

24

 Commercial construction loans

5,561

6,168

67

6

29

8

 Commercial leases

3,737

3,841

5

2

-

(1)

 Residential mortgage loans

11,454

9,942

187

69

43

22

 Home equity loans

12,162

12,527

74

56

99

58

 Automobile loans

11,183

10,174

13

8

86

58

 Other consumer loans and leases

2,749

2,171

32

17

54

43

 Total loans and leases managed and securitized
(a)

$87,865

79,445

494

213

464

319

 Less:

 Loans securitized

$310

556

 Loans in unconsolidated QSPE

2,973

3,386

 Loans held for sale

4,329

1,150

 Total portfolio loans and leases

$80,253

74,353

 (a)

 Excluding securitized assets that the Bancorp continues to service but with which it has no other continuing involvement. 

66    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

10. DERIVATIVES 

 The Bancorp maintains an overall
risk management strategy that incorporates the use of derivative instruments to reduce certain risks related to interest rate, prepayment and foreign currency volatility. 

The Bancorp’s interest rate risk management strategy involves modifying the repricing characteristics of certain financial instruments so that changes in interest rates do not adversely
affect the net interest margin and cash flows. Derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use as part of its interest rate risk management strategy include interest rate swaps, interest rate floors, interest rate caps, forward contracts, options
and swaptions. Interest rate swap contracts are exchanges of interest payments, such as fixed-rate payments for floating-rate payments, based on a common notional amount and maturity date. Interest rate floors protect against declining rates, while
interest rate caps protect against rising interest rates. Forward contracts are contracts in which the buyer agrees to purchase, and the seller agrees to make delivery of, a specific financial instrument at a predetermined price or yield. Options
provide the purchaser with the right, but not the obligation, to purchase or sell a contracted item during a specified period at an agreed upon price. Swaptions are financial instruments granting the owner the right, but not the obligation, to enter
into or cancel a swap. 

Prepayment volatility arises mostly from changes in fair value of the largely fixed-rate MSR
portfolio, mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities. The Bancorp may enter into various free-standing derivatives (principal-only swaps, swaptions, floors, options and interest rate swaps) to economically hedge prepayment volatility.
Principal-only swaps are total return swaps based on changes in the value of the underlying mortgage principal-only trust. 

Foreign currency volatility occurs as the Bancorp enters into certain foreign denominated loans. Derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use to economically hedge these foreign denominated loans include foreign exchange swaps and
forward contracts. 

The Bancorp also enters into derivative contracts (including foreign exchange contracts, commodity
contracts and interest rate swaps, floors and caps) for the benefit of commercial customers. The Bancorp may economically hedge significant exposures related to these free-standing derivatives by entering into offsetting third-party contracts with
approved, reputable counterparties with substantially matching terms and currencies. Credit risk arises from the possible inability of counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts. The Bancorp’s exposure is limited to the replacement
value of the contracts rather than the notional, principal or contract amounts. The Bancorp minimizes the credit risk through credit approvals, limits, counterparty collateral and monitoring procedures. 

Fair Value Hedges 

The Bancorp
may enter into interest rate swaps to convert its fixed-rate, long-term debt to floating-rate debt. Decisions to convert fixed-rate debt to floating are made primarily through 

consideration of the asset/liability mix of the Bancorp, the desired asset/liability sensitivity and interest rate levels. For the years ended
December 31, 2007 and 2006, certain interest rate swaps met the criteria required to qualify for the shortcut method of accounting. Based on this shortcut method of accounting treatment, no ineffectiveness is assumed. For interest rate swaps
that do not meet the shortcut requirements, an assessment of hedge effectiveness was performed and such swaps were accounted for using the “long-haul” method. The long-haul method requires quarterly assessment of hedge effectiveness and
measurement of ineffectiveness. For interest rate swaps accounted for as a fair value hedge using the long-haul method, ineffectiveness is the difference between the changes in the fair value of the interest rate swap and changes in fair value of
the long-term debt attributable to the risk being hedged. The ineffectiveness on interest rate swaps hedging long-term debt is reported within interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the years ended December 31, 2007 and
2006, the Bancorp recognized a net gain of $3 million and a net loss of less than $1 million, respectively, attributable to the ineffectiveness on interest rate swaps hedging long-term debt. 

During 2006, the Bancorp terminated interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges and, in accordance with SFAS No. 133, an
amount equal to the cumulative fair value adjustment to the hedged items at the date of termination will be amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term of the long-term debt. For the years ended December 31, 2007 and
2006, $11 million and $14 million in net deferred losses, net of tax, on the terminated fair value hedges were amortized into interest expense, respectively. 

The Bancorp also enters into forward contracts to hedge its residential mortgage loans held for sale. The hedged mortgage loans held for sale are grouped into portfolios of loans with similar
risk exposure. For the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp recognized net losses of $11 million and $5 million, respectively, attributable to the ineffectiveness of the hedging relationships related to residential mortgage loans
held for sale. The ineffectiveness of these forward contracts is reported within noninterest income in the Bancorp’s Consolidated Statements of Income. Those forward contracts that do not meet the criteria for fair value hedge accounting are
accounted for as free-standing derivatives. 

The following table reflects the notional amount and fair value of all fair
value hedges included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31: 

2007

2006

 ($ in millions)

NotionalAmount

 Fair

Value

NotionalAmount

FairValue

 Included in other assets:

 Interest rate swaps related to debt

$3,000

$67

-

-

 Forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale

183

1

653

4

 Total included in other assets

$68

4

 Included in other liabilities:

 Interest rate swaps related to debt

$775

$21

2,575

95

 Forward contracts related to mortgage loans held for sale

511

4

419

2

 Total included in other liabilities

$25

97

Fifth Third Bancorp    67 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cash Flow Hedges 

The Bancorp may
enter into interest rate swaps to convert floating-rate assets and liabilities to fixed rates or to hedge certain forecasted transactions. The assets or liabilities are typically grouped and share the same risk exposure for which they are being
hedged. The Bancorp may also enter into interest rate caps and floors to limit cash flow variability of floating rate assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2007, all hedges designated as cash flow hedges are assessed for effectiveness
using regression analysis. Ineffectiveness is generally measured as the amount by which the cumulative change in the fair value of the hedging instrument exceeds the present value of the cumulative change in the hedged item’s expected cash
flows. Ineffectiveness is reported within other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the Bancorp recognized a net gain of less than $1 million attributable to cash flow hedge
ineffectiveness. During the fourth quarter of 2007, the Bancorp terminated certain interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges. In conjunction with this termination, the Bancorp reclassified $22 million of losses into earnings as it was
determined that the original forecasted transaction was no longer probable of occurring by the end of the originally specified time period or within the additional period of time as defined in SFAS 

No. 133. These losses were reported within other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

As of December 31, 2007, $25 million of deferred gains on cash flow derivatives are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income. Gains and losses on derivative contracts are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to current period earnings when the forecasted transaction affects earnings and are included in the line item in which the hedged item's
effect in earnings is recorded. As of December 31, 2007, $3 million in net deferred gains, net of tax, recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income are expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next twelve months. 

In prior periods, the Bancorp terminated certain derivatives qualifying as cash flow hedges. The deferred gains or losses of those
terminated instruments, net of tax, were included in accumulated other comprehensive income and amortized over the designated hedging periods. As of December 31, 2006, less than $1 million of deferred losses, net of tax, related to terminated
cash flow hedges were recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. 

The following table reflects the notional amount
and market value of all cash flow hedges included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31: 

2007

2006

 ($ in millions)

NotionalAmount

FairValue

NotionalAmount

FairValue

 Included in other assets:

 Interest rate floors related to commercial loans

$1,500

$107

-

-

 Interest rate caps related to debt

1,750

11

-

-

 Total included in other assets

$118

-

 Included in other liabilities:

 Interest rate swaps related to consumer loans

$1,000

$11

-

-

 Total included in other liabilities

$11

-

 Free-Standing Derivative Instruments 

The majority of the free-standing derivative instruments
the Bancorp enters into are for the benefit of commercial customers. These derivative contracts are not designated against specific assets or liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets or to forecasted transactions and, therefore, do not qualify
for hedge accounting. These instruments include foreign exchange derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of commercial customers involved in international trade to hedge their exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, commodity contracts
to hedge such items as natural gas and various other derivative contracts. The Bancorp may economically hedge significant exposures related to these derivative contracts entered into for the benefit of customers by entering into offsetting contracts
with approved, reputable, independent counterparties with substantially matching terms. The Bancorp hedges its interest rate exposure on commercial customer transactions by executing offsetting swap agreements with primary dealers. Revaluation gains
and losses on foreign exchange, commodity and other commercial customer derivative contracts are recorded as a component of corporate banking revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

In 2007, the Bancorp began offering its customers an equity-linked certificate of deposit that has a return linked to equity indices.
Under SFAS No. 133, a certificate of deposit that pays interest based on changes on an equity index is a hybrid instrument that requires separation into a host contract (the certificate of deposit) and an embedded derivative contract (written
equity call option). The Bancorp enters into an offsetting derivative contract to economically hedge the exposure taken through the issuance of equity-linked certificates of deposit. Both the embedded derivative and derivative contract entered into
by the Bancorp are recorded as free-standing derivatives and recorded at fair value with offsetting gains and losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

 The Bancorp enters into foreign
exchange derivative contracts to economically hedge certain foreign denominated loans. Derivative instruments that the Bancorp may use to economically hedge these foreign denominated loans include foreign exchange swaps and forward contracts. The
Bancorp does not designate these instruments against the foreign denominated loans, and therefore, does not obtain hedge accounting treatment. Revaluation gains and losses on such foreign currency derivative contracts are recorded within other
noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income, as are revaluation gains and losses on foreign denominated loans. 

As part of its overall risk management strategy relative to its mortgage banking activity, the Bancorp may enter into various free-standing derivatives (principal-only swaps, swaptions, floors, options and interest rate swaps) to
economically hedge changes in fair value of its largely fixed-rate MSR portfolio. Principal-only swaps hedge the mortgage-LIBOR spread because these swaps appreciate in value as a result of tightening spreads. Principal-only swaps also provide
prepayment protection by increasing in value when prepayment speeds increase, as opposed to MSRs that lose value in a faster prepayment environment. Receive fixed/pay floating interest rate swaps and swaptions increase in value when interest rates
do not increase as quickly as expected. The Bancorp enters into forward contracts to economically hedge the change in fair value of certain residential mortgage loans held for sale due to changes in interest rates. The Bancorp enters into forward
swaps to economically hedge the change in fair value of certain commercial mortgage loans held for sale due to changes in interest rates. Interest rate lock commitments issued on commercial and residential mortgage loan commitments that will be held
for resale are also considered free-standing derivative instruments and the interest rate exposure on these commitments is economically hedged primarily with forward contracts. Revaluation gains and losses from free-standing derivatives related to
mortgage banking 

68    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

activity are recorded as a component of mortgage banking net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Additionally, the Bancorp occasionally may enter into free-standing derivative instruments (options, swaptions and interest rate swaps) in
order to minimize significant fluctuations in earnings and cash flows caused by interest rate volatility. The gains and losses on these derivative contracts are recorded 

within other noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

The net gains (losses) recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Income relating to free-standing derivative instruments for the years ended December 31 are summarized in the table below:

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Foreign exchange contracts

$60

53

52

 Commodity contracts for customers

2

-

-

 Interest rate lock commitments

3

(2)

1

 Derivative instruments related to held for sale mortgages

(14)

7

(2)

 Derivative instruments related to MSR portfolio

23

(9)

(23)

 Derivative instruments related to foreign currency risk

(19)

3

-

 Derivative instruments related to interest rate risk

(1)

(20)

3

The following table reflects the fair value of all free-standing derivatives included in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31: 

2007

2006

 ($ in millions)

NotionalAmount

FairValue

NotionalAmount

FairValue

 Included in other assets:

 Foreign exchange contracts for customers

$7,132

$255

5,064

164

 Interest rate contracts for customers

12,265

391

8,174

110

 Commodity contracts for customers

167

28

68

4

 Derivative instruments related to equity-linked CD

50

5

-

-

 Interest rate lock commitments

656

3

389

2

 Derivative instruments related to held for sale mortgages

229

1

243

1

 Derivative instruments related to MSR portfolio

3,062

70

2,335

14

 Derivative instruments related to foreign currency risk

-

-

68

1

 Derivative instruments related to interest rate risk

1

-

213

9

 Total included in other assets

$753

305

 Included in other liabilities:

 Foreign exchange contracts for customers

$6,642

$234

4,783

149

 Interest rate contracts for customers

12,430

391

8,398

110

 Commodity contracts for customers

163

22

62

4

 Derivative instruments related to equity-linked CD

50

5

-

-

 Interest rate lock commitments

253

1

750

3

 Derivative instruments related to held for sale mortgages

588

9

103

1

 Derivative instruments related to MSR portfolio

1,280

16

583

5

 Derivative instruments related to foreign currency risk

153

1

-

-

 Derivative instruments related to interest rate risk

-

-

7

-

 Total included in other liabilities

$679

272

The following table summarizes the Bancorp’s derivative instrument positions (excluding $39.8
billion in notional amount from the customer accommodation program) at December 31, 2007: 

 ($ in millions)

 Notional

Amount

 Weighted-AverageRemaining Maturity

(in months)

 Average Receive

Rate

 Average Pay

Rate

 Interest rate swaps related to debt:

 Receive fixed/pay floating

$3,775

247

5.44

%

5.35

%

 Mortgage lending commitments:

 Forward contracts on residential mortgage loans held for sale

1,415

1

 Forward contracts on commercial mortgage loans held for sale

96

98

 Mortgage servicing rights portfolio:

 Interest rate swaps – Receive fixed/pay floating

1,012

88

5.44

5.09

 Interest rate swaps – Receive floating/pay fixed

1,280

47

4.95

4.72

 Interest rate swaptions – Pay fixed

1,375

2

5.48

 Interest rate swaptions – Receive fixed

675

9

4.31

 Aggregate balance sheet risk:

 Interest rate floors

1,500

64

 Interest rate caps

1,750

42

 Forward swaps related to consumer loans

1,000

23

 Foreign currency forward contracts

153

2

 Interest rate futures/forwards

1

14

 Total

$14,032

Fifth Third Bancorp    69 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

11. OTHER ASSETS 

 The following table provides the
components of other assets included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Accounts receivable and drafts-in-process

$

1,892

$

1,446

 Bank owned life insurance

1,832

1,949

 Partnership investments

958

698

 Derivative instruments

939

309

 Accrued interest receivable

564

533

 Other real estate owned

159

90

 Prepaid pension and other expenses

116

119

 Other

563

626

 Total

$

7,023

$

5,770

The Bancorp purchases life insurance policies on the lives of certain directors, officers and
employees and is the owner and beneficiary of the policies. The Bancorp invests in these policies, known as BOLI, to provide an efficient form of funding for long-term retirement and other employee benefits costs. Therefore, the Bancorp’s BOLI
policies are intended to be long-term investments to provide funding for future payment of long-term liabilities. The Bancorp records these BOLI policies within other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at each policy’s respective cash
surrender value, with changes 

recorded in noninterest income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Certain BOLI policies have a stable value agreement through either a large, well-rated bank or multi-national insurance carrier that provides limited cash surrender value protection from declines
in the value of each policy’s underlying investments. During the second half of 2007, the value of the investments underlying one of the Bancorp’s BOLI policies declined significantly due to disruptions in the credit markets, widening of
credit spreads between U.S. treasuries/swaps versus municipal bonds and bank trust preferred securities, and illiquidity in the asset-backed securities market. These factors caused the decline in the cash surrender value to exceed the protection
provided by the stable value agreement. 

As a result of exceeding the cash surrender value protection, the Bancorp recorded
a $177 million charge during the fourth quarter of 2007 to reflect the cash surrender value related to this policy. The cash surrender value of this BOLI policy was $505 million at December 31, 2007. In 2008, the cash surrender value of this
policy may increase or decrease further depending on market conditions related to the underlying investments. 

At
December 31, 2007, the cash surrender value protection had not been exceeded for any other BOLI policies. 

12. SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS 

 Borrowings with original
maturities of one year or less are classified as short term. Federal funds purchased are excess balances in reserve accounts held at Federal Reserve Banks that the Bancorp purchased from other member banks on an overnight basis. Bank notes are
promissory notes issued by the 

Bancorp’s subsidiary banks. Other short-term borrowings include securities sold under repurchase agreements, FHLB advances and other borrowings with
original maturities of one year or less. A summary of short-term borrowings and weighted-average rates follows: 

2007

2006

2005

 ($ in millions)

Amount

Rate

Amount

Rate

Amount

Rate

 As of December 31:

 Federal funds purchased

$4,427

3.29

%

$1,421

5.26

%

$5,323

3.93

%

 Other short-term borrowings

4,747

3.90

2,796

4.04

4,246

2.94

 Average for the years ended December 31:

 Federal funds purchased

$3,646

5.04

%

$4,148

5.02

%

$4,225

3.26

%

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

-

-

248

2.60

 Other short-term borrowings

3,244

4.32

4,522

4.28

5,038

2.74

 Maximum month-end balance:

 Federal funds purchased

$5,130

$5,434

$6,378

 Short-term bank notes

-

-

775

 Other short-term borrowings

5,381

6,287

6,531

70    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

13. LONG-TERM DEBT 

A summary of long-term borrowings at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

Maturity

Interest Rate

2007

2006

 Parent Company

 Senior:

 Extendable notes

2008 -2009

4.91%

$

1,745

1,748

 Subordinated(b):

 Fixed-rate notes

2017

5.45%

510

492

 Fixed-rate notes

2018

4.50%

485

459

 Floating-rate notes

2016

5.35%

250

250

 Junior subordinated:

 Fixed-rate debentures (b)

2027

8.14%

-

217

 Floating-rate notes (a)

2067

7.25%

876

-

 Floating-rate notes (a)

2067

6.50%

750

-

 Floating-rate notes (a)

2067

7.25%

601

-

 Subsidiaries

 Senior:

 Fixed-rate bank notes

2008 -2019

2.87% -5.20%

1,640

2,006

 Floating-rate bank notes

2013

5.02%

500

500

 Extendable bank notes

2009 -2014

4.66% -5.05%

1,200

1,200

 Subordinated(b):

 Fixed-rate bank notes

2015

4.75%

513

492

 Junior subordinated(a):

 Floating-rate bank notes

2032 -2033

8.09%-8.78%

52

-

 Floating-rate debentures

2027

-

103

 Floating-rate debentures

2033 -2034

7.73% -7.78%

67

67

 Mandatorily redeemable securities (a)

2031

-

647

 Federal Home Loan Bank advances

2008 -2037

0% - 8.34%

3,571

4,258

 Other

2008 -2032

Varies

97

119

 Total

$

12,857

12,558

 (a)

 Qualify as Tier I capital for regulatory capital purposes. 

 (b)

 Qualify as Tier II capital for regulatory capital purposes. 

 The Bancorp pays down long-term
debt in accordance with contractual terms over maturity periods summarized in the above table. Contractually obligated payments for long-term debt are due over the following periods as of December 31, 2007: $2.2 billion in 2008; $2.8 billion in
2009, $800 million in 2010, $2 million in 2011, $1.0 billion in 2012 and $6.0 billion after 2012. 

Parent Company Long-Term Borrowings

The senior extendable notes currently pay interest at one-month LIBOR plus 1 bp and, in 2008, the notes can be extended an
additional twelve months paying an interest rate of one-month LIBOR plus 2 bp. During 2007, $31 million of the notes were extended and the final maturity of these notes is 2009. 

The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert the subordinated fixed-rate notes due in 2017 and 2018 to floating-rate. The rate paid on these swaps was 5.24% and 5.12%, respectively, at
December 31, 2007. The subordinated floating-rate notes due in 2016 pay interest at three-month LIBOR plus 42 bp. 

The
7.25% junior subordinated floating-rate notes due in 2067, with an outstanding debt balance of $876 million at December 31, 2007, pay a fixed rate of 7.25% until 2057, then convert to floating at three-month LIBOR plus 303 bp. The Bancorp
entered into interest rate swaps to convert $700 million of the fixed-rate debt into floating. At December 31, 2007, the weighted-average rate paid on the swaps was 6.11%. The 6.50% junior subordinated floating-rate notes due in 2067 pay a
fixed rate of 6.50% until 2017, then convert to floating at three-month LIBOR plus 137 bp until 2047. Thereafter, the notes pay a floating rate at one-month LIBOR plus 237 bp. The junior subordinated floating-rate notes due in 2067, with an
outstanding debt balance of $601 million at December 31, 2007, pay a fixed rate of 7.25% until 2057, then convert to floating at three-month LIBOR plus 257 bp. The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert $500 million of the
fixed-rate debt into floating. At December 31, 2007, the weighted-average rate paid on these swaps was 5.59%. The obligations were issued to Fifth Third Capital Trusts IV, V and VI, respectively. The Bancorp has fully 

and unconditionally guaranteed all obligations under these trust preferred securities. In addition, the Bancorp entered into replacement capital covenants
for the benefit of holders of long-term debt senior to the junior subordinated notes that limits, subject to certain restrictions, the Bancorp’s ability to redeem the junior subordinated notes prior to their scheduled maturity. 

During the first quarter of 2007, the Bancorp called the 8.14% junior subordinated debentures due in 2027 to Fifth Third Capital Trust I.

Subsidiary Long-Term Borrowings 

The senior fixed-rate bank notes due from 2008 to 2019 are the obligations of a subsidiary bank. The maturities of the face value of the senior fixed-rate bank notes are as follows: $500 million in 2008, $73 million
in 2009, $800 million in 2010 and $275 million in 2019. The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert $1.1 billion of the fixed-rate debt into floating rates. At December 31, 2007, the rates paid on these swaps ranged from 5.04% to
5.12%. 

The senior floating-rate bank notes due in 2013 are the obligations of a subsidiary bank. The notes pay a floating
rate at three-month LIBOR plus 11 bp. 

The senior extendable notes consist of $800 million that currently pay interest at
three-month LIBOR plus 4 bp and $400 million that pay at the Federal Funds open rate plus 12 bp. In 2008, the notes can be extended an additional six years paying an interest rate of one-month LIBOR plus 6 bp. During 2007, only $3 million of the
notes were extended and the final maturity of these notes is 2014. 

The subordinated fixed-rate bank notes due in 2015 are
the obligations of a subsidiary bank. The Bancorp entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed-rate debt into floating rate. At December 31, 2007, the weighted-average rate paid on the swaps was 5.01%. 

The junior subordinated floating-rate bank notes due in 2032 and 2033 were assumed by a Bancorp subsidiary as part of the acquisition of
Crown in November 2007. Two of the notes pay floating at three-month LIBOR plus 310 and 325 bp. The third note pays floating at six-month LIBOR plus 370 bp. 

The three-month LIBOR plus 290 bp and the three-month LIBOR plus 279 bp junior subordinated debentures due in 2033 and 2034, respectively, were assumed by a subsidiary of the 

Fifth Third Bancorp    71 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Bancorp in connection with the acquisition of First National Bank. The obligations were issued to FNB Statutory Trusts I and II, respectively. The Bancorp
has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all obligations under these trust preferred securities. 

At December 31, 2007,
FHLB advances have rates ranging from 0% to 8.34%, with interest payable monthly. The advances are secured by certain residential mortgage loans and securities totaling $8.6 billion. The advances mature as follows: $6 million in 2008, $1.5 billion
in 2009, $1 million in 2010, $2 million in 2011 and $2.1 billion in 2012 and thereafter. 

Medium-term senior notes and
subordinated bank notes with maturities ranging from one year to 30 years can be issued by two subsidiary banks, of which $3.8 billion was outstanding 

at December 31, 2007 with $16.2 billion available for future issuance. There were no other medium-term senior notes outstanding on either of the two
subsidiary banks as of December 31, 2007. 

During the first quarter of 2007, the Bancorp called the three-month LIBOR
plus 80 bp junior subordinated debentures due in 2027 to Old Kent Capital Trust I. In addition, all of the issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock related to the mandatorily redeemable securities of Fifth Third Real Estate Investment Trust,
Inc. were purchased by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the parent company during the third quarter of 2007. 

14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENT LIABILITIES AND GUARANTEES 

 The Bancorp, in the normal
course of business, enters into financial instruments and various agreements to meet the financing needs of its customers. The Bancorp also enters in certain transactions and agreements to manage its interest rate and prepayment risks, provide
funding, equipment and locations for its operations and invest in its communities. These instruments and agreements involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk, counterparty risk and market risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the
Bancorp’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Creditworthiness for all instruments and agreements is evaluated on a case-by-case basis in accordance with the Bancorp’s credit policies. The Bancorp’s significant commitments, contingent
liabilities and guarantees in excess of the amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are summarized as follows: 

Commitments 

The Bancorp has certain commitments to make future payments under contracts. A summary of significant
commitments at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Commitments to extend credit

$

49,788

42,085

 Letters of credit (including standby letters of credit)

8,522

8,163

 Customer derivatives in a loss position

1,797

4,546

 Forward contracts to sell mortgage loans

1,511

1,418

 Noncancelable lease obligations

734

695

 Capital expenditures

94

126

 Purchase obligations

52

24

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend, typically having fixed
expiration dates or other termination clauses that may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash flow
requirements. The Bancorp is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance for the amount of the contract. Fixed-rate commitments are also subject to market risk resulting from fluctuations in interest rates and the Bancorp’s exposure
is limited to the replacement value of those commitments. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp had a reserve for unfunded commitments totaling $95 million and $76 million, respectively, included in other liabilities. 

Standby and commercial letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party.
At December 31, 2007, approximately $2.8 billion of standby letters of credit expire within one year, $5.3 billion expire between one to five years and $0.5 billion expire thereafter. At December 31, 2007, letters of credit of
approximately $17 million were issued to commercial customers for a duration of one year or less to facilitate trade payments in domestic and foreign currency transactions. At December 31, 2007, the reserve related to these standby letters of
credit was less than $1 million. Approximately 70% of the total standby letters of credit were secured as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. In the event of nonperformance by the customers, the Bancorp has 

rights to the underlying collateral, which can include commercial real estate, physical plant and property, inventory, receivables, cash and marketable
securities. 

The Bancorp’s subsidiaries have entered into a number of noncancelable lease agreements. The minimum
rental commitments under noncancelable lease agreements are shown in the table. The Bancorp or the subsidiaries have also entered into a limited number of agreements for work related to banking center construction and to purchase goods or services.

Contingent Liabilities 

As discussed in Note 10, the Bancorp’s policy is to enter into derivative contracts to accommodate customers, to offset customer accommodations and to offset its own market risk incurred in the ordinary course of its business.
Contingent obligations arising from market risk assumed in derivatives are offset with additional rights contained in other derivatives or contracts, such as loans or borrowings. A liability arises when a customer does not perform according to the
derivative contract while the Bancorp must perform the offsetting agreement. Customer derivatives in a loss position with a corresponding offset are included in the table. The fair value of these contracts at December 31, 2007 and 2006 was $23
million and $69 million, respectively. 

The Bancorp, through its
electronic payment processing division, processes VISA®
 and MasterCard
®
 merchant card transactions. Pursuant to VISA
®
 and MasterCard
®
 rules, the Bancorp assumes certain contingent liabilities relating to these transactions which typically arise from
billing disputes between the merchant and cardholder that are ultimately resolved in the cardholder’s favor. In such cases, these transactions are “charged-back” to the merchant and disputed amounts are refunded to the cardholder. If
the Bancorp is unable to collect these amounts from the merchant, it will bear the loss for refunded amounts. The likelihood of incurring a contingent liability arising from chargebacks is relatively low, as most products or services are delivered
when purchased and credits are issued on returned items. For the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp processed approximately $126 million and $120 million, respectively, of chargebacks presented by issuing banks, resulting in no
material losses to the Bancorp. The Bancorp accrues for probable losses based on historical experience and did not carry a credit loss reserve related to such chargebacks at December 31, 2007 and 2006. 

There are legal claims pending against the Bancorp and its subsidiaries that have arisen in the normal course of business. See Note 15 for
additional information regarding these proceedings. 

Guarantees 

The Bancorp has performance obligations upon the occurrence of certain events under financial guarantees provided in certain contractual arrangements. 

Through December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp had transferred, subject to credit recourse, certain primarily 

72    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

floating- rate, short-term investment grade commercial loans to an unconsolidated QSPE that is wholly owned by an independent third party. The outstanding
balance of such loans at December 31, 2007 and 2006 was approximately $3.0 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. These loans may be transferred back to the Bancorp upon the occurrence of certain specified events. These events include borrower
default on the loans transferred, bankruptcy preferences initiated against underlying borrowers and ineligible loans transferred by the Bancorp to the QSPE. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers
is approximately equivalent to the total outstanding balance of $3.0 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2007 and 2006. In addition, the Bancorp’s agreement to provide liquidity support to the QSPE was $5.0 billion as
of year end 2007 compared to $3.8 billion as of year end 2006. During the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, no amounts were drawn on the liquidity agreement. At December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp’s loss reserve related to
the liquidity support and credit enhancement provided to the QSPE was $18 million and $16 million, respectively, recorded in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach
that is consistent with its overall approach in estimating credit losses for various categories of residential mortgage loans held in its loan portfolio. 

At the end of the third quarter of 2007, the Bancorp began purchasing asset-backed commercial paper from the QSPE due to widening credit spreads in the commercial paper market. As of December 31, 2007, the amount
of commercial paper held by the Bancorp was $83 million, representing three percent of the total commercial paper issued by the QSPE. 

At December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp had provided credit recourse on residential mortgage loans sold to unrelated third parties of approximately $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. In the event of
any customer default, pursuant to the credit recourse provided, the Bancorp is required to reimburse the third party. The maximum amount of credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the underlying borrowers is equivalent to the total outstanding
balance. In the event of nonperformance, the Bancorp has rights to the underlying collateral value securing the loan. The Bancorp maintained an estimated credit loss reserve of approximately $17 million and $18 million relating to these residential
mortgage loans sold at December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively, recorded in other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. To determine the credit loss reserve, the Bancorp used an approach that is consistent with its overall approach
in estimating credit losses for various categories of residential mortgage loans held in its loan portfolio. 

 Fifth Third Securities, Inc (“FTS”), a subsidiary of the Bancorp, guarantees the collection of all margin account balances held
by its brokerage clearing agent for the benefit of FTS customers. FTS is responsible for payment to its brokerage clearing agent for any loss, liability, damage, cost or expense incurred as a result of customers failing to comply with margin or
margin maintenance calls on all margin accounts. The margin account balance held by the brokerage clearing agent as of December 31, 2007 was $48 million compared to $51 million as of December 31, 2006. In the event of any customer default,
FTS has rights to the underlying collateral provided. Given the existence of the underlying collateral provided and negligible historical credit losses, the Bancorp does not maintain a loss reserve related to the margin accounts. 

As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, the Bancorp had fully and unconditionally guaranteed certain long-term borrowing obligations issued
by four wholly-owned issuing trust entities of $2.3 billion and $376 million, respectively. For further information on long-term borrowing obligations, see Note 13. 

The Bancorp, as a member bank of Visa has certain indemnification obligations pursuant to Visa’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws and in accordance with their membership agreements.
In accordance with the Visa bylaws, the Bancorp may be required to indemnify Visa for the Bancorp’s proportional share of losses based on its membership interests. 

On October 3, 2007, Visa announced it had completed restructuring transactions in preparation for its initial public offering (“IPO”) expected to occur in the first quarter of
2008. As part of this restructuring, the Bancorp’s indemnification obligation was modified to include only certain known litigation as of the date of restructuring. This modification triggered a requirement to fair value the indemnification
obligation in accordance with FIN 45, “Guarantor’s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others.” Accordingly, the Bancorp recorded an indemnification liability under
FIN 45 of $3 million. The Bancorp has also recorded $85 million for its share of litigation settled by Visa and $84 million for future settlements. These amounts are accrued under SFAS No. 5 “Accounting for Contingencies.” Visa has
announced that they expect to fund an escrow account from a portion of the IPO proceeds in order to resolve their remaining litigation. In the event this occurs, a portion or all of the Bancorp’s current liability at December 31, 2007 of
$172 million would no longer be required. 

15. LEGAL AND REGULATORY PROCEEDINGS 

 During May 2005, the Bancorp
filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio related to a dispute with the Internal Revenue Service concerning the timing of deductions associated with certain leveraged lease transactions in its 1997 tax return.
The Internal Revenue Service has also proposed adjustments to the tax effects of certain leveraged lease transactions in subsequent tax return years. The proposed adjustments, including penalties, relate to the Bancorp’s portfolio of lease-in
lease-out transactions, service contract leases and qualified technology equipment leases with both domestic and foreign municipalities. The Bancorp is challenging the Internal Revenue Service’s proposed treatment of all of these leasing
transactions. The Bancorp’s original net investment in these leases totaled approximately $900 million. Management continues to believe that its treatment of these leveraged leases was appropriate and in compliance with applicable tax law and
regulations. While management cannot predict with certainty the result of the suit, given the tax treatment of these transactions has been challenged by the Internal Revenue Service, management believes a resolution may involve a projected change in
the timing of the leveraged lease cash flows. Under FSP FAS 

No. 13-2, which was effective as of January 1, 2007, a change or projected change in the timing of lessor cash flows related to income taxes
generated by leveraged lease transactions, excluding interest and penalty assessments, requires a lessor to recalculate the rate of return and allocation of income to positive investment years from inception of the lease. Upon adoption of FSP FAS
No. 13-2 on January 1, 2007, the Bancorp recorded a $96 million after-tax charge to retained earnings related to its portfolio of leveraged leases. The amount of this reduction will be recognized as income over the remaining term of the
affected leases. During the first quarter of 2007, the Bancorp made deposits of $386 million with the IRS to mitigate the risk associated with tax years currently under audit. These deposits enable the Bancorp to stop the accrual of interest on any
tax deficiency, to the extent of the deposit, if the Bancorp is not ultimately successful. Trial for this litigation is scheduled to begin March 31, 2008. 

During April 2006, the Bancorp was added as a defendant in a consolidated antitrust
class action lawsuit originally filed against Visa®
, MasterCard
®
 and several other major financial institutions

    Fifth Third Bancorp    73 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. The plaintiffs, merchants operating commercial businesses throughout the U.S. and
trade associations, claim that the interchange fees charged by card-issuing banks are unreasonable and seek injunctive relief and unspecified damages. In addition to being a named defendant, the Bancorp is also subject to an indemnification
obligation of Visa as discussed in Note 14. Accordingly, the Bancorp recorded a contingent liability included in the $172 million litigation reserve. 

Several putative class action complaints have been filed against the Bancorp in various federal and state courts. The federal cases were consolidated by the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation and are now known
as “In Re TJX Security Breach Litigation.” The state court actions have been removed to federal court and have been consolidated into that same case. The complaints relate to the alleged intrusion of The TJX Companies, Inc.’s
(“TJX”) computer system and the potential theft of their customers’ non-public information and alleged violations of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Some of the complaints were filed by consumers and seek unquantified damages on behalf of
putative classes of persons who transacted business at any one of TJX’s stores during the period of the alleged intrusion. Another was filed by financial institutions and seeks unquantified damages on behalf of other similarly situated entities
that suffered losses in relation to the alleged intrusion. The U.S. District Court (“Court”) has granted the Bancorp’s motion to dismiss certain of the claims, but additional claims remain pending. On November 29, 2007, the U.S.
District Court, District of Massachusetts (“District Court”) issued an order denying Plaintiffs’ Motion for Class Certification in the consolidated cases brought by financial institutions (the “Financial Institution Track”).
On December 18, 2007, the District Court entered its final order in the Financial Institution Track litigation that i) denied Plaintiffs’ Motion for Leave to Amend their Complaint, without prejudice; ii) dismissed the case for lack of
subject matter jurisdiction; and iii) transferred the case from the United States District Court to the Massachusetts Superior Court in and for the County of Middlesex (“Massachusetts State Court”). On December 18, 2007, TJX
Companies, Inc. filed a notice of Appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit (“First Circuit”) as to that portion of the Court’s December 18 order transferring the case to Massachusetts State Court and an
emergency motion to stay the Massachusetts State Court proceedings pending the appeal. On December 19, 2007, the First Circuit granted the request for stay until further order of the Court. On December 20, 2007, Fifth Third likewise filed
a notice of appeal to the First 

Circuit solely as to that portion of the District Court’s December 18 Order transferring the case to the Massachusetts State Court. On
December 21, 2007, Plaintiffs also filed a Notice of Appeal in the First Circuit as to the entirety of the District Court’s December 18 Order and also as to all other prior “adverse rulings” including, without limitation,
the District Court’s denial of class certification and dismissal of various claims. In regard to the consumer track litigation, on January 9, 2008, the District Court issued an Order of Preliminary Approval of a proposed class action
settlement funded solely by TJX and for the Publishing of Notice of a Final Fairness Hearing set for July 15, 2008. 

In
June 2007, Ronald A. Katz Technology Licensing, L.P. (“Katz”) filed a suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio against the Bancorp and its Ohio banking subsidiary. In the suit, Katz alleges that the
Bancorp and its Ohio bank are infringing on Katz’s patents for interactive call processing technology by offering certain automated telephone banking and other services. This lawsuit is one of many related patent infringement suits brought by
Katz in various courts against numerous other defendants. Katz is seeking unspecified monetary damages and penalties as well as injunctive relief in the suit. Management believes there are substantial defenses to these claims and intends to defend
them vigorously. The impact of the final disposition of this lawsuit cannot be assessed at this time. 

In February 2008, a
shareholder of the Bancorp filed a derivative suit in the Court of Common Pleas for Hamilton County, Ohio, against the members of the Bancorp’s Board of Directors and, nominally, the Bancorp, alleging breach of fiduciary duty and waste of
corporate assets, among other charges, in relation to the approval of the Bancorp’s acquisition of First Charter Corporation. The suit seeks an injunction to halt proceeding with the acquisition of First Charter Corporation, an independent
valuation of First Charter Corporation as to its worth, unspecified compensatory damages in favor of the Bancorp from the Directors as well as costs and attorneys fees to the plaintiff. The impact of the final disposition of this lawsuit cannot be
assessed at this time. 

The Bancorp and its subsidiaries are not parties to any other material litigation. However, there
are other litigation matters that arise in the normal course of business. While it is impossible to ascertain the ultimate resolution or range of financial liability with respect to these contingent matters, management believes any resulting
liability from these other actions would not have a material effect upon the Bancorp’s consolidated financial position or results of operations or cash flows. 

16. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

 At December 31, 2007 and
2006, certain directors, executive officers, principal holders of Bancorp common stock, associates of such persons, and affiliated companies of such persons were indebted, including undrawn commitments to lend, to the Bancorp’s banking
subsidiaries in the aggregate amount, net of participations, of $348 million and $271 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, the outstanding balance on loans to related parties, net of participations and undrawn commitments,
was $132 million and $76 million, respectively. 

Commitments to lend to related parties as of December 31, 2007 and
2006, net of participations, were comprised of $340 million and $260 million, respectively, to directors and $8 million and $11 million at December 31, 2007 and 2006 to executive officers. The commitments are in the form of loans and guarantees
for various business and personal interests. This indebtedness was incurred in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, 

including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time of comparable transactions with unrelated parties. This indebtedness does not
involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. 

None of the Bancorp’s
affiliates, officers, directors or employees has an interest in or receives any remuneration from any special purpose entities or qualified special purpose entities with which the Bancorp transacts business. 

The Bancorp maintains a written policy and procedures covering related party transactions. These procedures cover transactions such as
employee-stock purchase loans, personal lines of credit, residential secured loans, overdrafts, letters of credit and increases in indebtedness. Such transactions are subject to the Bancorp’s normal underwriting and approval procedures. Prior
to the loan closing, Compliance Risk Management must approve and determine whether the transaction requires approval from or a post notification be sent to the Bancorp’s Board of Directors. 

74    Fifth Third Bancorp     

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

17. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 The Bancorp has elected to
present the disclosures required by SFAS No. 130, “Reporting of Comprehensive Income,” in the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity and in the following table. Disclosure of the reclassification

adjustments, related tax effects allocated to other comprehensive income and accumulated other comprehensive income as of and for the years ended
December 31 were as follows: 

Total Other Comprehensive

Income

Total Accumulated Other

Comprehensive
Income

 ($ in millions)

PretaxActivity

 Tax

Effect

NetActivity

BeginningBalance

NetActivity

EndingBalance

 2007

 Gains on available-for-sale securities

$60

(23)

37

 Reclassification adjustment for net gains recognized in net income

(21)

9

(12)

 Unrecognized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities

39

(14)

25

(119)

25

(94)

 Gains on cash flow hedge derivatives

42

(15)

27

 Reclassification adjustment for net gains on cash flow hedge derivatives recognized in
net income

(1)

-

(1)

 Unrecognized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge derivatives

41

(15)

26

(1)

26

25

 Defined benefit plans:

 Net prior service cost

-

-

-

 Net actuarial loss

3

(1)

2

 Total pension and other postretirement obligations

3

(1)

2

(59)

2

(57)

 Total

$83

(30)

53

(179)

53

(126)

 2006

 Gains on available-for-sale securities

$61

(20)

41

 Reclassification adjustment for net losses recognized in net income

364

(129)

235

 Unrecognized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities

425

(149)

276

(395)

276

(119)

 Reclassification adjustment for cash flow hedge derivative net losses recognized in
net income

20

(8)

12

 Unrecognized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge derivatives

20

(8)

12

(13)

12

(1)

 Minimum pension liability (a)

(5)

5

-

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting for pension and other postretirement obligations (a)

-

(59)

(59)

 Total

$445

(157)

288

(413)

234

(179)

 2005

 Losses on available-for-sale securities

$

(455)

158

(297)

 Reclassification adjustment for net gains recognized in net income

(39)

13

(26)

 Unrecognized losses on available-for-sale securities

(494)

171

(323)

(72)

(323)

(395)

 Gains on cash flow hedge derivatives

9

(3)

6

 Reclassification adjustment for net losses recognized in net income

21

(7)

14

 Unrecognized gains (losses) on cash flow hedge derivatives

30

(10)

20

(33)

20

(13)

 Minimum pension liability

90

(31)

59

(64)

59

(5)

 Total

$

(374)

130

(244)

(169)

(244)

(413)

 (a)

 Upon adoption of SFAS No. 158, the Bancorp measured its liability for its total pension and other postretirement obligations to be $59 million.

    Fifth Third Bancorp    75 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

18. COMMON STOCK AND TREASURY STOCK 

The following is a summary of the share activity within common stock issued and treasury stock for the years ended December 31: 

Common Stock

Treasury Stock

 ($ and shares in millions)

Value

Shares

Value

Shares

 Shares at December 31, 2004

$1,295

583

$1,414

26

 Shares acquired for treasury

-

-

1,746

38

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

-

-

(206)

(4)

 Restricted stock grants

-

-

(43)

(1)

 Shares issued in business combinations

11

5

(1,413)

(26)

 Retirement of shares

(11)

(5)

(219)

(5)

 Shares at December 31, 2005

$1,295

583

$1,279

28

 Shares acquired for treasury

-

-

82

2

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

-

-

(84)

(2)

 Restricted stock grants

-

-

(45)

(1)

 Shares at December 31, 2006

$1,295

583

$1,232

27

 Shares acquired for treasury

-

-

1,084

27

 Stock-based awards exercised, including treasury shares issued

-

-

(86)

(2)

 Restricted stock grants

-

-

(59)

(1)

 Employee stock ownership through benefit plans

-

-

38

1

 Shares at December 31, 2007

$1,295

583

$2,209

52

 The Bancorp’s stock repurchase program is an important element of its capital planning activities and the Bancorp views share repurchases as an effective means of delivering value to shareholders. On May 21,
2007, the Bancorp announced that its Board of Directors had authorized management to purchase an additional 30 million shares of the Bancorp’s common stock through the open market or in any private transaction. During 2007, the Bancorp
repurchased approximately 27 million shares of its common stock, five percent of total outstanding shares, in open market transactions for $1.1 billion. At December 31, 2007, approximately 19.2 million shares remain authorized for
repurchase. 

During 2006, the Bancorp repurchased approximately 2 million shares of its common stock, less than one
percent of total outstanding shares, in open market transactions for $82 million. 

On January 10, 2005, the Bancorp
executed an overnight share repurchase transaction with a counterparty for the acquisition of 35.5 million shares of its common stock at a purchase price of $45.95 per share, or $1.6 billion. Pursuant to the agreement with the counterparty, the
counterparty purchased 35.5 million shares in the open market over a period of time that was completed during the third quarter of 2005. In 

accordance with EITF Issue 99-7 “Accounting for an Accelerated Share Repurchase Program,” the share transaction was considered two separate
transactions, (i) the acquisition of treasury shares on the acquisition date and (ii) a forward contract indexed to the Bancorp’s stock. The treasury shares were accounted for at cost as a contra equity transaction. The forward
contract associated with the overnight share repurchase transaction was accounted for in accordance with EITF Issue 00-19, “Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to, and Potentially Settled in, a Company’s Own
Stock,” as an equity instrument. At the end of the purchase period, the Bancorp received a cash payment of $97 million for the purchase price adjustment based on the volume weighted average purchase price of $43.55. The payment received in
connection with the price adjustment was recorded as an addition to capital surplus. Additionally, for diluted earnings per share purposes, the Bancorp assumed the transaction would be net settled in shares as the Bancorp had the choice of settling
in cash or shares and the Bancorp did not have a stated policy or the ability to demonstrate a past practice of cash settlement. These incremental shares were subsequently excluded from quarterly earnings per share calculations, as the effect of
inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

19. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

 The Bancorp has historically
emphasized employee stock ownership. Based on total stock-based awards outstanding and shares remaining for future grants under the Incentive Compensation Plan, the Bancorp’s total overhang is approximately nine percent. The following table
provides 

detail of the number of shares to be issued upon exercise of outstanding stock-based awards and remaining shares available for future issuance under all of
the Bancorp’s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2007: 

 Plan Category (shares in thousands)

 Number of Shares to Be

Issued Upon Exercise

Weighted-AverageExercise Price

Shares Availablefor Future Issuance

 Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders:

7,321

(b)

 Stock options (a)

21,530

$50.61

(b)

 Stock appreciation rights (“SARs”)

(c)

(c)

(b)

 Restricted stock

3,395

(d)

(b)

 Performance units

(e)

(d)

(b)

 Performance-based restricted stock

124

(d)

(b)

 Employee stock purchase plan

1,280

(f)

 Deferred stock compensation plans

275

 Total shares

25,049

8,876

 (a)

 Excludes 2.1 million outstanding options awarded under plans assumed by the Bancorp in connection with certain mergers and acquisitions. The Bancorp has
not made any awards under these plans and will make no additional awards under these plans. The weighted-average exercise price of the outstanding options is $33.46 per share. 

 (b)

 Under the Incentive Compensation Plan, 20.0 million shares of stock were authorized for issuance as incentive and nonqualified stock options, SARs,
restricted stock and restricted stock units, and performance shares and restricted stock awards. 

 (c)

 At December 31, 2007, approximately 17.5 million SARs were outstanding at a weighted-average grant price of $41.81. The number of shares to be
issued upon exercise will be determined at vesting based on the difference between the grant price and the market price at the date of exercise. 

 (d)

 Not applicable. 

 (e)

 The number of shares to be issued is dependent upon the Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance targets and ranges from zero shares to approximately
290 thousand shares. 

 (f)

 Represents remaining shares of Fifth Third common stock under the Bancorp’s 1993 Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated, including an additional
1,500,000 shares approved by shareholders on March 28, 2006. 

76    Fifth Third Bancorp     

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Stock-based awards are eligible for issuance under the Bancorp’s Incentive Compensation Plan to key employees and directors of the Bancorp and its
subsidiaries. The Incentive Compensation Plan was approved by shareholders on March 23, 2004. The plan authorized the issuance of up to 20 million shares as equity compensation and provides for incentive and nonqualified stock options,
stock appreciation rights, restricted stock and restricted stock units, and performance share and restricted stock awards. All of the Bancorp’s stock-based awards are to be settled with stock with the exception of a portion of the performance
shares that are to be settled in cash. The Bancorp has historically used treasury stock to settle stock-based awards, when available. Stock options, issued at fair market value based on the closing price of the Bancorp’s common stock on the
date of grant, have up to ten-year terms and vest and become fully exercisable ratably over a three or four year period of continued employment. SARs, issued at fair market value based on the closing price of the Bancorp’s common stock on the
date of grant, have up to ten-year terms and vest and become exercisable either ratably or fully over a four year period of continued employment. The Bancorp does not grant discounted stock options or SARs, re-price previously granted stock options
or SARs, or grant reload stock options. Restricted stock grants vest either after four years or ratably after three, four and five years of continued employment and include dividend and voting rights. Performance share and performance restricted
stock awards have three-year cliff vesting terms with performance or market conditions as defined by the plan. 

As discussed
in Note 1, effective January 1, 2006, the Bancorp adopted SFAS No. 123(R) using the modified 

retrospective application basis in accounting for stock-based compensation plans. Under SFAS No. 123(R), the Bancorp recognizes compensation expense for
the grant-date fair value of stock-based compensation issued over its requisite service period. The grant-date fair value of stock options and SARs is measured using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Awards with a graded vesting are
expensed on a straight-line basis. 

The Bancorp uses the following assumptions, which are evaluated and revised as
necessary, in estimating the grant-date fair value of each option grant for the year ended: 

2007

2006

2005

 Expected option life (in years)

6

6

6

 Expected volatility

22%

23%

26%

 Expected dividend yield

4.4%

4.1%

3.5%

 Risk-free interest rate

4.6%

4.9%

4.3%

The expected option life is derived from historical exercise patterns and
represents the amount of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The expected volatility is based on a combination of historical and implied volatilities of the Bancorp’s common stock. The expected dividend yield is based on
annual dividends divided by the Bancorp’s stock price. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 

Stock-based compensation expense was $63 million, $76 million and $65 million for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. The total related income tax benefit recognized was $22 million, $23 million and $16 million for the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The following tables include a summary of stock-based compensation
transactions for the previous three fiscal years: 

2007

2006

2005

 Stock Options (shares in thousands)

Shares

 Weighted-Average

ExercisePrice

Shares

 Weighted-Average

ExercisePrice

Shares

 Weighted-Average

ExercisePrice

 Outstanding at January 1

26,900

$47.58

31,546

$46.49

36,162

$45.31

 Granted (a)

4

40.98

-

-

2,515

22.90

 Exercised

(2,068)

26.91

(1,931)

21.70

(4,830)

21.16

 Forfeited or expired

(1,191)

53.87

(2,715)

53.24

(2,301)

54.30

 Outstanding at December 31

23,645

$49.07

26,900

$47.58

31,546

$46.49

 Exercisable at December 31

23,628

$49.07

25,978

$47.43

29,364

$46.01

 (a)

 2005 stock options granted include 2,514 options assumed as part of the First National acquisition completed on January 1, 2006. These options were
granted under a First National plan assumed by the Bancorp. 

 The
weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted for the year ended 2007 was $7.39 per share. There were no stock options granted during 2006. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted for the year ended 2005 was $20.54
per share. 

The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $28 million, $32 million and $103 million in 2007, 2006 and
2005, respectively. Cash received from options exercised was $48 million, $35 million and $90 million in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively. The actual tax benefit realized from the exercised options was $7 million, $9 million and $28 million in
2007, 

2006 and 2005, respectively. The total grant-date fair value of stock options that vested during 2007, 2006 and 2005 was $16 million, $25 million and $78
million, respectively. As of December 31, 2007, the aggregate intrinsic value of both outstanding options and exercisable options was $4 million. 

At December 31, 2007, stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock options not yet recognized was immaterial. The expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of
approximately 0.3 years. 

2007

2006

2005

 Stock Appreciation Rights (shares in thousands)

Shares

 Weighted-Average

Grant Price

Shares

 Weighted-Average

Grant Price

Shares

 Weighted-Average

Grant Price

 Outstanding at January 1

13,053

$43.43

7,541

$47.51

3,529

$54.37

 Granted

6,613

38.45

6,949

39.18

4,892

42.82

 Exercised

(56)

39.36

-

-

-

-

 Forfeited or expired

(2,084)

41.36

(1,437)

44.31

(880)

48.88

 Outstanding at December 31

17,526

$41.81

13,053

$43.43

7,541

$47.51

 Exercisable at December 31

2,972

$41.45

989

$42.99

4

$54.37

 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of SARs granted was $6.24, $7.35 and $9.31 per share for the years ended 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. The total grant-date fair value of SARs that vested during 2007, 2006 and 2005 was $19 million, $10 million and less than $1 million, respectively. 

 At December 31, 2007, there
was $39 million of stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested SARs not yet recognized. The expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately 2.1 years. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    77 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2007

2006

2005

 Restricted Stock (shares in thousands)

Shares

Weighted-Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value

Shares

Weighted-Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value

Shares

Weighted-Average
Grant-Date
Fair Value

 Nonvested at January 1

2,380

$40.28

1,482

$46.16

596

$54.01

 Granted

1,622

38.19

1,265

38.93

1,086

42.31

 Vested

(39)

48.28

(24)

44.91

(29)

50.62

 Forfeited

(444)

40.95

(343)

40.76

(171)

48.19

 Nonvested at December 31

3,519

$40.80

2,380

$40.28

1,482

$46.16

The total grant-date fair value of restricted stock that vested during 2007, 2006 and 2005 was $1.9 million, $1.1 million and $1.2 million, respectively. At
December 31, 2007, there was $42 million of stock-based compensation expense related to nonvested restricted stock not yet recognized. The 

expense is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of approximately 3.0 years. 

The following table summarizes outstanding and exercisable stock options by exercise price at December 31, 2007: 

Outstanding Stock Options

Exercisable Stock Options

 Exercise Price

per Share

Number ofOptions at Year
End (000’s)

Weighted-Average
Exercise Price

Weighted-Average
Remaining
Contractual Life
(in years)

Number ofOptions at Year
End (000’s)

Weighted-Average
Exercise Price

Weighted-Average
Remaining
Contractual Life
(in years)

 Under $10.00

28

$7.46

3.17

28

$7.46

3.17

 $10.01-$25.00

629

19.49

2.33

629

19.49

2.33

 $25.01-$40.00

3,762

36.23

1.01

3,762

36.23

1.01

 $40.01-$55.00

14,672

48.30

3.00

14,664

48.29

3.00

 Over $55.00

4,554

66.52

4.29

4,545

66.54

4.29

 All stock options

23,645

$49.07

2.91

23,628

$49.07

2.91

 Approximately 132 thousand shares of performance-based awards were granted during 2007. These awards are payable in stock and cash
contingent upon the Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance targets over the three-year measurement period. These performance targets are based on the Bancorp’s performance relative to a defined peer group. The performance-based awards
were granted at a weighted-average grant-date fair value of $39.89 per share. 

Approximately 137 thousand
performance-based restricted shares were granted during 2007. These awards are payable in stock contingent upon the Bancorp achieving certain predefined performance targets over the one-year measurement period. These performance targets are based on
the Bancorp’s performance relative to a defined peer group. If performance targets are met, the shares are vested over a three-year period. The performance-based restricted shares were granted at a weighted-average grant-date fair value of
$38.27 per share. The performance condition related to the 2007 performance-based restricted shares was achieved. 

At
December 31, 2007, there were 8.1 million incentive options, 15.5 million non-qualified options, 17.5 million 

SARs, 3.5 million restricted stock awards outstanding, .3 million shares reserved for performance unit awards, .1 million restricted
performance stock awards and 7.3 million shares available for grant. Stock options, SARs and restricted stock outstanding represent approximately eight percent of the Bancorp’s issued shares at December 31, 2007. 

The Bancorp sponsors a Stock Purchase Plan that allows qualifying employees to purchase shares of the Bancorp’s common stock with a
15% match. During the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively, there were 333,039, 317,483, and 333,472 shares purchased by participants and the Bancorp recognized stock-based compensation expense of $2 million for each of
the years ended 2007, 2006 and 2005. 

The Bancorp has no specific policy to repurchase common shares to mitigate the
dilutive impact of shares related to stock-based compensation; however, the Bancorp has historically made adequate discretionary purchases based on cash availability, market trends and other factors, to satisfy exercise activity.

78    Fifth Third Bancorp     

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

20. OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME AND OTHER NONINTEREST EXPENSE 

The major components of other noninterest income and other noninterest expense for the years ended December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Other noninterest income:

 Bank owned life insurance

$(106)

86

91

 Cardholder fees

56

49

46

 Consumer loan and lease fees

46

47

50

 Insurance income

32

28

27

 Operating lease income

32

26

55

 Banking center fees

29

22

21

 Gain on loan sales

25

17

24

 Other

39

24

46

 Total

$153

299

360

 Other noninterest expense:

 Loan processing

$119

93

89

 Marketing

84

78

76

 Affordable housing investments

57

42

35

 Travel

54

52

54

 Postal and courier

52

49

50

 Intangible amortization

42

45

46

 Professional services fees

35

28

26

 Supplies

31

28

35

 Franchise and other taxes

23

30

37

 Operating lease

22

18

40

 Visa litigation expense

172

-

-

 Debt and other financing agreement termination

-

49

-

 Other

298

251

284

 Total

$989

763

772

21. INCOME TAXES 

The Bancorp and its subsidiaries file a consolidated Federal income tax return. The following is a summary of applicable income taxes included in the Consolidated Statements of Income at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Current income tax expense:

 U.S. income taxes

$623

457

654

 State and local income taxes

16

7

21

 Total current tax expense

639

464

675

 Deferred income tax expense:

 U.S. income taxes

(197)

(24)

(7)

 State and local income taxes

19

3

(9)

 Total deferred tax expense

(178)

(21)

(16)

 Applicable income tax expense

$461

$443

659

A reconciliation between the statutory U.S. income tax rate and the Bancorp’s effective tax
rate for the years ended December 31: 

2007

2006

2005

 Statutory tax rate

35.0%

35.0

35.0

 Increase (decrease) resulting from:

 State taxes, net of federal benefit

1.5

.4

.4

 Tax-exempt income

1.4

(2.8)

(2.3)

 Credits

(5.0)

(3.9)

(2.3)

 Dividends on subsidiary preferred stock

(2.5)

(2.2)

(1.7)

 Other, net

(.4)

.7

.8

 Effective tax rate

30.0%

27.2

29.9

 Tax-exempt income in the rate reconciliation above includes interest on municipal bonds, interest on tax-exempt lending, and income/charges on life insurance policies held by the Bancorp. The
effective tax rate was adversely impacted in 2007 by a $177 million charge to certain life insurance policies held by the Bancorp. See Note 11 for a further discussion of those charges. 

The statute of limitations for federal income tax returns remains open for tax years 2004 through 2007. In addition, limited federal
statute extensions are in place for tax years 1997 through 2003, primarily for leasing uncertainties. With the exception of the state impact of the federal items discussed above as well as a few states with insignificant uncertain liabilities, the
statutes of limitations for state income tax returns remain open for tax years 2004 through 2007. 

As of January 1,
2007, the Bancorp adopted FIN 48. Upon adoption of this Interpretation on January 1, 2007, the Bancorp recognized an after-tax adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $2 million representing the cumulative 

effect of applying the provisions of this Interpretation. At January 1, 2007 and at December 31, 2007, the Bancorp had unrecognized tax benefits of
$446 million and $469 million, respectively. Those balances included $99 million and $100 million of tax positions that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate and $7 million and $6 million in tax positions that would impact goodwill.
The remaining $340 million and $363 million is related to tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of the deductions. A significant portion of these tax positions relate
to the leveraged lease litigation discussed below and in Note 15. 

Any interest and penalties incurred in connection with
income taxes are recorded as a component of tax expense. For the year ended December 31, 2007, the Bancorp accrued interest, net of the related tax benefit, of $2 million and, at December 31, 2007, had accrued interest liabilities of $67
million, net of the 

Fifth Third Bancorp    79 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

related tax benefits. No liabilities were recorded for penalties. 

Included in other assets at December 31, 2007 is a deposit of $386 million that the Bancorp made under Internal Revenue Code section 6603 for taxes associated with the leveraged lease
portfolio. 

Currently, the Internal Revenue Service is examining the Bancorp’s income tax returns for the 2004 and 2005
years. While fieldwork is expected to be completed during 2008, it is unlikely that all issues will be resolved by year end. 

The Bancorp has filed suit in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio in a dispute with the Internal Revenue Service concerning the timing of deductions associated with certain leveraged lease transactions in its
1997 tax return. A jury trial is scheduled for March 2008. The Internal Revenue Service has also proposed adjustments to the leveraged lease transactions in subsequent tax return years. The proposed adjustments relate to the Bancorp’s portfolio
of 

leveraged leases, with both domestic and foreign municipalities. The Bancorp expects a trial court decision during 2008. Notwithstanding the trial court
decision, it is anticipated that the losing party will appeal the decision to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. It is unlikely that the Appeals Court decision will be rendered during 2008. While the Bancorp is not expecting the litigation to be
resolved during 2008, the trial court decision, together with rulings from other court jurisdictions where other leveraged lease cases are pending, may cause the Bancorp to reevaluate its position and associated unrecognized tax benefits during
2008. An estimate of the range of reasonably possible changes to the unrecognized tax benefits cannot be made at this time. 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of the Bancorp’s unrecognized tax benefits. 

 ($ in millions)

2007

 Unrecognized tax benefits at January 1

$446

 Gross increases for tax positions taken during prior period

-

 Gross decreases for tax positions taken during prior period

-

 Gross increases for tax positions taken during current period

47

 Settlements with taxing authorities

(4)

 Lapse of applicable statute of limitations

(20)

 Unrecognized tax benefits at
December 31

$469

Deferred income taxes are included as a component of accrued taxes, interest and expenses in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets and are comprised of the following temporary differences at December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Deferred tax assets:

 Allowance for credit losses

$328

270

 Deferred compensation

174

160

 Other comprehensive income

68

98

 State net operating losses

72

112

 Other

221

117

 Total deferred tax assets

863

757

 Deferred tax liabilities:

 Lease financing

1,344

1,750

 State deferred taxes

149

189

 Bank premises and equipment

75

70

 Mortgage servicing rights

160

124

 Other

154

173

 Total deferred tax liabilities

1,882

2,306

 Total net deferred tax liability

$1,019

1,549

 Retained earnings at December 31, 2007 included $157 million in allocations of earnings for bad debt deductions of former thrift
subsidiaries for which no income tax has been provided. Under current tax law, if certain of the Bancorp’s 

subsidiaries use these bad debt reserves for purposes other than to absorb bad debt losses, they will be subject to Federal income tax at the current
corporate tax rate. 

80    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

22. RETIREMENT AND BENEFIT PLANS 

 The Bancorp implemented SFAS
No. 158, “Employers’ Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans – an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R)” at December 31, 2006. SFAS No. 158 requires the funded
status of pension plans to be recorded in the balance sheet as an asset for plans with an overfunded status and a liability for plans with an underfunded status. The Bancorp recognized the overfunded and underfunded status of its pension plans as an
asset and liability, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2007 and 2006. 

Overfunded and
underfunded amounts recognized in other assets and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the defined benefit retirement plans as of December 31 consist of: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Prepaid benefit cost

$37

39

 Accrued benefit liability

(36)

(37)

 Net overfunded status

$1

2

The following tables summarize the defined benefit retirement plans as of and for the years ended
December 31: 

Plans With an Overfunded Status 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Fair value of plan assets at January 1

$252

238

 Actual return on assets

12

26

 Contributions

-

15

 Settlement

(20)

(20)

 Benefits paid

(7)

(7)

 Fair value of plan assets at
December 31

$237

252

 Projected benefit obligation at January 1

$213

220

 Service cost

-

1

 Interest cost

12

12

 Settlement

(20)

(20)

 Actuarial loss

2

7

 Benefits paid

(7)

(7)

 Projected benefit obligation at
December 31

$200

213

 Overfunded projected benefit obligation recognized in
the Consolidated Balance Sheets as an asset

$37

39

Plans With an Underfunded Status 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Fair value of plan assets at January 1

$-

-

 Contributions

3

3

 Benefits paid

(3)

(3)

 Fair value of plan assets at
December 31

$-

-

 Projected benefit obligation at January 1

$37

38

 Service cost

-

1

 Interest cost

2

-

 Actuarial loss

-

1

 Benefits paid

(3)

(3)

 Projected benefit obligation at December 31

$36

37

 Unfunded projected benefit obligation recognized in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets as a liability

($36)

(37)

The following tables summarize net periodic benefit cost and other changes in plan assets and
benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income for the years ended December 31: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

2005

 Components of net periodic benefit cost:

 Service cost

$-

1

1

 Interest cost

14

13

14

 Expected return on assets

(19)

(19)

(18)

 Amortization of actuarial loss

7

9

8

 Amortization of net prior service cost

1

1

-

 Settlement

7

8

9

 Net periodic benefit cost

$10

13

14

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income:

 Net actuarial loss

$10

89

 Net prior service cost

-

3

 Amortization of actuarial loss

(7)

9

 Amortization of prior service cost

(1)

1

 Settlements

(7)

-

 Total recognized in other comprehensive
income

(5)

92

 Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income
(a)

$5

102

 (a)

 Disclosure was not required for the year ended 2005 as SFAS No. 158 was not effective until December 31, 2006. 

The estimated net actuarial loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension plans that will be amortized from accumulated
other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost during 2008 are $6 million and $1 million, respectively. 

The plan
assumptions are evaluated annually and are updated as necessary. The discount rate assumption reflects the yield on a portfolio of high quality fixed-income instruments that have a similar duration to the plan’s liabilities. The expected
long-term rate of return assumption reflects the average return expected on the assets invested to provide for the plan’s liabilities. In determining the expected long-term rate of return, the Bancorp evaluated actuarial and economic inputs,
including long-term inflation rate assumptions and broad equity and bond indices long-term return projections, as well as actual long-term historical plan performance. 

The following table summarizes the plan assumptions for the years ended December 31: 

 Weighted-average assumptions

2007

2006

2005

 For measuring benefit obligations at year end:

 Discount rate

6.26%

5.80

5.375

 Rate of compensation increase

5.00

5.00

5.00

 Expected return on plan assets

8.52

8.50

8.45

 For measuring net periodic benefit cost:

 Discount rate

5.80

5.375

5.65-5.85

 Rate of compensation increase

5.00

5.00

5.00

 Expected return on plan assets

8.50

8.45

8.00

The Bancorp’s qualified defined benefit plan is currently overfunded. This
plan’s benefits were frozen in 1998, except for grandfathered employees. The Bancorp’s retirement plans with an underfunded status consist of nonqualified, supplemental retirement plans, which are funded on an as needed basis. A majority
of these plans were obtained in acquisitions from prior years. 

Lowering both the expected rate of return on the plan and
the discount rate by 0.25% would have increased the 2007 pension expense by approximately $1 million. 

Plan assets consist
primarily of common trust and mutual funds (equities and fixed income) and Bancorp common stock. As of December 31, 2007 and 2006, $153 million and $156 million, respectively, of plan assets were managed by Fifth Third Bank, a subsidiary of the
Bancorp, through common trust and mutual funds and included $9 million and $15 million, respectively, of Bancorp common stock. Plan assets are not expected to be returned to the Bancorp during 2008. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    81 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Bancorp’s policy for the investment of plan assets is to employ investment strategies that achieve a range of weighted-average target asset
allocations relating to equity securities (including the Bancorp’s common stock), fixed income securities and cash. The following table provides the Bancorp’s targeted and actual weighted-average asset allocations by asset category for
2007 and 2006: 

 Weighted-average asset allocation

Targetedrange

2007

2006

 Equity securities

71%

69

 Bancorp common stock

5

6

 Total equity securities

70 –80%

76

75

 Total fixed income securities

20 –25

20

20

 Cash

0 – 5

4

5

 Total

100%

100

The risk tolerance for the plan is determined by management to be moderate to
aggressive, recognizing that higher returns involve some volatility and that periodic declines in the portfolio’s value are tolerated in an effort to achieve real capital growth. Prohibited asset classes of the plan include precious metals,
venture capital, short sales and leveraged transactions. Per the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”), the Bancorp’s common stock cannot exceed ten percent of the fair market value of plan assets. 

The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit plans was $235 million and $249 million at December 31, 2007 and December 31, 2006,
respectively. At December 31, 2007 and 2006, amounts relating to the Bancorp’s defined benefit plans with benefit obligations exceeding assets were as follows: 

 ($ in millions)

2007

2006

 Projected benefit obligation

$36

37

 Accumulated benefit obligation

36

38

 Fair value of plan assets

-

-

Based on actuarial assumptions, the Bancorp does not expect to contribute to the
plan in 2008. Estimated pension benefit payments, which reflect expected future service, are $20 million in 2008, $21 million in 2009, $20 million in 2010, $19 million in 2011 and $19 million in 2012. The total estimated payments for the years 2013
through 2017 is $83 million. 

The Bancorp’s profit sharing plan expense was $52 million for 2007, $60 million for 2006
and $62 million for 2005. Expenses recognized during the years ended December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005 for matching contributions to the Bancorp’s defined contribution savings plans were $37 million, $35 million and $33 million,
respectively. 

23. EARNINGS PER SHARE 

The calculation of earnings per share and the reconciliation of earnings per share to earnings per diluted share for the years ended December 31: 

2007

2006

2005

 (in millions, except per share data)

Income

AverageShares

PerShare
Amount

Income

AverageShares

PerShare
Amount

Income

AverageShares

PerShare
Amount

 Earnings per share:

 Net income before cumulative effect

$1,076

$1,184

$1,549

 Net income available to common shareholders before cumulative effect (a)

1,075

538

$2.00

1,184

555

$2.13

1,548

554

$2.79

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

-

-

4

-

.01

-

-

-

 Net income available to common shareholders (a)

$1,075

538

$2.00

$1,188

555

$2.14

$1,548

554

$2.79

 Earnings per diluted share:

 Net income available to common shareholders before cumulative effect

$1,075

538

$2.00

$1,184

555

$2.13

$1,548

554

$2.79

 Effect of dilutive securities:

 Stock based awards

2

(.01)

2

(.01)

4

(.02)

 Convertible preferred stock (b)

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

 Income plus assumed conversions before cumulative effect

1,076

540

$1.99

1,184

557

$2.12

1,549

558

$2.77

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax

-

-

-

4

-

.01

-

-

-

 Net income available to common shareholders plus assumed conversions

$1,076

540

$1.99

$1,188

557

$2.13

$1,549

558

$2.77

 (a)

 Dividends on preferred stock are $.740 million for all periods presented. 

 (b)

 The additive effect to income from dividends on convertible preferred stock is $.580 million and the average share dilutive effect from convertible preferred
stock is .308 million shares for all periods presented. 

 During the first
quarter of 2006, the Bancorp recognized a benefit for the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of $4 million, net of $2 million of tax, related to the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R). The benefit recognized relates to the
Bancorp’s estimate of forfeiture experience to be realized for all unvested stock-based awards outstanding. 

At
December 31, 2007, 2006 and 2005, there were 36.2 million, 33.1 million and 28.1 million shares outstanding, 

respectively, that were not included in the computation of net income per diluted share. The outstanding shares consist of options, stock appreciation rights
and restricted stock that have not yet been exercised. These shares are excluded from the computation of net income per diluted shares because the exercise price of the shares was greater than the average market price of the common shares and,
therefore, the effect would be antidilutive. 

82    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

24. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

Carrying amounts and estimated fair values for financial instruments as of December 31: 

2007

2006

 ($ in millions)

 Carrying

Amount

FairValue

 Carrying

Amount

FairValue

 Financial assets:

 Cash and due from banks

$2,687

2,687

2,737

2,737

 Available-for-sale and other securities

10,677

10,677

11,053

11,053

 Held-to-maturity securities

355

355

356

356

 Trading securities

171

171

187

187

 Other short-term investments

593

593

809

809

 Loans held for sale

4,329

4,371

1,150

1,152

 Portfolio loans and leases, net

79,316

79,600

73,582

73,660

 Derivative assets

939

939

309

309

 Financial liabilities:

 Deposits

75,445

75,378

69,380

69,371

 Federal funds purchased

4,427

4,427

1,421

1,421

 Other short-term borrowings

4,747

4,747

2,796

2,796

 Long-term debt

12,857

13,298

12,558

12,762

 Derivative liabilities

715

715

369

369

 Short positions

35

35

29

29

 Other financial instruments:

 Commitments to extend credit

94

94

75

75

 Letters of credit

26

26

23

23

 Fair values for financial instruments, which were based on various assumptions and estimates as of a specific point in time, represent
liquidation values and may vary significantly from amounts that will be realized in actual transactions. In addition, certain non-financial instruments were excluded from the fair value disclosure requirements. Therefore, the fair values presented
in the table above should not be construed as the underlying value to the Bancorp. 

The following methods and assumptions
were used in determining the fair value of selected financial instruments: 

Short-term financial assets and liabilities: For
financial instruments with a short-term or no stated maturity, prevailing market rates and limited credit risk, carrying amounts approximate fair value. Those financial instruments include cash and due from banks, other short-term investments,
certain deposits (demand, interest checking, savings, money market and foreign office deposits), federal funds purchased and other short-term borrowings. 

Available-for-sale, held-to-maturity, trading and other securities, including short positions: In general, fair values were based on quoted market prices, if available. If a quoted market price is not
available, fair value is estimated using quoted market prices for similar securities. 

Loans held for sale: The fair value of loans
held for sale was estimated based on outstanding commitments from investors, observable market prices of similar instruments, or if a market 

price is not available, a discounted cash flow calculation using appropriate market rates for similar instruments. 

Portfolio loans and leases, net: Fair values were estimated by discounting future cash flows using the current rates as similar loans would be made
to borrowers for the same remaining maturities. 

Derivative assets and derivative liabilities: Fair values were based on the
estimated amount the Bancorp would receive or pay to terminate the derivative contracts, taking into account the current interest rates and the creditworthiness of the counterparties. The fair values represent an asset or liability at
December 31, 2007 and 2006. 

Deposits: Fair values for other time deposits and certificates of deposit $100,000 and over were
estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applied prevailing LIBOR/Swap interest rates for the same maturities. 

Long-term
debt: Fair value of long-term debt was based on quoted market prices, when available, or a discounted cash flow calculation using prevailing market rates for borrowings of similar terms. 

Commitments to extend credit: Fair values of loan commitments were based on estimated probable credit losses. 

Letters of credit: Fair values of letters of credit were based on unamortized fees on the letters of credit. 

Fifth Third Bancorp    83 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

25. CERTAIN REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AND CAPITAL RATIOS 

 The principal source of income
and funds for the Bancorp (parent company) are dividends from its subsidiaries. During 2007, the amount of dividends the bank subsidiaries could pay to the Bancorp without prior approval of regulatory agencies was limited to their 2007 eligible net
profits, as defined, and the adjusted retained 2006 and 2005 net income of those subsidiaries. 

The Bancorp’s
subsidiary banks must maintain cash reserve balances when total reservable deposit liabilities are greater than the regulatory exemption. These reserve requirements may be satisfied with vault cash and noninterest-bearing cash balances on reserve
with a Federal Reserve Bank. In 2007 and 2006, the subsidiary banks were required to maintain average cash reserve balances of $330 million and $289 million, respectively. 

The FRB adopted guidelines pursuant to which it assesses the adequacy of capital in examining and supervising a bank holding company and in analyzing applications to it under the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended. These guidelines include quantitative measures that assign risk weightings to assets and off-balance sheet items, as well as define and set minimum regulatory capital requirements. All bank holding companies are
required to maintain core capital (Tier I) of at least 4% of risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items (Tier I capital ratio), total capital of at least 8% of risk-weighted assets and off-balance sheet items (Total risk-based capital ratio)
and Tier I capital of at least 3% of adjusted quarterly average assets (Tier I leverage ratio). Failure to meet the minimum capital requirements can initiate certain actions by regulators that could have a direct material effect on the Consolidated
Financial Statements of the Bancorp. 

Tier I capital consists principally of shareholders’ equity including Tier I
qualifying subordinated debt and junior subordinated debt but excluding unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities and unrecognized pension actuarial gains and losses and prior service cost, less goodwill and certain other
intangibles. Tier II capital consists principally of perpetual and trust preferred stock that is not eligible to be included as Tier I capital, term subordinated debt, intermediate-term preferred stock and, subject to 

limitations, general allowances for loan and lease losses. Assets are adjusted under the risk-based guidelines to take into account different risk
characteristics. Average assets for this purpose does not include goodwill and any other intangible assets and investments that the FRB determines should be deducted from Tier I capital. 

Both the FRB and the Office of Comptroller of the Currency (“OCC”) have issued regulations regarding the capital adequacy of
subsidiary banks. These requirements are substantially similar to those adopted by the FRB regarding bank holding companies, as described above. In addition, the federal banking agencies have issued substantially similar regulations to implement the
system of prompt corrective action established by Section 38 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. Under the regulations, a bank generally shall be deemed to be well-capitalized if it has a Total risk-based capital ratio of 10% or more, a Tier
I capital ratio of 6% or more, a Tier I leverage ratio of 5% or more and is not subject to any written capital order or directive. If an institution becomes undercapitalized, it would become subject to significant additional oversight, regulations
and requirements as mandated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. The Bancorp and each of its subsidiary banks had Tier I, Total risk-based capital and Tier I leverage ratios above the well-capitalized levels at December 31, 2007 and 2006. As
of December 31, 2007, the most recent notification from the FRB categorized the Bancorp and each of its subsidiary banks as well-capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To continue to qualify for financial
holding company status pursuant to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999, the Bancorp’s subsidiary banks must, among other things, maintain “well-capitalized” capital ratios. 

U.S. bank regulatory authorities and international bank supervisory organizations, principally the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision,
are currently considering changes to the risk-based capital adequacy framework for banks, including emphasis on credit, market and operational risk components, which ultimately could affect the appropriate capital guidelines for bank holding
companies such as the Bancorp. 

Capital and
risk-based capital and leverage ratios for the Bancorp and its significant subsidiary banks at December 31: 

2007

2006

 ($ in millions)

Amount

Ratio

Amount

Ratio

 Total risk-based capital (to risk-weighted assets):

 Fifth Third Bancorp (Consolidated)

$

11,733

10.16

%

$

11,385

11.07

%

 Fifth Third Bank (Ohio)

6,058

10.39

6,573

12.82

 Fifth Third Bank (Michigan)

5,787

10.13

5,814

11.41

 Fifth Third Bank, N.A.

519

21.76

216

11.78

 Tier I capital (to risk-weighted assets):

 Fifth Third Bancorp (Consolidated)

8,924

7.72

8,625

8.39

 Fifth Third Bank (Ohio)

4,744

8.13

5,336

10.41

 Fifth Third Bank (Michigan)

5,191

9.09

5,341

10.48

 Fifth Third Bank, N.A.

503

21.07

203

11.07

 Tier I leverage (to average assets):

 Fifth Third Bancorp (Consolidated)

8,924

8.50

8,625

8.44

 Fifth Third Bank (Ohio)

4,744

8.11

5,336

9.53

 Fifth Third Bank (Michigan)

5,191

10.55

5,341

11.30

 Fifth Third Bank, N.A.

503

25.59

203

12.52

84    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

26. PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ($ in millions) 

 Condensed Statements of Income (Parent Company Only)

 For the years ended December 31

2007

2006

2005

 Income

 Dividends from subsidiaries

$900

605

1,270

 Interest on loans to subsidiaries

75

46

32

 Other

9

2

1

 Total income

984

653

1,303

 Expenses

 Interest

162

120

77

 Other

80

22

23

 Total expenses

242

142

100

 Income Before Income Taxes and Change in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries

742

511

1,203

 Applicable income taxes

(58)

(35)

(25)

 Income Before Change in Undistributed Earnings of Subsidiaries

800

546

1,228

 Increase in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

276

642

321

 Net Income

$1,076

1,188

1,549

 Condensed Balance Sheets (Parent Company Only)

 As of December 31

2007

2006

 Assets

 Cash

$1,200

909

 Loans to subsidiaries

1,201

636

 Investment in subsidiaries

11,991

11,735

 Goodwill

137

137

 Other assets

188

37

 Total Assets

$14,717

13,454

 Liabilities

 Commercial paper

$4

7

 Accrued expenses and other liabilities

320

259

 Long-term debt

5,232

3,166

 Total Liabilities

5,556

3,432

 Shareholders’ Equity

9,161

10,022

 Total Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity

$14,717

13,454

 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Parent Company Only)

 For the years ended December 31

2007

2006

2005

 Operating Activities

 Net income

$1,076

1,188

1,549

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

 (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes

(7)

1

(1)

 Increase in other assets

(98)

(1)

(4)

 Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses and other liabilities

132

17

(29)

 Increase in undistributed earnings of subsidiaries

(276)

(642)

(321)

 Other, net

46

(14)

1

 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities

873

549

1,195

 Investing Activities

 Capital contribution to subsidiaries

-

(25)

-

 Decrease in held-to-maturity and available-for-sale securities

6

-

-

 (Increase) decrease in loans to subsidiaries

(565)

(107)

1,811

 Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities

(559)

(132)

1,811

 Financing Activities

 Increase (decrease) in other short-term borrowings

13

5

(26)

 Repayment of long-term debt

(209)

(13)

-

 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

2,135

748

-

 Payment of cash dividends

(898)

(867)

(794)

 Exercise of stock-based awards

50

43

96

 Purchases of treasury stock

(1,084)

(82)

(1,649)

 Other, net

(30)

(8)

-

 Net Cash Used in Financing Activities

(23)

(174)

(2,373)

 Increase in Cash

291

243

633

 Cash at Beginning of Year

909

666

33

 Cash at End of Year

$1,200

909

666

Fifth Third Bancorp    85 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

27. SEGMENTS 

 The Bancorp’s principal activities include Commercial Banking, Branch Banking, Consumer Lending, Investment Advisors and Processing Solutions. Commercial Banking offers banking, cash management and financial
services to large and middle-market businesses, government and professional customers. Branch Banking provides a full range of deposit and loans and lease products to individuals and small businesses through retail locations. Consumer Lending
includes the Bancorp’s mortgage, home equity and other indirect lending activities. Investment Advisors provides a full range of investment alternatives for individuals, companies and not-for-profit organizations. Processing Solutions provides
electronic funds transfer, debit, credit and merchant transaction processing, operates the Jeanie®
 ATM network and provides other data processing services to affiliated and unaffiliated
customers. The General Corporate and Other column includes the unallocated portion of the investment portfolio, certain non-deposit funding, unassigned equity and certain support activities and other items not attributed to the business segments.

Results of the Bancorp’s business segments are presented based on its management structure and management accounting
practices. The structure and accounting practices are specific to the Bancorp; therefore, the financial results of the Bancorp’s business segments are not necessarily comparable with similar information for other financial institutions. The
Bancorp refines its methodologies from time to time as management accounting practices are improved and businesses change. During 2007, the Bancorp changed the reporting of Processing Solutions to include certain revenues and expenses related to
credit card processing that were previously listed under the Commercial and Branch Banking segments. Revisions to the Bancorp’s methodologies are applied on a retroactive basis. 

The Bancorp manages interest rate risk centrally at the corporate level by employing a funds transfer pricing (“FTP”)
methodology. This methodology insulates the business segments from interest rate volatility, enabling them to focus 

 on serving customers through loan originations and deposit taking. The FTP system assigns charge rates and credit rates to classes of assets and
liabilities, respectively, based on expected duration and the Treasury swap curve. Matching duration, or the expected average term until an instrument can be repriced, allocates interest income and interest expense to each segment so its resulting
net interest income is insulated from interest rate risk. In a rising rate environment, the Bancorp benefits from the widening spread between deposit costs and wholesale funding costs. However, the Bancorp’s FTP system credits this benefit to
deposit-providing businesses, such as Branch Banking and Investment Advisors, on a duration-adjusted basis. The net impact of the FTP methodology is captured in General Corporate and Other. 

Management made several changes to the FTP methodology in 2007 to more appropriately calculate FTP charges and credits to each of the
Bancorp’s business segments. Changes to the FTP methodology were applied retroactively and included adding a liquidity premium to loans, deposits and certificates of deposit to properly reflect the Bancorp’s marginal cost of longer term
funding. In addition, an FTP charge on fixed assets based on the average 5 year Treasury curve was added to the new FTP methodology. 

The business segments are charged provision expense based on the actual net charge-offs experienced by the loans owned by each segment. Provision expense attributable to loan growth and change in factors in the allowance for loan and lease
losses are captured in General Corporate and Other. The financial results of the business segments include allocations for shared services and headquarters expenses. Even with these allocations, the financial results are not necessarily indicative
of the business segments’ financial condition and results of operations as if they were to exist as independent entities. Additionally, the business segments form synergies by taking advantage of cross-sell opportunities and when funding
operations by accessing the capital markets as a collective unit. Results of operations and average assets by segment for each of the three years ended December 31 are: 

 ($ in millions)

 Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

 Investment

Advisors

ProcessingSolutions

GeneralCorporate

Eliminations

Total

 2007

 Net interest income (a)

$1,310

1,465

404

154

(6)

(294)

-

3,033

 Provision for loan and lease losses

127

162

148

13

11

167

-

628

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses

1,183

1,303

256

141

(17)

(461)

-

2,405

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

(6)

174

-

1

699

1

(43)

(b)

826

 Service charges on deposits

154

421

-

7

(1)

(2)

-

579

 Investment advisory revenue

3

90

-

386

-

(5)

(92)

(c)

382

 Corporate banking revenue

341

13

-

10

3

-

-

367

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

7

122

2

-

2

-

133

 Other noninterest income

66

74

69

2

41

(99)

-

153

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

6

-

-

21

-

27

 Total noninterest income

558

779

197

408

742

(82)

(135)

2,467

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, wages and incentives

220

382

56

140

62

379

-

1,239

 Employee benefits

44

101

28

27

13

65

-

278

 Payment processing expense

-

6

-

-

237

1

-

244

 Net occupancy expense

15

136

8

10

4

96

-

269

 Technology and communications

4

14

2

2

31

116

-

169

 Equipment expense

3

37

1

1

4

77

-

123

 Other noninterest expense

507

447

158

215

137

(340)

(135)

989

 Total noninterest expense

793

1,123

253

395

488

394

(135)

3,311

 Income before income taxes

948

959

200

154

237

(937)

-

1,561

 Applicable income taxes (a)

246

338

70

54

84

(307)

-

485

 Net income

$702

621

130

100

153

(630)

-

1,076

 Average assets

$38,796

45,054

23,728

5,923

1,068

(12,092)

-

102,477

 (a)

 Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $24 million. 

 (b)

 Electronic payment processing service revenues provided to the banking segments are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

 (c)

 Revenue sharing agreements between Investment Advisors and Branch Banking are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

86    Fifth Third Bancorp 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ($ in millions)

 Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

 Investment

Advisors

ProcessingSolutions

GeneralCorporate

Eliminations

Total

 2006

 Net interest income (a)

$1,317

1,300

409

139

(3)

(263)

-

2,899

 Provision for loan and lease losses

99

108

94

4

9

29

-

343

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses

1,218

1,192

315

135

(12)

(292)

-

2,556

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

(5)

159

-

1

601

(1)

(38)

(b)

717

 Service charges on deposits

146

365

-

7

(1)

-

-

517

 Investment advisory revenue

3

87

-

367

-

(3)

(87)

(c)

367

 Corporate banking revenue

292

15

-

7

1

3

-

318

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

5

148

2

-

-

-

155

 Other noninterest income

40

80

78

2

35

64

-

299

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

-

-

(1)

(363)

-

(364)

 Securities gains, net – non qualifying hedges on mortgage servicing rights

-

-

3

-

-

-

-

3

 Total noninterest income

476

711

229

386

635

(300)

(125)

2,012

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, wages and incentives

200

357

66

143

57

351

-

1,174

 Employee benefits

44

100

32

29

13

74

-

292

 Payment processing expense

-

15

-

-

169

-

-

184

 Net occupancy expense

14

121

8

10

3

89

-

245

 Technology and communications

-

13

2

2

32

92

-

141

 Equipment expense

2

32

1

1

4

76

-

116

 Other noninterest expense

467

397

158

196

132

(462)

(125)

763

 Total noninterest expense

727

1,035

267

381

410

220

(125)

2,915

 Income before income taxes and cumulative effect

967

868

277

140

213

(812)

-

1,653

 Applicable income taxes (a)

274

306

98

49

75

(333)

-

469

 Income before cumulative effect

693

562

179

91

138

(479)

-

1,184

 Cumulative effect of change in accounting

principle, net of tax

-

-

-

-

-

4

-

4

 Net income

$693

562

179

91

138

(475)

-

1,188

 Average assets

$35,134

43,428

22,154

5,500

586

(1,563)

-

105,238

 (a)

 Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $26 million. 

 (b)

 Electronic payment processing service revenues provided to the banking segments are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

 (c)

 Revenue sharing agreements between Investment Advisors and Branch Banking are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

 ($ in millions)

 Commercial

Banking

 Branch

Banking

 Consumer

Lending

 Investment

Advisors

ProcessingSolutions

GeneralCorporate

Eliminations

Total

 2005

 Net interest income (a)

$1,177

1,210

424

122

(9)

72

-

2,996

 Provision for loan and lease losses

90

97

89

4

18

32

-

330

 Net interest income after provision for loan and lease losses

1,087

1,113

335

118

(27)

40

-

2,666

 Noninterest income:

 Electronic payment processing

-

143

-

1

517

(4)

(35)

(b)

622

 Service charges on deposits

149

368

-

7

(1)

(1)

-

522

 Investment advisory revenue

3

86

-

360

-

(5)

(86)

(c)

358

 Corporate banking revenue

276

19

-

2

1

1

-

299

 Mortgage banking net revenue

-

5

165

2

-

2

-

174

 Other noninterest income

30

67

124

5

41

93

-

360

 Securities gains (losses), net

-

-

-

-

-

39

-

39

 Total noninterest income

458

688

289

377

558

125

(121)

2,374

 Noninterest expense:

 Salaries, wages and incentives

201

362

59

140

44

327

-

1,133

 Employee benefits

46

104

30

29

9

65

-

283

 Payment processing expense

-

17

-

-

127

1

-

145

 Net occupancy expense

12

110

6

8

3

82

-

221

 Technology and communications

3

13

1

2

31

92

-

142

 Equipment expense

1

28

1

1

3

71

-

105

 Other noninterest expense

434

371

214

203

125

(454)

(121)

772

 Total noninterest expense

697

1,005

311

383

342

184

(121)

2,801

 Income before income taxes

848

796

313

112

189

(19)

-

2,239

 Applicable income taxes (a)

248

281

110

40

66

(55)

-

690

 Net income

$600

515

203

72

123

36

-

1,549

 Average assets

$31,062

41,139

20,627

4,568

502

4,978

-

102,876

 (a)

 Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments of $31 million. 

 (b)

 Electronic payment processing service revenues provided to the banking segments are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

 (c)

 Revenue sharing agreements between Investment Advisors and Branch Banking are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Fifth Third Bancorp    87 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2007 

Commission file number 0-8076

FIFTH THIRD BANCORP Incorporated in the State of Ohio I.R.S. Employer Identification #31-0854434 Address: 38 Fountain Square Plaza
Cincinnati, Ohio 45263 Telephone: (513) 534-5300 

 Securities registered pursuant toSection 12(b) of the Act:

 Name of exchange on whichregistered:

 Common Stock , Without

 The NASDAQ Stock

 Par Value

 Market LLC

 7.25% Trust Preferred Securities of Fifth Third Capital Trust V

 New York Stock Exchange

 7.25% Trust Preferred Securities of Fifth Third Capital Trust VI

 New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by checkmark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act. Yes: x No: 
¨ 

Indicate by checkmark if the
registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes: ¨ No: 
x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes: x No: 
¨

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K(§229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. x 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a
non-accelerated filer. See definition of “accelerated filer and large accelerated filer” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer: x 

Accelerated filer: ¨ 

Non-accelerated filer: ¨ 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes: ¨ No: 
x 

There were 532,798,583 shares of the Bancorp’s Common Stock, without par value, outstanding as of January 31, 2008. The Aggregate Market Value
of the Voting Stock held by non-affiliates of the Bancorp was $18,284,408,149 as of June 30, 2007. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY
REFERENCE 

This report incorporates into a single document the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)
with respect to annual reports on Form 10-K and annual reports to shareholders. The Bancorp’s Proxy 

 Statement for the 2008 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

Only those sections of this 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders that are specified in this Cross Reference Index constitute part of the Registrant’s
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007. No other information contained in this 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders shall be deemed to constitute any part of this Form 10-K nor shall any such information be incorporated into the Form 10-K
and shall not be deemed “filed” as part of the Registrant’s Form 10-K. 

10-K Cross Reference Index 

 PART I

 Item 1.

 Business

19-20, 89-92

 Employees

30

 Segment Information

31-34, 86-87

 Average Balance Sheets

26

 Analysis of Net Interest Income and Net Interest Income Changes

25-27

 Investment Securities Portfolio

36-37, 62-63

 Loan and Lease Portfolio

36, 63

 Risk Elements of Loan and Lease Portfolio

39-46

 Deposits

38

 Return on Equity and Assets

18

 Short-term Borrowings

38, 70



22-25