Our backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations and, therefore, may not be a reliable indicator of our future earnings. 

        As of December 31, 2008, our backlog was approximately $33.2 billion. We cannot guarantee that the revenue projected in
our backlog will be realized or profitable. Project cancellations, scope adjustments or deferrals may occur, from time to time, with respect to contracts reflected in our backlog and could reduce the
dollar amount of our backlog and the revenue and profits that we actually earn. Many of our contracts have termination for convenience provisions in them. In addition, projects may remain in our
backlog for an extended period of time. Finally, poor project or contract performance could also impact our backlog and profits. It is unclear what impact the current market conditions may have on our
backlog. The current financial crisis may result in a diminished ability to replace backlog once projects are completed and/or may result in the cancellation, modification or deferral of projects
currently in our backlog, as discussed below. Such developments could have a material adverse affect on our business and our profits. 

11

 The current worldwide financial crisis will likely affect a portion of our client base, subcontractors and suppliers and could materially affect our backlog and profits. 

        The current worldwide financial crisis has reduced the availability of liquidity and credit to fund or support the continuation and
expansion of industrial business operations worldwide. Recent financial market conditions have resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, and have caused many
financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to fail. Many lenders and institutional investors have reduced and, in some cases,
ceased to provide funding to borrowers. Continued disruption of the credit markets could adversely affect our clients' or our own borrowing capacity, which support the continuation and expansion of
projects worldwide, and could result in contract cancellations or suspensions, project delays, payment delays or defaults by our clients. In addition, in response to current market conditions, clients
may choose to make fewer capital expenditures, to otherwise slow their spending on our services or to seek contract terms more favorable to them. Our government clients may face budget deficits that
prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects or that cause them to exercise their right to terminate our contracts with little or no prior notice. Furthermore, any financial difficulties
suffered by our subcontractors or suppliers could increase our cost or adversely impact project schedules. Finally, our ability to expand our business would be limited if, in the future,
we are unable to access or increase our existing credit facility, including our letter of credit capacity, on favorable terms or at all. These disruptions could materially impact our backlog and
profits. 

 Our vulnerability to the cyclical nature of certain markets we serve is exacerbated during economic downturns. 

        The demand for our services and products is dependent upon the existence of projects with engineering, procurement, construction and
management needs. Although economic downturns can impact our entire business, our commodity-based segments tend to be more cyclical in nature, and our commodity-based business lines can be affected by
a decrease in worldwide demand for these projects. Industries such as these and many of the others we serve have historically been and will continue to be vulnerable to economic downturns such as the
downturn the world economy is currently encountering. As a result, our past results have varied considerably and may continue to vary depending upon the demand for future projects in these industries,
especially during periods of economic uncertainty. 

 If we experience delays and/or defaults in client payments, we could suffer liquidity problems or we could be unable to recover all expenditures. 

        Because of the nature of our contracts, we sometimes commit resources to projects prior to receiving payments from the client in
amounts sufficient to cover expenditures as they are incurred. Delays in client payments may require us to make a working capital investment. If a client defaults in making its payments on a project
in which we have devoted significant resources, it could have a material negative effect on our results of operations or liquidity. During the current economic downturn, our clients may be more likely
to delay or default on payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. 

 We maintain a workforce based upon current and anticipated workloads. If we do not receive future contract awards or if these awards are delayed, significant cost may
result. 

        Our estimates of future performance depend on, among other matters, whether and when we will receive certain new contract awards. While
our estimates are based upon our good faith judgment, these estimates can be unreliable and may frequently change based on newly available information. In the case of large-scale domestic and
international projects where timing is often uncertain, it is particularly difficult to predict whether and when we will receive a contract award. The uncertainty of contract award timing can present
difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contract needs. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur cost resulting from reductions in staff or redundancy of
facilities that would have the effect of reducing our profits. 

12

 We bear the risk of cost overruns in approximately 25% of the dollar value of our contracts. We may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses under these
contracts if costs increase above our estimates. 

        We conduct our business under various types of contractual arrangements. In terms of dollar-value, the majority of our contracts
allocate the risk of cost overruns to our client by requiring our client to reimburse us for our cost. Approximately 25% of the dollar-value of our contracts is currently guaranteed maximum price or
fixed-price contracts, where we bear a significant portion of the risk for cost overruns. Under these types of contracts, contract prices are established in part on cost and scheduling estimates which
are based on a number of assumptions, including assumptions about future economic conditions, prices and availability of labor, equipment and materials. If these estimates prove inaccurate, or
circumstances change such as unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather delays, cost of raw materials, or our
suppliers' or subcontractors' inability to perform, cost overruns may occur, and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. 

 We are dependent upon third parties to complete many of our contracts. 

        Much of the work performed under our contracts is actually performed by third-party subcontractors we hire. We also rely on third-party
equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. If we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers or
suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project could be impaired. If the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated,
especially in a lump-sum or a fixed-price type contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. If a supplier, manufacturer or
subcontractor fails to provide supplies, equipment or services as required under a negotiated contract for any reason, we may be required to source these supplies, equipment or services on a delayed
basis or at a higher price than anticipated, which could impact contract profitability. These risks may be intensified during the current economic downturn if our suppliers, manufacturers or
subcontractors experience financial difficulties and are not able to provide the services or supplies necessary for our business. 

 We may need to raise additional capital in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and/or acquisitions, and we may not be able to do so on favorable terms or at
all, which would impair our ability to operate our business or achieve our growth objectives. 

        To the extent that existing cash balances and cash flow from operations, together with borrowing capacity under our credit facilities,
are insufficient to make future investments, make acquisitions or provide needed additional working capital, we may require additional financing from other sources. Our ability to obtain such
additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing capital market conditions, as well as conditions in our business and our operating results; and those factors may affect our
efforts to arrange additional financing on terms that are satisfactory to us. If adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to make future
investments, take advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities, or respond to competitive challenges. 

 The success of our joint ventures depends on the satisfactory performance by our joint venture partners of their joint venture obligations. The failure of our joint venture
partners to perform their joint venture obligations could impose on us additional financial and performance obligations that could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses for
us with respect to the joint venture. 

        We enter into various joint ventures as part of our engineering, procurement and construction businesses, including ICA Fluor and
project-specific joint ventures. The success of these and other joint ventures depends, in large part, on the satisfactory performance by our joint venture partners of their joint venture obligations,
including their obligation to commit working capital, equity or credit support as required by the joint venture. If our joint venture partners fail to satisfactorily perform their joint venture
obligations as a result of financial or other difficulties, the joint venture may be unable to adequately perform or deliver its contracted services. Under these circumstances, we may be required to
make 

13

additional
investments and provide additional services to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of the contracted services. These additional obligations could result in reduced profits or, in
some cases, significant losses for us with respect to the joint venture. 

 If we are unable to form teaming arrangements, our ability to compete for and win certain contracts may be negatively impacted. 

        In both the private and public sectors, either acting as a prime contractor, a subcontractor or as a member of team, we may join with
other firms to form a team to compete for a single contract. Because a team can offer stronger combined qualifications than any firm standing alone, these teaming arrangements can be very
important to the success of a particular contract bid process or proposal. The failure to maintain such relationships in certain markets, such as the nuclear energy and government markets, may impact
our ability to win work. 

 Our government contracts may be terminated at any time. Also, if we do not comply with restrictions and regulations imposed by the government, our government contracts may
be terminated and we may be unable to enter into future government contracts. The termination of our government contracts could significantly reduce our expected revenue and profits. 

        We enter into significant government contracts, from time to time, such as those that we have with the U.S. Department of Energy as
part of a teaming arrangement at Savannah River Nuclear Solutions LLC ("Savannah River"). Government contracts are subject to various uncertainties, restrictions and regulations, including
oversight audits by government representatives and profit and cost controls, which could result in withholding or delay of payments to us. Government contracts are also exposed to uncertainties
associated with Congressional funding. The government is under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level and funds for a program may even be eliminated. Our government clients may
terminate or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. 

        In
addition, government contracts are subject to specific regulations. For example, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR"), the Truth in Negotiations Act, the
Cost Accounting Standards ("CAS"), the Service Contract Act and Department of Defense security regulations. We must also comply with various other government regulations and requirements as well as
various statutes related to employment practices, environmental protection, recordkeeping and accounting. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, requirements or statutes, our existing
government contracts could be terminated, and we could be temporarily suspended or even debarred from government contracting or subcontracting. 

        We
also run the risk of the impact of government audits, investigations and proceedings, and so-called "qui tam" actions brought by individuals or the government under the
Federal False Claims Act that, if an unfavorable result occurs, could impact our profits and financial condition, as well as our ability to obtain future government work. For example, government
agencies such as the U.S. Defense Contract Audit Agency (the "DCAA") routinely review and audit government contractors. If these agencies determine that a rule or regulation has been violated, a
variety of penalties can be imposed including criminal and civil penalties all of which would harm our reputation with the government or even debar us from future government activities. The DCAA has
the ability to review how we have accounted for cost under the FAR and CAS, and if they believe that we have engaged in inappropriate accounting or other activities, payments to us may be disallowed. 

        If
one or more of our government contracts are terminated for any reason including for convenience, if we are suspended or debarred from government contract work, or if payment of our
cost is disallowed, we could suffer a significant reduction in expected revenue and profits. 

14

 If we guarantee the timely completion or performance standards of a project, we could incur additional cost to cover our guarantee obligations. 

        In some instances and in many of our fixed-price contracts, we guarantee a client that we will complete a project by a scheduled date.
We sometimes provide that the project, when completed, will also achieve certain performance standards. From time to time, we may also assume a project's technical risk, which means that we may have
to satisfy certain technical requirements of a project despite the fact that at the time of project award, we may not have previously produced the system or product in question. If we subsequently
fail to complete the project as scheduled, or if the project subsequently fails to meet guaranteed performance standards, we may be held responsible for cost impacts to the client resulting from any
delay or the cost to cause the project to achieve the performance standards, generally in the form of contractually agreed-upon liquidated damages. To the extent that these events occur,
the total cost of the project could exceed our original estimates and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. 

 The nature of our engineering and construction business exposes us to potential liability claims and contract disputes which may reduce our profits. 

        We engage in engineering and construction activities for large facilities where design, construction or systems failures can result in
substantial injury or damage to third parties. In addition, the nature of our business results in clients, subcontractors and vendors occasionally
presenting claims against us for recovery of cost they incurred in excess of what they expected to incur, or for which they believe they are not contractually liable. We have been and may in the
future be named as a defendant in legal proceedings where parties may make a claim for damages or other remedies with respect to our projects or other matters. These claims generally arise in the
normal course of our business. When it is determined that we have liability, we may not be covered by insurance or, if covered, the dollar amount of these liabilities may exceed our policy limits. Our
professional liability coverage is on a "claims-made" basis covering only claims actually made during the policy period currently in effect. In addition, even where insurance is maintained
for such exposures, the policies have deductibles resulting in our assuming exposure for a layer of coverage with respect to any such claims. Any liability not covered by our insurance, in excess of
our insurance limits or, if covered by insurance but subject to a high deductible, could result in a significant loss for us, which claims may reduce our profits and cash available for operations. 

 Our failure to recover adequately on claims against project owners for payment could have a material effect on us. 

        We occasionally bring claims against project owners for additional cost exceeding the contract price or for amounts not included in the
original contract price. These types of claims occur due to matters such as owner-caused delays or changes from the initial project scope, which result in additional cost, both direct and indirect.
Often, these claims can be the subject of lengthy arbitration or litigation proceedings, and it is often difficult to accurately predict when these claims will be fully resolved. When these types of
events occur and unresolved claims are pending, we may invest significant working capital in projects to cover cost overruns pending the resolution of the relevant claims. A failure to promptly
recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. 

 Intense competition in the engineering and construction industry could reduce our market share and profits. 

        We serve markets that are highly competitive and in which a large number of multinational companies compete. Among our competitors are
U.S. companies such as Bechtel Group, Inc., Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc., KBR Inc., Chicago Bridge and Iron Company N.V., CH2M Hill Companies Limited, the Shaw Group and
URS Corporation, and international companies such as Foster Wheeler AG, Technip, WorleyParsons Limited and AMEC plc. In particular, the engineering and construction markets are highly
competitive and require substantial resources and investment in technology and skilled personnel. Competition also places downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins. Intense
competition is expected to continue in these markets, presenting us with significant challenges in our ability to maintain 

15

strong
growth rates and acceptable profit margins. If we are unable to meet these competitive challenges, we could lose market share to our competitors and experience an overall reduction in our
profits. 

 We have international operations that are subject to foreign economic and political uncertainties. Unexpected and adverse changes in the foreign countries in which we
operate could result in project disruptions, increased cost and potential losses. 

        Our business is subject to fluctuations in demand and to changing domestic and international economic and political conditions which
are beyond our control. As of December 31, 2008, approximately 50% of our projected backlog consisted of revenue to be derived from projects and services to be completed in other countries; we
expect that a significant portion of our revenue and profits will continue to come from international projects for the foreseeable future. 

        Operating
in the international marketplace exposes us to a number of special risks including: 

•

abrupt changes in foreign government policies and regulations; 

•

embargoes; 

•

trade restrictions; 

•

tax increases; 

•

currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

changes in labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

•

U.S. government policies; and 

•

international hostilities. 

        The
lack of a well-developed legal system in some of these countries may make it difficult to enforce our contractual rights. We also face significant risks due to civil
strife, acts of war, terrorism and insurrection. Our level of exposure to these risks will vary with respect to each project, depending on the particular stage of each such project. For example, our
risk exposure with respect to a project in an early development stage will generally be less than our risk exposure with respect to a project in the middle of construction. To the extent that our
international business is affected by unexpected and adverse foreign economic and political conditions, we may experience project disruptions and losses. Project disruptions and losses could
significantly reduce our overall revenue and profits. 

 We work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees or unanticipated cost. 

        Some of our services are performed in high risk locations, such as Afghanistan and Iraq, where the country or location is subject to
political, social or economic risks, or war or civil unrest. In those locations where we have employees or operations, we may incur substantial security cost to maintain the safety of our personnel.
Moreover, despite these activities, in these locations, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel. 

 Foreign exchange risks may affect our ability to realize a profit from certain projects. 

        We generally attempt to denominate our contracts in U.S. dollars or in the currencies of our expenditures. However, we do enter into
contracts that subject us to currency risk exposure, particularly to the extent contract revenues are denominated in a currency different than the contract costs. We attempt to minimize our exposure
from currency risks by obtaining escalation provisions for projects in inflationary economies or entering into derivative (hedging) instruments, when there is currency risk exposure that is not
naturally mitigated via our contracts. However, these actions may not always eliminate all currency risk exposure. The company does not enter into derivative transactions for speculative or trading
purposes. Our operational cash flows and cash balances, though predominately held in U.S. dollars, may consist of 

16

different
currencies at various points in time in order to execute our project contracts globally. Non-U.S. cash and asset balances are subject to currency fluctuations when measured
period to period for financial reporting purposes in U.S. dollars. Financial hedging may be used to minimize currency volatility for financial reporting purposes. 

 We continue to expand our business in areas where bonding is required, but bonding capacity is limited. 

        We continue to expand our business in areas where the underlying contract must be bonded, especially in the transportation
infrastructure arena in which bonding is predominately provided by insurance sureties. These surety bonds indemnify the client if we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. Failure to
provide a bond on terms required by a client may result in an inability to compete for or win a project. Historically, we have had a strong surety bonding capacity but, as is typically the case,
bonding is at the surety's sole discretion. In addition, because of the overall lack of worldwide bonding capacity, we may find it difficult to find sureties who will provide the contract-required
bonding. Moreover, these contracts are often very large and extremely complex, which often necessitates the use of a joint venture, often with a competitor, to bid on and perform these types of
contracts, especially since it may be easier to jointly pursue the necessary bonding. However, entering into these types of joint ventures or partnerships exposes us to the credit and performance
risks of third parties, many of whom are not as financially strong as us. If our joint ventures or partners fail to perform, we could suffer negative results. 

 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 

        The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit
companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these
anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with
anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We train our staff concerning FCPA issues, and we also inform our partners, subcontractors, agents and others who work for
us or on our behalf that they must comply with FCPA requirements. We also have procedures and controls in place to monitor internal and external compliance. We cannot assure you that our internal
controls and procedures always will protect us from the reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. If we are found to be liable for FCPA violations (either due to our own acts or
our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 Past and future environmental, safety and health regulations could impose significant additional cost on us that reduce our profits. 

        We are subject to numerous environmental laws and health and safety regulations. Our projects can involve the handling of hazardous and
other highly regulated materials which, if improperly handled or disposed of, could subject us to civil and criminal liabilities. It is impossible to reliably predict the full nature and effect of
judicial, legislative or regulatory developments relating to health and safety regulations and environmental protection regulations applicable to our operations. The applicable regulations, as well as
the technology and length of time available to comply with those regulations, continue to develop and change. In addition, past activities could also have a material impact on us. For example, when we
sold our mining business formerly conducted through St. Joe Minerals Corporation, we retained responsibility for certain non-lead related environmental liabilities, but only to the
extent that such liabilities were not covered by St. Joe's comprehensive general liability insurance. While we are not currently aware of any material exposure arising from our former
St. Joe's business or otherwise, the cost of complying with rulings and regulations or satisfying any environmental remediation requirements for which we are found responsible could be
substantial and could reduce our profits. 

17

        A
substantial portion of our business is generated either directly or indirectly as a result of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations related to environmental matters. A
reduction in the number or scope of these laws or regulations, or changes in government policies regarding the funding,
implementation or enforcement of such laws and regulations, could significantly reduce the size of one of our markets and limit our opportunities for growth or reduce our revenue below current levels. 

 We may have additional tax liabilities. 

        We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining
our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under
audit by tax authorities. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation could be materially different from that which is reflected
in our financial statements. 

 Our use of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenue or profits. 

        Under our accounting procedures, we measure and recognize a large portion of our profits and revenue under the
percentage-of-completion accounting methodology. This methodology allows us to recognize revenue and profits ratably over the life of a contract by comparing the amount of the
cost incurred to date against the total amount of cost expected to be incurred. The effect of revisions to revenue and estimated cost is recorded when the amounts are known and can be reasonably
estimated, and these revisions can occur at any time and could be material. On a historical basis, we believe that we have made reasonably reliable estimates of the progress towards completion on our
long-term contracts. However, given the uncertainties associated with these types of contracts, it is possible for actual cost to vary from estimates previously made, which may result in
reductions or reversals of previously recorded revenue and profits. 

 Our continued success requires us to hire and retain qualified personnel. 

        The success of our business is dependent upon being able to attract and retain personnel, including engineers, project management and
craft employees, who have the necessary and required experience and expertise. Competition for these kinds of personnel is intense. In addition, as some of our key personnel approach retirement age,
we need to provide for smooth transitions, and our operations and results may be negatively affected if we are not able to do so. 

 Any future acquisitions may not be successful. 

        We expect to continue to pursue selective acquisitions of businesses. We cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable
acquisitions or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us, or that such transactions will be successful. Acquisitions may bring us into
businesses we have not previously conducted and expose us to additional business risks that are different from those we have traditionally experienced. We also may encounter difficulties diligencing
or integrating acquisitions and successfully managing the growth we expect to experience from these acquisitions. 

 In the event we make acquisitions using our stock as consideration, we could dilute share ownership. 

        As we have announced, we intend to grow our business not only organically but also potentially through acquisitions. One method of
paying for acquisitions or to otherwise fund our corporate initiatives is through the issuance of additional equity securities. If we do issue additional equity securities, the issuance could have the
effect of diluting our earnings per share and shareholders' percentage ownership. 

18

 Our failure to satisfy International Trade Compliance regulations may adversely affect us. 

        Fluor's global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders on a regular basis. Fluor's
policy mandates strict compliance with U.S. and foreign international trade laws. Nonetheless, we cannot provide assurance that our policies and procedures will always protect us from acts by our
employees that would violate U.S. and/or foreign laws. Such improper actions could subject the company to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, or other adverse actions
including denial of import or export privileges, and could damage our reputation and, therefore, our ability to do business. 

 It can be very difficult or expensive to obtain the insurance we need for our business operations. 

        As part of business operations, we maintain insurance both as a corporate risk management strategy and in order to satisfy the
requirements of many of our contracts. Although we have in the past been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate
insurance in the future. 

 As a holding company, we are dependent on our subsidiaries for cash distributions to fund debt payments. 

        Because we are a holding company, we have no true operations or significant assets other than the stock we own of our subsidiaries. We
depend on dividends, loans and other distributions from these subsidiaries to be able to pay our debt and other financial obligations. Contractual limitations and legal regulations may restrict the
ability of our subsidiaries to make such distributions or loans to us or, if made, may be insufficient to cover our financial obligations, or to pay interest or principal when due on our debt. 

 Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover or change of control. 

        Fluor is a Delaware corporation. Various anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law impose impediments on the ability of
others to acquire control of us, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our shareholders. In addition, certain provisions of our bylaws may impede or discourage a takeover. For
example: 

•

our Board of Directors is divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; 

•

vacancies on the Board of Directors can only be filled by other directors; 

•

there are various restrictions on the ability of a shareholder to nominate a director for election; and 

•

our Board of Directors can authorize the issuance of preference shares. 

        These
types of provisions could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. Accordingly,
shareholders may be limited in the ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 

 Systems and information technology interruption could adversely impact our ability to operate. 

        As a global company, we are heavily reliant on computer, information and communications technology and related systems in order to
properly operate. From time to time, we experience system interruptions and delays. If we are unable to continually add software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network
infrastructure and take other steps to improve the efficiency of and protect our systems, systems operation could be interrupted or delayed. In addition, our computer and communications systems and
operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, physical or electronic
break-ins and similar events or disruptions. Any of these or other events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, could delay or prevent operations, and could
adversely affect our operating results.