Our backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations and, therefore, may not be a reliable indicator of our future earnings. 

        As of December 31, 2009, our backlog was approximately $26.8 billion. Our backlog generally consists of projects for
which we have an executed contract or commitment with a client and reflects our expected revenue from the contract or commitment, which is often subject to
revision over time. We cannot guarantee that the revenue projected in our backlog will be realized or profitable. Project cancellations, scope adjustments or deferrals may occur, from time to time,
with respect to contracts reflected in our backlog and could reduce the dollar amount of our backlog and the revenue and profits that we actually earn. For example, in 2009, we removed approximately
$5.3 billion worth of project contracts previously included in our backlog due to client cancellations or scope reductions. Many of our contracts have termination for convenience provisions in
them. In addition, projects may remain in our backlog for an extended period of time. Finally, poor project or contract performance could also impact our backlog and profits. It is unclear what impact
the current market conditions may have on our backlog. The ongoing financial crisis may result in a diminished ability to replace backlog once projects are completed and/or may result in the
cancellation, modification or deferral of projects currently in our backlog, as discussed below. Such developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and our profits. 

 Our revenue and earnings are largely dependent on the award of new contracts which we do not directly control. 

        A substantial portion of our revenue and earnings is generated from large-scale and increasingly international project awards. The
timing of when project awards will be made is unpredictable and outside of our control. We operate in highly competitive markets where it is difficult to predict whether and when we will receive
awards since these awards and projects often involve complex and lengthy negotiations and bidding processes. These processes can be impacted by a wide variety of factors including governmental
approvals, financing contingencies, commodity prices, environmental conditions and overall market and economic conditions. In addition, during this current economic downturn, many of our competitors
may be more inclined to take greater or unusual risks or terms and conditions in a contract that we might not deem market or acceptable. Because a significant portion of our revenue is generated from
large projects, our results of operations can fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year depending on whether and when project awards occur and the commencement and progress of work under
awarded contracts. As a result, we are subject to the risk of losing new awards to competitors or the risk that revenue may not be derived from awarded projects as quickly as anticipated. 

 Intense competition in the engineering and construction industry could reduce our market share and profits. 

        We serve markets that are highly competitive and in which a large number of multinational companies compete. Among our competitors are
U.S. companies such as Bechtel Group, Inc., Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc., KBR Inc., Chicago Bridge and Iron Company N.V., CH2M Hill Companies Limited, the Shaw Group and
URS Corporation, and international companies such as Foster Wheeler AG, Technip, WorleyParsons Limited, AMEC plc, JGC Corporation, Hyundai Engineering & Construction Company and Chiyoda
Corporation. In particular, the engineering and construction markets are highly competitive and require substantial resources and investment in technology and skilled personnel. Competition also
places downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins. Intense competition is expected to continue in these markets, presenting us with significant challenges in our ability to maintain
strong growth rates and acceptable profit margins. If we are unable to meet these competitive challenges, we could lose market share to our competitors and experience an overall reduction in our
profits. 

12

Table of Contents

 The ongoing worldwide financial crisis will likely affect a portion of our client base, subcontractors and suppliers and could materially affect our backlog and profits. 

        The ongoing worldwide financial crisis has reduced the availability of liquidity and credit to fund or support the continuation and
expansion of industrial business operations worldwide. Current financial market conditions have resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, and have caused many
financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to fail. Many lenders and institutional investors have reduced and, in some cases,
ceased to provide funding to borrowers. Continued disruption of the credit markets could adversely affect our clients' or our own borrowing capacity, which support the continuation and expansion of
projects worldwide, and could result in contract cancellations or suspensions, project delays, payment delays or defaults by our clients. In addition, in response to current market conditions, clients
may choose to make fewer capital expenditures, to otherwise slow their spending on our services or to seek contract terms more favorable to them. Our government clients may face budget deficits that
prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects or that cause them to exercise their right to terminate our contracts with little or no prior notice. Furthermore, any financial difficulties
suffered by our subcontractors or suppliers could increase our cost or adversely impact project schedules. Finally, our ability to expand our business would be limited if, in the future, we are unable
to access sufficient credit capacity, including capital market funding, bank credit, such as letters of credit, and surety bonding on favorable terms or at all. These disruptions could materially
impact our backlog and profits. 

 We are dependent upon third parties to complete many of our contracts. 

        Much of the work performed under our contracts is actually performed by third-party subcontractors we hire. We also rely on third-party
equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. In many instances, we are responsible for any failure by a third-party subcontractor to comply
with applicable laws, rules and regulations. If we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project
could be impaired. If the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump-sum or a fixed-price type
contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. If a supplier, manufacturer or subcontractor fails to provide supplies, equipment or services as required under a negotiated contract for any reason,
we may be required to source these supplies, equipment or services on a delayed basis or at a higher price than anticipated, which could impact contract profitability. These risks may be intensified
during the current economic downturn if our suppliers, manufacturers or subcontractors experience financial difficulties or find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to fund their operations or
access to bonding, and are not able to provide the services or supplies necessary for our business. Finally, a failure by a third-party subcontractor to comply with applicable laws, rules or
regulations could negatively impact our business and, in the case of government contracts, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment. 

 Our vulnerability to the cyclical nature of certain markets we serve is exacerbated during economic downturns. 

        The demand for our services and products is dependent upon the existence of projects with engineering, procurement, construction and
management needs. If the global economy remains relatively weak and/or if client spending continues to decline, then our overall revenue and profitability could be harmed; we cannot predict the
strength of the current economic slowdown or when an economic recovery will occur. Moreover, given the nature of the markets we serve, the recovery in our business has traditionally lagged behind
recoveries in the overall economy and therefore may not recover as quickly as other businesses. Although economic downturns can impact our entire business, our commodity-based segments tend to be more
cyclical in nature, and our commodity-based business lines, such as our Oil and Gas segment, can be affected by a decrease in worldwide demand for these projects. Industries such as these and many of
the others we serve have historically been and will continue to be vulnerable to economic downturns such as the downturn the world economy is currently encountering. As a result, our past results have
varied considerably and may continue to vary 

13

Table of Contents

depending
upon the demand for future projects in these industries, especially during periods of economic uncertainty. 

 Reduced activity and spending from our hydrocarbon clients could adversely impact our backlog, revenue and earnings. 

        Over the past few years, our Oil and Gas segment, largely driven by capital expenditures from our clients in the hydrocarbon industry,
has been our largest generator of backlog, revenue and earnings. The decisions by our hydrocarbon clients to utilize our services are driven by a number of factors including the price of oil and gas,
technological advances, the ability of our clients to generate capital to pay for the services we provide, political and economic conditions, changes in laws and regulations, and the demand for
hydrocarbon production. In addition, the services we provide to the hydrocarbon industry may arise in locations where we are prohibited or otherwise unwilling or unable to act. These factors are
beyond our control. Reduced activity in the hydrocarbon industry, or the location of projects in certain geographic locations or environments where it is difficult to operate, could result in a
reduction in the availability of major projects which may in turn result in a reduction of our backlog, revenue and earnings. 

 If we experience delays and/or defaults in client payments, we could suffer liquidity problems or we could be unable to recover all expenditures. 

        Because of the nature of our contracts, we sometimes commit resources to projects prior to receiving payments from the client in
amounts sufficient to cover expenditures as they are incurred. In difficult economic times, some of our clients may find it increasingly difficult to pay invoices for our services timely, increasing
the risk that our accounts receivables could become uncollectible and ultimately be written off. Delays in client payments may require us to make a working capital investment, which could impact our
cash flows and liquidity. If a client fails to pay invoices on a timely basis or defaults in making its payments on a project in which we have devoted significant resources, there could be a material
adverse effect on our results of operations or liquidity. 

 We may experience reduced profits or losses under or, in some cases, cancellations or deferrals of, contracts if costs increase above estimates. 

        We conduct our business under various types of contractual arrangements where costs are estimated in advance. In terms of dollar-value,
the majority of our contracts allocate the risk of cost overruns to our clients by requiring our clients to reimburse us for our cost. Approximately 21 percent of the dollar-value of our
contracts is currently guaranteed maximum price or fixed-price contracts, where we bear a significant portion of the risk for cost overruns. Under these types of contracts, contract prices are
established in part on cost and scheduling estimates which are based on a number of assumptions, including assumptions about future economic conditions, prices and availability of labor, equipment and
materials. If these estimates prove inaccurate, or circumstances change such as unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor
conditions, weather delays, cost of raw materials, or our suppliers' or subcontractors' inability to perform, cost overruns may occur, and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss
for that project. These risks tend to be exacerbated for longer-term contracts since there is increased risk that the circumstances under which
we based our original bid could change with a resulting increase in costs. In many of these contracts, we may not be able to obtain compensation for additional work performed or expenses incurred, and
if a project is delayed, we may be required to pay liquidated damages. Even under our cost-reimbursable contracts, where we do not bear the risk of cost-overruns, costs can
exceed client expectations, resulting in deferrals or even cancellations of the contract. 

 We may need to raise additional capital in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and/or acquisitions, and we may not be able to do so on favorable terms or at
all, which would impair our ability to operate our business or achieve our growth objectives. 

        Our ability to generate cash in the future is important to fund our continuing operations and to service our indebtedness. To the
extent that existing cash balances and cash flow from operations, 

14

Table of Contents

together
with borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, are insufficient to make future investments, make acquisitions or provide needed additional working capital, we may require additional
financing from other sources. Our ability to obtain such additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing capital market conditions, as well as conditions in our business and our
operating results; and those factors may affect our efforts to arrange additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us. If adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable
terms, we may not be able to make future investments, take advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities, or respond to competitive challenges. 

 The success of our joint ventures depends on the satisfactory performance by our joint venture partners of their joint venture obligations. The failure of our joint venture
partners to perform their joint venture obligations could impose on us additional financial and performance obligations that could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses for
us with respect to the joint venture. 

        We enter into various joint ventures as part of our engineering, procurement and construction businesses, including ICA Fluor and
project-specific joint ventures, where control may be shared with unaffiliated third parties. Differences in opinions or views between joint venture partners can result in delayed decision-making or
failure to agree on material issues which could adversely affect the business and operations of the venture. From time to time in order to establish or preserve a relationship, or to better ensure
venture success, we may accept risks or responsibilities for the joint venture which are not necessarily proportionate with the reward we expect to receive. The success of these and other joint
ventures also depends, in large part, on the satisfactory performance by our joint venture partners of their joint venture obligations, including their obligation to commit working capital, equity or
credit support as required by the joint venture and to support their indemnification and other contractual obligations. If our joint venture partners fail to satisfactorily perform their joint venture
obligations as a result of financial or other difficulties, the joint venture may be unable to adequately perform or deliver its contracted services. Under these circumstances, we
may be required to make additional investments and provide additional services to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of the contracted services. These additional obligations could result in
reduced profits or, in some cases, increased liabilities or significant losses for us with respect to the joint venture. In addition, a failure by a joint venture partner to comply with applicable
laws, rules or regulations could negatively impact our business and, in the case of government contracts, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment. 

 If we are unable to form teaming arrangements, our ability to compete for and win certain contracts may be negatively impacted. 

        In both the private and public sectors, either acting as a prime contractor, a subcontractor or as a member of team, we may join with
other firms to form a team to compete for a single contract. Because a team can offer stronger combined qualifications than any firm standing alone, these teaming arrangements can be very
important to the success of a particular contract bid process or proposal. The failure to maintain such relationships in certain markets, such as the nuclear energy and government markets, may impact
our ability to win work. 

 Our government contracts may be terminated at any time. Also, if we do not comply with restrictions and regulations imposed by the government, our government contracts may
be terminated and we may be unable to enter into future government contracts. The termination of our government contracts could significantly reduce our expected revenue and profits. 

        We enter into significant government contracts, from time to time, such as those that we have with the U.S. Department of Energy as
part of a teaming arrangement at Savannah River Nuclear Solutions LLC ("Savannah River") or with the Department of Defense for the LOGCAP IV contract. Government contracts are subject to
various uncertainties, restrictions and regulations, including oversight audits by government representatives and profit and cost controls, which could result in withholding or delay of payments to
us. Government contracts are also exposed to uncertainties associated with Congressional funding. The government is under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level and funds for a
program may even be eliminated. Our government clients may terminate or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. 

15

Table of Contents 

        In addition, government contracts are subject to specific regulations. For example, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR"), the Truth in
Negotiations Act, the Cost Accounting Standards ("CAS"), the Service Contract Act and Department of Defense security regulations. We must also comply with various other government regulations and
requirements as well as various statutes related to employment practices, environmental protection, recordkeeping and accounting. These laws impact how we transact business with our governmental
clients and, in some instances, impose significant costs on our business operations. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, requirements or statutes, our existing government contracts
could be terminated, and we could be temporarily suspended or even debarred from government contracting or subcontracting. 

        We
also run the risk of the impact of government audits, investigations and proceedings, and so-called "qui tam" actions, where treble damages can be awarded, brought by
individuals or the government under the Federal False Claims Act that, if an unfavorable result occurs, could impact our profits and financial condition, as well as our ability to obtain future
government work. For example, government agencies such as the U.S. Defense Contract Audit Agency (the "DCAA") routinely review and audit government contractors. Despite the fact that we take
precautions to prevent and deter fraud, misconduct or other non-compliance, we face the risk that our employees, partners or subcontractors may engage in such activities. If any of these
agencies determine that a rule or regulation has been violated, a variety of penalties can be imposed including criminal and civil penalties all of which would harm our reputation with the government
or even debar us from future government activities. The DCAA has the ability to review how we have accounted for cost under the FAR and CAS, and if they believe that we have engaged in inappropriate
accounting or other activities, payments to us may be disallowed. Furthermore, in this environment, if we have significant disagreements with our government clients concerning costs incurred, negative
publicity
could arise which could adversely effect our industry reputation and our ability to compete for new contracts. 

        If
one or more of our government contracts are terminated for any reason including for convenience, if we are suspended or debarred from government contract work, or if payment of our
cost is disallowed, we could suffer a significant reduction in expected revenue and profits. 

 Fluctuations and changes in the government's spending priorities could adversely impact our business expectations. 

        An increasing portion of our revenue is being generated from work we perform for the U.S. government especially from contracts with the
Department of Defense. Political instability, often driven by war, conflict or natural disasters, coupled with the U.S. government's fight against terrorism has resulted in increased spending from
which we have benefitted, including in locations such as Afghanistan. Future levels of expenditures, especially with regard to foreign military commitments, may decrease or may be shifted to other
programs in which we are not a participant. As a result, a general decline in U.S. defense spending or a change in priorities could reduce our profits or revenue. 

 If we guarantee the timely completion or performance standards of a project, we could incur additional cost to cover our guarantee obligations. 

        In some instances and in many of our fixed-price contracts, we guarantee a client that we will complete a project by a scheduled date.
We sometimes commit that the project, when completed, will also achieve certain performance standards. From time to time, we may also assume a project's technical risk, which means that we may have to
satisfy certain technical requirements of a project despite the fact that at the time of project award, we may not have previously produced the system or product in question. If we subsequently fail
to complete the project as scheduled, or if the project subsequently fails to meet guaranteed performance standards, we may be held responsible for cost impacts to the client resulting from any delay
or the cost to cause the project to achieve the performance standards, generally in the form of contractually agreed-upon liquidated damages. To the extent that these events occur, the
total cost of the project could exceed our original estimates and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. 

16

Table of Contents

 The nature of our engineering and construction business exposes us to potential liability claims and contract disputes which may reduce our profits. 

        We engage in engineering and construction activities for large facilities where design, construction or systems failures can result in
substantial injury or damage to third parties. In addition, the nature of our business results in clients, subcontractors and vendors occasionally presenting claims against us for recovery of cost
they incurred in excess of what they expected to incur, or for which they believe they are not contractually liable. We have been and may in the future be named as a defendant in legal proceedings
where parties may make a claim for damages or other remedies with respect to our projects or other matters. These claims generally arise in the normal course of our business. When it is determined
that we have liability, we may not be covered by insurance or, if covered, the dollar amount of these liabilities may exceed our policy limits. Our professional liability coverage is on a
"claims-made" basis covering only claims actually made during the policy period currently in effect. In addition, even where insurance is maintained for such exposure, the policies have
deductibles resulting in our assuming exposure for a layer of coverage with respect to any such claims. Any liability not covered by our insurance, in excess of our insurance limits or, if covered by
insurance but subject to a high deductible, could result in a significant loss for us, and reduce our cash available for operations. 

 Our failure to recover adequately on claims against project owners for payment could have a material effect on us. 

        We occasionally bring claims against project owners for additional cost exceeding the contract price or for amounts not included in the
original contract price. These types of claims occur due to matters such as owner-caused delays or changes from the initial project scope, which result in additional cost, both direct and indirect.
Often, these claims can be the subject of lengthy arbitration or litigation proceedings, and it is often difficult to accurately predict when these claims will be fully resolved. When these types of
events occur and unresolved claims are pending, we may invest significant working capital in projects to cover cost overruns pending the resolution of the relevant claims. A failure to promptly
recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. 

 We have international operations that are subject to foreign economic and political uncertainties. Unexpected and adverse changes in the foreign countries in which we
operate could result in project disruptions, increased cost and potential losses. 

        Our business is subject to fluctuations in demand and to changing domestic and international economic and political conditions which
are beyond our control. As of December 31, 2009, approximately 62 percent of our projected backlog consisted of revenue to be derived from projects and services to be completed outside
the United States. We expect that a significant portion of our revenue and profits will continue to come from international projects for the foreseeable future. 

        Operating
in the international marketplace exposes us to a number of special risks including: 

•

abrupt changes in foreign government policies and regulations; 

•

embargoes; 

•

trade restrictions; 

•

tax increases; 

•

currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

changes in labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

•

U.S. government policies; and 

•

international hostilities. 

17

Table of Contents

        The
lack of a well-developed legal system in some of these countries may make it difficult to enforce our contractual rights. We also face significant risks due to civil
strife, acts of war, terrorism and insurrection. Our level of exposure to these risks will vary with respect to each project, depending on the particular stage of each such project. For example, our
risk exposure with respect to a project in an early development stage will generally be less than our risk exposure with respect to a project in the middle of construction. To the extent that our
international business is affected by unexpected and adverse foreign economic and political conditions, we may experience project disruptions and losses. Project disruptions and losses could
significantly reduce our overall revenue and profits. 

 Our employees work on projects that are inherently dangerous and a failure to maintain a safe work site could result in significant losses. 

        We often work on large-scale and complex projects, frequently in geographically remote locations. Our project sites can place our
employees and others near large equipment, dangerous processes or highly regulated materials, and in challenging environments. Safety is a primary focus of our business and is critical to our
reputation. Often, we are responsible for safety on the project sites where we work. Many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid on contracts, and some of
our contract fees or profits are subject to satisfying safety criteria. Unsafe work conditions also have the potential of increasing employee turnover, increasing project costs and raising our
operating costs. If we fail to implement appropriate safety procedures and/or if our procedures fail, our employees or others may suffer injuries. Although we maintain functional groups whose primary
purpose is to implement effective health, safety and environmental procedures throughout our company, the failure to comply with such procedures, client contracts or applicable regulations could
subject us to losses and liability. 

 We work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees or unanticipated cost. 

        Some of our services are performed in high risk locations, such as Afghanistan and Iraq, where the country or location is subject to
political, social or economic risks, or war or civil unrest. In those locations where we have employees or operations, we may incur substantial security costs to maintain the safety of our personnel.
Despite these activities, in these locations, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel and we may suffer future losses of employees and subcontractors. 

 Foreign exchange risks may affect our ability to realize a profit from certain projects. 

        We generally attempt to denominate our contracts in the currencies of our expenditures. However, we do enter into contracts that
subject us to currency risk exposure, particularly to the extent contract revenue is denominated in a currency different than the contract costs. We attempt to minimize our exposure from currency
risks by obtaining escalation provisions for projects in inflationary economies or entering into derivative (hedging) instruments, when there is currency risk exposure that is not naturally mitigated
via our contracts. However, these actions may not always eliminate all currency risk exposure. Based on fluctuations in currency, the U.S. dollar value of our backlog may from time to time increase or
decrease significantly. The company does not enter into derivative instruments or hedging activities for speculative or trading purposes. Our operational cash flows and cash balances, though
predominately held in U.S. dollars, may consist of different currencies at various points in time in order to execute our project contracts globally. Non-U.S. cash and asset balances are
subject to currency fluctuations when measured period to period for financial reporting purposes in U.S. dollars. Financial hedging may be used to minimize currency volatility for financial reporting
purposes. 

 We continue to expand our business in areas where surety bonding is required, but surety bonding capacity is limited. 

        We continue to expand our business in areas where the underlying contract must be bonded, especially in the transportation
infrastructure arena in which bonding is predominately provided by 

18

Table of Contents

surety
companies. These surety bonds indemnify the client if we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. Failure to provide a bond on terms required by a client may result in an inability
to compete for or win a project. Historically, we have had a strong surety bonding capacity but, as is typically the case, bonding is at the surety's sole discretion. In addition, because of the
overall limitations in worldwide bonding capacity, we may find it difficult to find sufficient surety bonding capacity to meet our total surety bonding needs. Moreover, these contracts are often very
large and extremely complex, which often necessitates the use of a joint venture, often with a competitor, to bid on and perform these types of contracts. However, entering into these types of joint
ventures or partnerships exposes us to the credit and performance risks of third parties, many of whom are not as financially strong as us. Such joint ventures or partnerships require the other
partners to provide their portion of the required contract surety bonding needs. The inability or failure of these partners to provide their portion of any required surety bonding may result in an
inability to compete for or win these types of projects. In addition, if our joint ventures or partners fail to perform, we could suffer negative results. 

 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 

        The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies
and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these
anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with
anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We train our staff concerning anti-bribery laws and issues, and we also inform our partners, subcontractors,
agents and others who work for us or on our behalf that they must comply with anti-bribery law requirements. We also have procedures and controls in place to monitor internal and external
compliance. We cannot assure you that our internal controls and procedures always will protect us from the reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. If we are found to be liable
for anti-bribery law violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from criminal or civil penalties or other
sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

 We could be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with domestic and international export laws. 

        Fluor's global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders on a regular basis. Fluor's
policy mandates strict compliance with U.S. and foreign international trade laws. To the extent we export technical services, data and products outside of the United States, we are subject to U.S. and
international laws and regulations governing international trade and exports including but not limited to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration Regulations and trade
sanctions against embargoed countries, which are administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control with the Department of Treasury. From time to time, we identify certain inadvertent or potential
export or related violations. These violations may include, for example, transfers without required governmental authorization. A failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in
civil or criminal sanctions, including the imposition of fines, the denial of export privileges and suspension or debarment from participation in U.S. government contracts. 

 Past and future environmental, safety and health regulations could impose significant additional cost on us that reduce our profits. 

        We are subject to numerous environmental laws and health and safety regulations. Our projects can involve the handling of hazardous and
other highly regulated materials which, if improperly handled or disposed of, could subject us to civil and criminal liabilities. It is impossible to reliably predict the full nature and effect of
judicial, legislative or regulatory developments relating to health 

19

Table of Contents

and
safety regulations and environmental protection regulations applicable to our operations. The applicable regulations, as well as the technology and length of time available to comply with those
regulations, continue to develop and change. In addition, past activities could also have a material impact on us. For example, when we sold our mining business formerly conducted through
St. Joe Minerals Corporation, we retained responsibility for certain non-lead related environmental liabilities, but only to the extent that such liabilities were not covered by
St. Joe's comprehensive general liability insurance. While we are not currently aware of any material exposure arising from our former St. Joe's business or otherwise, the cost of
complying with rulings and regulations or satisfying any environmental remediation requirements for which we are found responsible could be substantial and could reduce our profits. 

        A
substantial portion of our business is generated either directly or indirectly as a result of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations related to environmental matters. A
reduction in the number or scope of these laws or regulations, or changes in government policies regarding the funding, implementation or enforcement of such laws and regulations, could significantly
reduce the size of one of our markets and limit our opportunities for growth or reduce our revenue below current levels. 

 We may be affected by market or regulatory responses to climate change. 

        Growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations. For example, there is a
growing consensus that new and additional regulations concerning greenhouse gas emissions and/or "cap and trade" legislation may be enacted, which could result in increased compliance costs for us and
our clients. Legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on emissions could also affect our clients, including those who (a) are involved in the exploration,
production or refining of fossil fuels such as our Oil & Gas clients, (b) emit greenhouse gases through the combustion of fossil fuels, including some of our Power clients or
(c) emit greenhouse gases through the mining, manufacture, utilization or production of materials or goods. Such legislation or restrictions could increase the costs of projects for our clients
or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial
condition. However, legislation and regulation regarding climate change could also increase the pace of development of carbon capture and storage projects, alternative transportation, alternative
energy facilities, such as wind farms, or incentivize increased implementation of clean fuel projects which could
positively impact the company. The company cannot predict when or whether any of these various legislative and regulatory proposals may become law or what their effect will be on the company and its
customers. 

 Our effective tax rate may increase. 

        We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining
our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under
audit by tax authorities. Although we believe that our tax estimates and tax positions are reasonable, they could be materially affected by many factors including the final outcome of tax audits and
related litigation, the introduction of new tax accounting standards, legislation, regulations and related interpretations, our global mix of earnings, the realizability of deferred tax assets and
changes in uncertain tax positions. As such, going forward our effective tax rate may increase. 

 Our actual results could differ from the assumptions and estimates used to prepare our financial statements. 

        In preparing our financial statements, we are required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles to make estimates and
assumptions as of the date of the financial statements. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the 

20

Table of Contents

disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. Areas requiring significant estimates by our management include: 

•

Recognition of contract revenue, costs, profits or losses in applying the principles of percentage of completion
accounting; 

•

Recognition of recoveries under contract change orders or claims; 

•

Estimated amounts for expected project losses, warranty costs, contract close-out or other costs; 

•

Collectability of billed and unbilled accounts receivable and the need and amount of any allowance for doubtful accounts; 

•

Asset valuations; 

•

Valuations of stock-based compensation; 

•

Income tax provisions and related valuation allowances; 

•

Determination of expense and potential liabilities under pension and other post-retirement benefit programs;
and 

•

Accruals for other estimated liabilities. 

Our
actual business and financial results could differ from our estimates of such results, which could have a material negative impact on our financial condition and reported results of operations. 

 Our use of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenue or profits. 

        Under our accounting procedures, we measure and recognize a large portion of our profits and revenue under the
percentage-of-completion accounting methodology. This methodology allows us to recognize revenue and profits ratably over the life of a contract by comparing the amount of the
cost incurred to date against the total amount of cost expected to be incurred. The effect of revisions to revenue and estimated cost is recorded when the
amounts are known and can be reasonably estimated, and these revisions can occur at any time and could be material. On a historical basis, we believe that we have made reasonably reliable estimates of
the progress towards completion on our long-term contracts. In addition, from time to time, when calculating the total amount of profits and losses, we include unapproved claims as
contract value when collection is deemed probable based upon the criteria for recognizing unapproved claims under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 605-35-25. Including
unapproved claims in this calculation increases the operating income (or reduces the operating loss) that would otherwise be recorded without consideration of the probable unapproved claim. Given the
uncertainties associated with these types of contracts, it is possible for actual cost to vary from estimates previously made, which may result in reductions or reversals of previously recorded
revenue and profits. 

 We maintain a workforce based upon current and anticipated workloads. If we do not receive future contract awards or if these awards are delayed, significant cost may
result. 

        Our estimates of future performance depend on, among other matters, whether and when we will receive certain new contract awards,
including the extent to which we utilize our workforce. The rate at which we utilize our workforce is impacted by a variety of factors including our ability to manage attrition, our ability to
forecast our need for services which allows us to maintain an appropriately sized workforce, our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new projects or between internal business
groups, and our need to devote resources to non-chargeable activities such as training or business development. While our estimates are based upon our good faith judgment, these estimates
can be unreliable and may frequently change based on newly available information. In the case of large-scale domestic and international projects where timing is often uncertain, it is particularly
difficult to predict whether and when we will receive a contract award. The uncertainty of contract award timing 

21

Table of Contents

can
present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contract needs. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur cost resulting from reductions in staff or
redundancy of facilities that would have the effect of reducing our profits. 

 Our continued success requires us to hire and retain qualified personnel. 

        The success of our business is dependent upon being able to attract and retain personnel, including engineers, project management and
craft employees, who have the necessary and required experience and expertise. Competition for these kinds of personnel is intense. In addition, as some of our key personnel approach retirement age,
we need to provide for smooth transitions, and our operations and results may be negatively affected if we are not able to do so. 

 Any future acquisitions may not be successful. 

        We expect to continue to pursue selective acquisitions of businesses. We cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable
acquisitions or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us, or that such transactions will be successful. Acquisitions may bring us into
businesses we have not previously conducted and expose us to additional business risks that are different from those we have traditionally experienced. We also may encounter difficulties identifying
all significant risks during our due diligence activities or integrating acquisitions and successfully managing the growth we expect to experience from these acquisitions. 

 In the event we make acquisitions using our stock as consideration, we would dilute share ownership. 

        We intend to grow our business not only organically but also potentially through acquisitions. One method of paying for acquisitions or
to otherwise fund our corporate initiatives is through the issuance of additional equity securities. If we do issue additional equity securities, the issuance would have the effect of diluting our
earnings per share and shareholders' percentage ownership. 

 It can be very difficult or expensive to obtain the insurance we need for our business operations. 

        As part of business operations, we maintain insurance both as a corporate risk management strategy and in order to satisfy the
requirements of many of our contracts. Although we have in the past been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate
insurance in the future. We also monitor the financial health of the insurance companies from which we procure insurance, and this is one of the factors we take into account when purchasing insurance.
Our insurance is purchased from a number of the world's leading providers, often in layered insurance or co-surety arrangements. If any of our third party insurers fail, abruptly cancel
our coverage or otherwise can not satisfy their insurance requirements to us, then our overall risk exposure and operational expenses could be increased and our business operations could be
interrupted. 

 As a holding company, we are dependent on our subsidiaries for cash distributions to fund debt payments. 

        Because we are a holding company, we have no true operations or significant assets other than the stock we own of our subsidiaries. We
depend on dividends, loans and other distributions from these subsidiaries to be able to pay our debt and other financial obligations. Contractual limitations and legal regulations may restrict the
ability of our subsidiaries to make such distributions or loans to us or, if made, may be insufficient to cover our financial obligations, or to pay interest or principal when due on our debt. 

 Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover or change of control. 

        Fluor is a Delaware corporation. Various anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law impose impediments on the ability of
others to acquire control of us, even if a change of control would be 

22

Table of Contents

beneficial
to our shareholders. In addition, certain provisions of our bylaws may impede or discourage a takeover. For example: 

•

our Board of Directors is divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; 

•

vacancies on the Board of Directors can only be filled by other directors; 

•

there are various restrictions on the ability of a shareholder to nominate a director for election; and 

•

our Board of Directors can authorize the issuance of preference shares. 

These
types of provisions in our bylaws could also make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. Accordingly,
shareholders may be limited in the ability to obtain a premium for their shares. 

 Systems and information technology interruption could adversely impact our ability to operate. 

        As a global company, we are heavily reliant on computer, information and communications technology and related systems in order to
properly operate. From time to time, we experience system interruptions and delays. If we are unable to continually add software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network
infrastructure and take other steps to improve the efficiency of and protect our systems, systems operation could be interrupted or delayed. In addition, our computer and communications systems and
operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer viruses, physical or electronic
break-ins and similar events or disruptions. Any of these or other events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, could delay or prevent operations, and could
adversely affect our operating results.