We may experience reduced profits or losses under contracts if costs increase above estimates. 

        We conduct our business under various types of contractual arrangements where costs are estimated in advance. In terms of dollar-value,
the majority of our contracts allocate the risk of cost overruns to our 

11

Table of Contents

clients
by requiring our clients to reimburse us for our cost. Approximately 15 percent of the dollar-value of our backlog is currently guaranteed maximum price or fixed-price contracts, where
we bear a significant portion of the risk for cost overruns. If we fail to accurately estimate the resources and time necessary for these type of contracts, or fail to complete these contracts within
the timeframes and costs we have agreed upon, there could be a material impact on our financial results as well as our reputation. Risks under our contracts which could result in cost overruns,
project delays or other problems can also include:

•

Difficulties related to the performance of our subcontractors, suppliers, equipment providers or other third parties; 

•

Changes in local laws or difficulties in obtaining permits, rights of way or approvals; 

•

Unanticipated technical problems, including issues with regard to the design or engineering phases of contracts; 

•

Unforeseen increases in the cost of raw materials, components, equipment, labor or the inability to timely obtain them; 

•

Delays caused by weather conditions; 

•

Incorrect assumptions related to productivity, scheduling estimates or future economic conditions; and 

•

Project modifications creating unanticipated costs or delays. 

These
risks tend to be exacerbated for longer-term contracts since there is increased risk that the circumstances under which we based our original bid could change with a resulting
increase in costs. In many of these contracts, we may not be able to obtain compensation for additional work performed or expenses incurred, and if a project is not executed on schedule, we may be
required to pay liquidated damages. 

 Intense competition in the engineering and construction industry could reduce our market share and profits. 

        We serve markets that are highly competitive and in which a large number of multinational companies compete. In particular, the
engineering and construction markets are highly competitive and require substantial resources and investment in technology and skilled personnel. In addition, our success in the government market and
certain international markets can be impacted by the presence or quality of a local partner. If we are unable to compete alone, or with a quality partner, our ability to win work and successfully
complete our contracts may be impacted. Competition also places downward pressure on our contract prices and profit margins. Intense competition is expected to continue in these markets, presenting us
with significant challenges in our ability to maintain strong growth rates and acceptable profit margins. If we are unable to meet these competitive challenges, we could lose market share to our
competitors and experience an overall reduction in our profits. 

 Our revenue and earnings are largely dependent on the award of new contracts which we do not directly control. 

        A substantial portion of our revenue and earnings is generated from large-scale and increasingly international project awards. The
timing of when project awards will be made is unpredictable and outside of our control. We operate in highly competitive markets where it is difficult to predict whether and when we will receive
awards since these awards and projects often involve complex and lengthy negotiations and bidding processes. These processes can be impacted by a wide variety of factors including governmental
approvals, financing contingencies, commodity prices, environmental conditions and overall market and economic conditions. In addition, we may not win contracts that we have bid upon due to price, a
client's perception of our ability to perform and/or perceived technology advantages held by others. In these highly competitive times, many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater or
unusual risks or terms and conditions in a contract that we might not deem market or acceptable. Because a significant portion of our revenue is generated from large projects, our results of
operations can fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year depending on whether and when project awards occur and the commencement 

12

Table of Contents

and
progress of work under awarded contracts. As a result, we are subject to the risk of losing new awards to competitors or the risk that revenue may not be derived from awarded projects as quickly
as anticipated. 

 Current global economic conditions will likely affect a portion of our client base, partners, subcontractors and suppliers and could materially affect our backlog and
profits. 

        Current global economic conditions have reduced and continue to negatively impact our client's willingness and ability to fund their
projects. These conditions make it difficult for our clients to accurately forecast and plan future business trends and activities, thereby causing our clients to slow or even curb spending on our
services, or seek contract terms more favorable to them. Our government clients may face budget deficits that prohibit them from funding proposed and existing projects or that cause them to exercise
their right to terminate our contracts with little or no prior notice. Furthermore, any financial difficulties suffered by our partners, subcontractors or suppliers could increase our cost or
adversely impact project schedules. These economic conditions continue to reduce the availability of liquidity and credit to fund or support the continuation and expansion of industrial business
operations worldwide. Current financial market conditions and adverse credit market conditions could adversely affect our clients', our partners' or our own borrowing capacity, which support the
continuation and expansion of projects worldwide, and could result in contract cancellations or suspensions, project delays, payment delays or defaults by our clients. Our ability to expand our
business would be limited if, in the future, we are unable to access sufficient credit capacity, including capital market funding, bank credit, such as letters of credit, and surety bonding on
favorable terms or at all. These disruptions could materially impact our backlog and profits. Finally, our business has traditionally lagged recoveries in the general economy, and therefore may not
recover as quickly as the economy as a whole. 

 If we experience delays and/or defaults in client payments, we could suffer liquidity problems or we could be unable to recover all expenditures. 

        Because of the nature of our contracts, we sometimes commit resources to projects prior to receiving payments from the client in
amounts sufficient to cover expenditures as they are incurred. In difficult economic times, some of our clients may find it increasingly difficult to pay invoices for our services timely, increasing
the risk that our accounts receivable could become uncollectible and ultimately be written off. Delays in client payments may require us to make a working
capital investment, which could impact our cash flows and liquidity. If a client fails to pay invoices on a timely basis or defaults in making its payments on a project in which we have devoted
significant resources, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations or liquidity. 

 We are vulnerable to the cyclical nature of the markets we serve. 

        The demand for our services and products is dependent upon the existence of projects with engineering, procurement, construction and
management needs. Although downturns can impact our entire business, our oil and gas, petrochemicals, power, and mining and metals lines exemplify businesses that are cyclical in nature and have
historically been affected by a decrease in worldwide demand for these projects or the underlying commodities. For example, in our Oil & Gas segment, capital expenditures by our oil and gas
clients may be influenced by factors such as prevailing prices and expectations about future prices, technological advances, the costs of exploration, production and delivery of product, domestic and
international political, military, regulatory and economic conditions and other similar factors. In our Power segment, new order activity has slowed due to low demand for power. Industries such as
these and many of the others we serve have historically been and will continue to be vulnerable to general downturns. 

 We have international operations that are subject to foreign economic and political uncertainties. Unexpected and adverse changes in the foreign countries in which we
operate could result in project disruptions, increased cost and potential losses. 

        Our business is subject to fluctuations in demand and to changing international economic and political conditions which are beyond our
control. As of December 31, 2011, approximately 78 percent of our 

13

Table of Contents

backlog
consisted of revenue to be derived from projects and services to be completed outside the United States. We expect that a significant portion of our revenue and profits will continue to come
from international projects for the foreseeable future. 

        Operating
in the international marketplace exposes us to a number of special risks including:

•

abrupt changes in foreign government policies, regulations or leadership; 

•

embargoes; 

•

trade restrictions or restrictions on currency movement; 

•

tax increases; 

•

currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

•

changes in labor conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

•

U.S. government policies; 

•

international hostilities; and 

•

local unrest. 

        The
lack of a well-developed legal system in some of these countries may make it difficult to enforce our contractual rights. We also face significant risks due to civil
strife, acts of war, terrorism and insurrection. We operate in countries where there is a significant amount of political risk including Afghanistan, Indonesia, Iraq, Russia, China and Saudi Arabia.
In addition, military action or continued unrest, especially in the Middle East, could impact the supply or pricing of oil, disrupt our
operations in the region and elsewhere, and increase our security costs. Our level of exposure to these risks will vary with respect to each project, depending on the particular stage of each such
project. For example, our risk exposure with respect to a project in an early development stage will generally be less than our risk exposure with respect to a project in the middle of construction.
To the extent that our international business is affected by unexpected and adverse foreign economic and political conditions, we may experience project disruptions and losses. Project disruptions and
losses could significantly reduce our overall revenue and profits. 

 If we guarantee the timely completion or performance standards of a project, we could incur additional cost to cover our guarantee obligations. 

        In some instances and in many of our fixed-price contracts, we guarantee a client that we will complete a project by a scheduled date.
We sometimes commit that the project, when completed, will also achieve certain performance standards. From time to time, we may also assume a project's technical risk, which means that we may have to
satisfy certain technical requirements of a project despite the fact that at the time of project award, we may not have previously produced the system or product in question. If we subsequently fail
to complete the project as scheduled, or if the project subsequently fails to meet guaranteed performance standards, we may be held responsible for cost impacts to the client resulting from any delay
or the cost to cause the project to achieve the performance standards, generally in the form of contractually agreed-upon liquidated damages. To the extent that these events occur, the
total cost of the project could exceed our original estimates and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. 

 We are involved in litigation proceedings, potential liability claims and contract disputes which may reduce our profits. 

        We may be subject to a variety of legal proceedings, liability claims or contract disputes in virtually every part of the world. We
engage in engineering and construction activities for large facilities where design, construction or systems failures can result in substantial injury or damage to third parties. In addition, the
nature of our business results in clients, subcontractors and vendors occasionally presenting 

14

Table of Contents

claims
against us for recovery of cost they incurred in excess of what they expected to incur, or for which they believe they are not contractually liable. We have been and may in the future be named
as a defendant in legal proceedings where parties may make a claim for damages or other remedies with respect to our projects or other matters, including liabilities associated with divested
businesses. These include potential liabilities arising from the operations of the divested lead business of St. Joe Minerals Corporation as described in "13. Contingencies and Commitments" in
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. For example, in the St. Joe Minerals matters, while we believe we will be ultimately successful, if we were unsuccessful in the defense of the
claims arising in these matters or in the prosecution of and collection on our indemnity claims, we would have to recognize a substantial charge to our earnings. When it is determined that we have
liability, we may not be covered by insurance or, if covered, the dollar amount of these liabilities may exceed our policy limits. With regard to insurance coverage, our professional liability
coverage is on a "claims-made" basis covering only claims actually made during the policy period currently in effect. In addition, even where insurance is maintained for such exposure, the
policies have deductibles resulting in our assuming exposure for a layer of coverage with respect to any such claims. Any liability not covered by our insurance, in excess of our insurance limits or,
if covered by insurance but subject to a high deductible, could result in a significant loss for us, and reduce our cash available for operations. In other matters, we may be covered by
indemnification agreements which may at times be difficult to enforce. Even if enforceable, it may be difficult to recover under these agreements if the indemnitor does not have the ability to
financially support the indemnity. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties, and unfavorable rulings could occur. If we were to receive an unfavorable ruling in a
matter, our business and results of operations could be materially harmed. 

 Our failure to recover adequately on claims against project owners or subcontractors for payment or performance could have a material effect on our financial results. 

        We occasionally bring claims against project owners for additional costs exceeding the contract price or for amounts not included in
the original contract price. Similarly, we present change orders and claims to our clients and subcontractors. If we fail to properly document the nature of claims or change orders, or are otherwise
unsuccessful in negotiating a reasonable settlement, we could incur reduced profits, cost overruns and in some cases a loss on the project. These types of claims can often occur due to matters such as
owner-caused delays or changes from the initial project scope, which result in additional cost, both direct and indirect. From time to time, these claims can be the subject of lengthy and costly
arbitration or litigation proceedings, and it is often difficult to accurately predict when these claims will be fully resolved. When these types of events occur and unresolved claims are pending, we
may invest significant working capital in projects to cover cost overruns pending the resolution of the relevant claims. A failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a material
adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. 

 We are dependent upon third parties to complete many of our contracts. 

        Much of the work performed under our contracts is actually performed by third-party subcontractors. We also rely on third-party
suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. If we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a
project could be impaired. For example, in our Greater Gabbard project, the bankruptcy of a key equipment supplier has been one of the reasons behind the increased cost to complete this project. If
the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump-sum or a fixed-price type contract, we may suffer losses
on these contracts. If a supplier or subcontractor fails to provide supplies, equipment or services as required under a negotiated contract for any reason, or provides supplies, equipment or services
that are not an acceptable quality, we may be required to source those supplies, equipment or services on a delayed basis or at a higher price than anticipated, which could impact contract
profitability. In addition, faulty equipment or materials could impact the overall project, resulting in claims against us for failure to meet required project specifications. These risks may be
intensified during the current economic downturn if these suppliers or subcontractors experience financial difficulties or find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to fund their 

15

Table of Contents

operations
or access to bonding, and are not able to provide the services or supplies necessary for our business. In addition, in instances where Fluor relies on a single contracted supplier or
subcontractor or a small number of subcontractors, there can be no assurance that the marketplace can provide these products or services in a timely basis, or at the costs we had anticipated. A
failure by a third-party subcontractor or supplier to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations could negatively impact our business and, in the case of government contracts, could result in
fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment. 

 The success of our joint ventures depends on the satisfactory performance by our joint venture partners of their joint venture obligations. The failure of our joint venture
partners to perform their joint venture obligations could impose on us additional financial and performance obligations that could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses for
us with respect to the joint venture. 

        We enter into various joint ventures and teaming arrangements as part of our engineering, procurement and construction businesses,
including ICA Fluor and project-specific joint ventures, where control may be shared with unaffiliated third parties. Differences in opinions or views between joint venture partners can result in
delayed decision-making or failure to agree on material issues which could adversely affect the business and operations of the venture. At times, we also participate in joint ventures where we are not
a controlling party. In such instances, we may have
limited control over joint venture decisions and actions, including internal controls and financial reporting which may have an impact on our business. 

        From
time to time in order to establish or preserve a relationship, or to better ensure venture success, we may accept risks or responsibilities for the joint venture which are not
necessarily proportionate with the reward we expect to receive. The success of these and other joint ventures also depends, in large part, on the satisfactory performance by our joint venture partners
of their joint venture obligations, including their obligation to commit working capital, equity or credit support as required by the joint venture and to support their indemnification and other
contractual obligations. If our joint venture partners fail to satisfactorily perform their joint venture obligations as a result of financial or other difficulties, the joint venture may be unable to
adequately perform or deliver its contracted services. Under these circumstances, we may be required to make additional investments and provide additional services to ensure the adequate performance
and delivery of the contracted services. These additional obligations could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, increased liabilities or significant losses for us with respect to the joint
venture. In addition, a failure by a joint venture partner to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations could negatively impact our business and, in the case of government contracts, could
result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment. 

 Our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control. 

        Extraordinary or force majeure events beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, could negatively impact
our ability to operate. As an example, from time to time we face unexpected severe weather conditions which may result in weather-related delays that are not always reimbursable under a fixed-price
contract; evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services; increased labor and material costs in areas resulting from weather-related damage and subsequent increased demand for labor and materials
for repairing and rebuilding; inability to deliver materials, equipment and personnel to jobsites in accordance with contract schedules and loss of productivity. We may remain obligated to perform our
services after any such natural or man-made event, unless a force majeure clause or other contractual provision provides us with relief from our contractual obligations. If we are not able
to react quickly to such events, our operations may be significantly affected, which could have a negative impact on our operations. In addition, if we cannot complete our contracts on time, we may be
subject to potential liability claims by our clients which may reduce our profits. 

16

Table of Contents 

 Our backlog is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations and, therefore, may not be a reliable indicator of our future revenue or earnings. 

        As of December 31, 2011, our backlog was approximately $39 billion. Our backlog generally consists of projects for which
we have an executed contract or commitment with a client and reflects our expected revenue from the contract or commitment, which is often subject to revision over time. We cannot guarantee that the
revenue projected in our backlog will be realized or profitable. Project cancellations, scope adjustments or deferrals may occur, from time to time, with respect to contracts reflected in our backlog
and could reduce the dollar amount of our backlog and the revenue and profits that we actually earn. Many of our contracts have termination for convenience provisions in them. In addition, projects
may remain in our backlog for an extended period of time. Finally, poor project or contract performance could also impact our backlog and profits. It is unclear what impact the current market
conditions may have on our backlog. The ongoing global economic downturn may result in a diminished ability to replace backlog once projects are completed and/or may
result in the cancellation, modification or deferral of projects currently in our backlog, as discussed below. Such developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and
our profits. 

 Our government contracts and contracting rights may be terminated or otherwise adversely impacted at any time. 

        We enter into significant government contracts, from time to time, such as those that we have with the U.S. Department of Energy
as part of teaming arrangements at Savannah River Nuclear Solutions LLC and at the Department of Energy site in Portsmouth, Ohio, or with the Department of Defense for the LOGCAP IV
contract. Government contracts are subject to various uncertainties, restrictions and regulations, including oversight audits by government representatives and profit and cost controls, which could
result in withholding or delay of payments to us. Government contracts are also exposed to uncertainties associated with Congressional funding. A significant portion of our business is derived as a
result of federal government regulatory, military and infrastructure priorities. Changes in these priorities, which can occur due to policy changes or changes in the economy, are unpredictable and may
impact our revenues. The government is under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level and funds for a program may even be eliminated. Our government clients may terminate or decide not
to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. 

        In
addition, government contracts are subject to specific regulations. For example, we must comply with the Federal Acquisition Regulation ("FAR"), the Truth in Negotiations Act, the
Cost Accounting Standards ("CAS"), the Service Contract Act and Department of Defense security regulations. We must also comply with various other government regulations and requirements as well as
various statutes related to employment practices, environmental protection, recordkeeping and accounting. These laws impact how we transact business with our governmental clients and, in some
instances, impose significant costs on our business operations. If we fail to comply with any of these regulations, requirements or statutes, our existing government contracts could be terminated, and
we could be temporarily suspended or even debarred from government contracting or subcontracting. 

        We
also run the risk of the impact of government audits, investigations and proceedings, and so-called "qui tam" actions, where treble damages can be awarded, brought by
individuals or the government under the Federal False Claims Act that, if an unfavorable result occurs, could impact our profits and financial condition, as well as our ability to obtain future
government work. For example, government agencies such as the U.S. Defense Contract Audit Agency (the "DCAA") routinely review and audit government contractors with respect to the adequacy of
and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies (including our labor, billing, accounting, purchasing, estimating, compensation and management information systems). Despite the fact
that we take precautions to prevent and deter fraud, misconduct or other non-compliance, we face the risk that our employees, partners or subcontractors may engage in such activities. If
any of these agencies determine that a rule or regulation has been violated, a variety of penalties can be imposed including criminal and civil penalties all of which would harm our reputation with
the government or even debar us from future government activities. The DCAA has the ability to review how we have accounted for cost under the FAR and CAS, and if they believe that we have engaged in 

17

Table of Contents

inappropriate
accounting or other activities, they may present their findings to the Defense Contract Management Agency ("DCMA"). Should the DCMA determine that we have not complied with the terms of
our contract and applicable statutes and regulations, payments to us may be disallowed or we could be required to refund previously collected payments. Furthermore, in this environment, if we have
significant disagreements with our government clients concerning costs incurred, negative publicity could arise which could adversely effect our industry reputation and our ability to compete for new
contracts. 

        Many
of our federal government contracts require contractors to have security clearances. Depending upon the level of required clearances, security clearances can be difficult and
time-consuming to obtain. If we or our employees are unable to obtain or retain necessary security clearances, we may not be able to win new business, and our existing clients could
terminate their contracts with us or decide not to renew them. To the extent that we cannot obtain or maintain the required security clearance working on a particular contract, we may not derive the
revenue anticipated from the contract which could adversely affect our revenues. 

        If
one or more of our government contracts are terminated for any reason including for convenience, if we are suspended or debarred from government contract work, or if payment of our
cost is disallowed, we could suffer a significant reduction in expected revenue and profits. 

 Fluctuations and changes in the U.S. government's spending priorities could adversely impact our business expectations. 

        The Government segment's revenue is generated largely from work we perform for the U.S. government, including a significant
amount generated from contracts with the Department of Defense. Political instability, often driven by war, conflict or natural disasters, coupled with the U.S. government's fight against terrorism
has resulted in increased spending from which we have benefitted, including in locations such as Afghanistan, where we perform significant work under the LOGCAP IV contract. Based on recent government
pronouncements, the current level of Department of Defense overall spending will likely decrease. More specifically, government services being provided in the Middle East, including Afghanistan, will
likely not continue at present levels indefinitely and we could see our current level of services decline over time. Future levels of expenditures, especially with regard to foreign military
commitments, may decrease or may be shifted to other programs in which we are not a participant. As a result, a general decline in U.S. defense spending or a change in priorities could reduce our
profits or revenue. Our ability to win or renew government contracts is conducted through a rigorous competitive process and may prove to be unsuccessful. 

        Most
federal government contracts are awarded through a rigorous competitive process. The federal government has increasingly relied upon multiple-year contracts with
pre-established terms and conditions that generally require those contractors that have been previously awarded the contract to engage in an additional competitive bidding process for each
task order issued under the contract. Such processes require successful contractors to anticipate requirements and develop rapid-response bid and proposal teams as well as dedicated supplier
relationships and delivery systems in place to react to these needs. We face rigorous competition and significant pricing pressures in order to win these task orders. If we are not successful in
reducing costs or able to timely respond to government requests, we may not win additional awards. Moreover, even if we are qualified to work on a government contract, we may not be awarded the
contract because of existing government policies designed to protect small businesses and under-represented minority contractors. Our inability to win or renew government contracts during the
procurement processes could harm our operations. 

 We could suffer from a temporary liquidity crisis if the financial institutions who hold our cash and investments fail. 

        Our cash balances and short-term investments are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions
located primarily in North America, Europe, and Asia. Some of our accounts hold deposits that exceed available insurance. Although none of the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and
investments have gone into bankruptcy or forced receivership, there remains the risk that this 

18

Table of Contents

could
occur in the future. This concern is especially heightened in Europe where some of the European banks in which we deposit funds may be exposed to sovereign debt risk. If this were to occur, we
could be at risk of not being able to access our cash which could result in a temporary liquidity crisis that could impede our ability to fund operations. 

 Our project execution activities may result in liability for faulty engineering services. 

        Because our projects are often large and complicated, our failure to make judgments and recommendations in accordance with applicable
professional standards could result in
large damages. Our engineering practice involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of industrial facilities and public
infrastructure projects. While we do not generally accept liability for consequential damages, and although we have adopted a range of insurance, risk management and risk avoidance programs designed
to reduce potential liabilities, a catastrophic event at one of our project sites or completed projects resulting from the services we have performed could result in significant professional or
product liability, warranty or other claims against us as well as reputational harm, especially if public safety is impacted. These liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or the fees we
generate, or could impact our ability to obtain insurance in the future. In addition, clients or subcontractors who have agreed to indemnify us against any such liabilities or losses might refuse or
be unable to pay us. An uninsured claim, either in part or in whole, if successful and of a material magnitude, could have a substantial impact on our operations. 

 Changes in our effective tax rate and tax positions may vary. 

        We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. A change in tax laws, treaties or regulations,
or their interpretation, in any country in which we operate could result in a higher tax rate on our earnings, which could have a material impact on our earnings and cash flows from operations. In
addition, significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the
ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe that our tax estimates and tax positions are reasonable, they could be materially affected
by many factors including the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, the introduction of new tax accounting standards, legislation, regulations and related interpretations, our global mix
of earnings, the realizability of deferred tax assets and changes in uncertain tax positions. A significant increase in our tax rate could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and
liquidity. 

 We could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. 

        The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and similar anti-bribery laws in other
jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to officials or others for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate
compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance
with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We train our staff concerning anti-bribery laws and issues, and we also inform our partners,
subcontractors, agents and others who work for us or on our behalf that they must comply with anti-bribery law requirements. We also have procedures and controls in place to monitor
internal and external compliance. We cannot assure that our internal controls and procedures always will protect us from the reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or
agents. If we are found to be liable for anti-bribery law violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others including our partners,
agents or subcontractors), we could suffer from criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

19

Table of Contents

 Systems and information technology interruption and breaches in data security could adversely impact our ability to operate and our operating results. 

        As a global company, we are heavily reliant on computer, information and communications technology and related systems in order to
properly operate. From time to time, we experience system interruptions and delays. If we are unable to continually add software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network
infrastructure and take other steps to improve the efficiency of and protect our systems, systems operation could be interrupted or delayed or our data security could be breached. In addition, our
computer and communications systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, acts of God, computer
viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar events or disruptions. Any of these or other events could cause system interruption, delays and loss of critical data, could delay or
prevent operations including the processing of transactions and reporting of financial results, could result in the unintentional disclosure of client or our information (including proprietary
intellectual property) and could adversely affect our operating results. While management has taken steps to address these concerns by implementing sophisticated network security and internal control
measures, there can be no assurance that a system failure or loss or data security breach will not materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

 Our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to adequately protect intellectual property rights. 

        Our success is dependent, in part, on our ability to defend our intellectual property rights as to our technologies and
know-how. This success includes the ability of companies in which we invest, such as NuScale Power, LLC, to protect their intellectual property rights. We rely principally on a
combination of patents, trade secrets, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements to protect our interests. However, these methods only provide a limited amount of protection and
may not adequately protect our interests. This can be especially true in certain foreign countries. We also rely on unpatented technology and we cannot provide assurances that we can meaningfully
protect our interests or that others will not independently develop substantially
similar technology or otherwise gain access to our unpatented technology. We also hold licenses from third parties which may be utilized in our business operations, the loss of which could impact our
business operations. 

 We may need to raise additional capital in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and/or acquisitions, and we may not be able to do so on favorable terms or at
all, which would impair our ability to operate our business or achieve our growth objectives. 

        Our ongoing ability to generate cash is important for the funding of our continuing operations and the servicing of our indebtedness.
To the extent that existing cash balances and cash flow from operations, together with borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, are insufficient to make future investments, make acquisitions or
provide needed working capital, we may require additional financing from other sources. Our ability to obtain such additional financing in the future will depend in part upon prevailing capital market
conditions, as well as conditions in our business and our operating results; and those factors may affect our efforts to arrange additional financing on terms that are acceptable to us. Furthermore,
in the past few years, there has been significant upheaval and turmoil in financial markets and in many financial institutions, and if these conditions cause deterioration of the financial
institutions which provide credit to us, it is possible that our ability to draw upon our credit facilities may be impacted. If adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable
terms, we may not be able to make future investments, take advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities, or respond to competitive challenges. 

 Foreign exchange risks may affect our ability to realize a profit from certain projects. 

        We generally attempt to denominate our contracts in the currencies of our expenditures. However, we do enter into contracts that
subject us to currency risk exposure, particularly to the extent contract revenue is denominated in a currency different than the contract costs. We attempt to minimize our exposure from currency
risks by obtaining escalation provisions for projects in inflationary economies or entering into 

20

Table of Contents

derivative
(hedging) instruments, when there is currency risk exposure that is not naturally mitigated via our contracts. However, these actions may not always eliminate all currency risk exposure.
Based on fluctuations in currency, the U.S. dollar value of our backlog may from time to time increase or
decrease significantly. The company does not enter into derivative instruments or hedging activities for speculative purposes. Our operational cash flows and cash balances, though predominately held
in U.S. dollars, may consist of different currencies at various points in time in order to execute our project contracts globally. Non-U.S. asset and liability balances are
subject to currency fluctuations when measured period to period for financial reporting purposes in U.S. dollars. Financial hedging may be used to minimize currency volatility for financial
reporting purposes. 

 Our employees work on projects that are inherently dangerous and a failure to maintain a safe work site could result in significant losses. 

        We often work on large-scale and complex projects, frequently in geographically remote locations. Our project sites can place our
employees and others near large equipment, dangerous processes or highly regulated materials, and in challenging environments. Safety is a primary focus of our business and is critical to our
reputation. Often, we are responsible for safety on the project sites where we work. Many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid on contracts, and some of
our contract fees or profits are subject to satisfying safety criteria. Unsafe work conditions also have the potential of increasing employee turnover, increasing project costs and raising our
operating costs. If we fail to implement appropriate safety procedures and/or if our procedures fail, our employees or others may suffer injuries or even loss of life. Although we maintain functional
groups whose primary purpose is to implement effective health, safety and environmental procedures throughout our company, the failure to comply with such procedures, client contracts or applicable
regulations could subject us to losses and liability. 

 We work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees or unanticipated cost. 

        Some of our services are performed in high risk locations, such as Afghanistan and Iraq, where the country or location is subject to
political, social or economic risks, or war or civil unrest. In those locations where we have employees or operations, we may incur substantial security costs to maintain the safety of our personnel.
Despite these activities, in these locations, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel and we may suffer future losses of employees and subcontractors. 

 We could be adversely impacted if we fail to comply with domestic and international export laws. 

        Our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders on a regular basis. Our policy
mandates strict compliance with U.S. and foreign international trade laws. To the extent we export technical services, data and products outside of the United States, we are subject to
U.S. and international laws and regulations governing international trade and exports including but not limited to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export Administration
Regulations and trade sanctions against embargoed countries, which are administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control with the Department of Treasury. From time to time, we identify certain
inadvertent or potential export or related violations. These violations may include, for example, transfers without required governmental authorization. A failure to comply with these laws and
regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions, including the imposition of fines, the denial of export privileges and suspension or debarment from participation in U.S. government
contracts. 

 Past and future environmental, safety and health regulations could impose significant additional cost on us that reduce our profits. 

        We are subject to numerous environmental laws and health and safety regulations. Our projects can involve the handling of hazardous and
other highly regulated materials which, if improperly handled or disposed of, could subject us to civil and criminal liabilities. It is impossible to reliably predict the full 

21

Table of Contents

nature
and effect of judicial, legislative or regulatory developments relating to health and safety regulations and environmental protection regulations applicable to our operations. The applicable
regulations, as well as the technology and length of time available to comply with those regulations, continue to develop and change. In addition, past activities could also have a material impact on
us. For example, when we sold our mining business formerly conducted through St. Joe Minerals Corporation, we retained responsibility for certain non-lead related environmental
liabilities, but only to the extent that such liabilities were not covered by St. Joe's comprehensive general liability insurance and the buyer's indemnification obligations. The cost of
complying with rulings and regulations, satisfying any environmental remediation requirements for which we are found responsible, or satisfying claims or judgments alleging personal injury, property
damage or natural resource damages as a result of exposure to or contamination by hazardous materials, including as a result of
commodities such as lead or asbestos-related products, could be substantial, could reduce our profits and could materially impact our future operations. 

        A
substantial portion of our business is generated either directly or indirectly as a result of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations related to environmental matters. A
reduction in the number or scope of these laws or regulations, or changes in government policies regarding the funding, implementation or enforcement of such laws and regulations, could significantly
reduce the size of one of our markets and limit our opportunities for growth or reduce our revenue below current levels. 

 We may be unable to win new contract awards if we cannot provide clients with letters of credits, bonds or other security or credit enhancements. 

        In certain of our business lines, it is industry practice for customers to require bonds, letters of credit, bank guarantees or other
forms of credit enhancement. These bonds, letters of credit or guarantees indemnify our clients if we fail to perform our obligations under our contracts. Historically, we have had strong surety
bonding capacity due to our industry leading credit rating, but, bonding is provided at the surety's sole discretion. In addition, because of the overall limitations in worldwide bonding capacity, we
may find it difficult to find sufficient surety bonding capacity to meet our total surety bonding needs. With regard to letters of credit, we believe we have adequate capacity under our credit
facilities but any amounts required in excess of our credit limits would be at our lenders' sole discretion. Failure to provide credit enhancements on terms required by a client may result in an
inability to compete for or win a project. 

 We may be affected by market or regulatory responses to climate change. 

        Growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations. For example, there is a
growing consensus that new and additional regulations concerning greenhouse gas emissions and/or "cap and trade" legislation may be enacted, which could result in increased compliance costs for us and
our clients. Legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on emissions could also affect our clients, including those who (a) are involved in the exploration,
production or refining of fossil fuels such as our Oil & Gas clients, (b) emit greenhouse gases through the combustion of fossil fuels, including some of our Power clients or
(c) emit greenhouse gases through the mining, manufacture, utilization or production of materials or goods. Such legislation or restrictions could increase the costs of projects for our clients
or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial
condition. However, legislation and regulation regarding climate change could also increase the pace of development of carbon capture and storage projects, alternative transportation, alternative
energy facilities, such as wind farms, or incentivize increased implementation of clean fuel projects which could
positively impact the company. We cannot predict when or whether any of these various legislative and regulatory proposals may become law or what their effect will be on us and our customers. 

22

Table of Contents 

 Our actual results could differ from the assumptions and estimates used to prepare our financial statements. 

        In preparing our financial statements, we are required under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles to make estimates and
assumptions as of the date of the financial statements. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities. Areas requiring significant estimates by our management include:

•

Recognition of contract revenue, costs, profits or losses in applying the principles of
percentage-of-completion accounting; 

•

Recognition of recoveries under contract change orders or claims; 

•

Estimated amounts for expected project losses, warranty costs, contract close-out or other costs; 

•

Collectability of billed and unbilled accounts receivable and the need and amount of any allowance for doubtful accounts; 

•

Asset valuations; 

•

Income tax provisions and related valuation allowances; 

•

Determination of expense and potential liabilities under pension and other post-retirement benefit programs;
and 

•

Accruals for other estimated liabilities. 

Our
actual business and financial results could differ from our estimates of such results, which could have a material negative impact on our financial condition and reported results of operations. 

 Our use of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting could result in a reduction or reversal of previously recorded revenue
or profits. 

        Under our accounting procedures, we measure and recognize a large portion of our profits and revenue under
the percentage-of-completion accounting methodology. This methodology allows us to recognize revenue and profits ratably over the life of a contract by comparing the
amount of the cost incurred to date against the total amount of cost expected to be incurred. The effect of revisions to revenue and estimated cost is recorded when the amounts are known and can be
reasonably estimated, and these revisions can occur at any time and could be material. On a historical basis, we believe that we have made reasonably reliable estimates of the progress towards
completion on our long-term contracts. In addition, from time to time, when calculating the total amount of profits and losses, we include unapproved claims as contract revenue when
collection is deemed probable based upon the criteria for recognizing unapproved claims under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 605-35-25. Including unapproved claims
in this calculation increases the operating income (or reduces the operating loss) that would otherwise be recorded without consideration of the probable unapproved claim. Given the uncertainties
associated with these types of contracts, it is possible for actual cost to vary from estimates previously made, which may result in reductions or reversals of previously recorded revenue
and profits. 

 Our continued success requires us to hire and retain qualified personnel. 

        The success of our business is dependent upon being able to attract and retain personnel, including engineers, project management and
craft employees around the globe and who have the necessary and required experience and expertise. Competition for these kinds of personnel is intense. In addition, as some of our key personnel
approach retirement age, we need to provide for smooth transitions, and our operations and results may be negatively affected if we are not able to do so. 

 It can be very difficult or expensive to obtain the insurance we need for our business operations. 

        As part of business operations, we maintain insurance both as a corporate risk management strategy and in order to satisfy the
requirements of many of our contracts. Although we have in the past been 

23

Table of Contents

generally
able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future. We also monitor the financial health of the insurance
companies from which we procure insurance, and this is one of the factors we take into account when purchasing insurance. Our insurance is purchased from a number of the world's leading providers,
often in layered insurance or quota share arrangements. If any of our third party insurers fail, abruptly cancel our coverage or otherwise can not satisfy their insurance requirements to us, then our
overall risk exposure and operational expenses could be increased and our business operations could be interrupted. 

 Any acquisitions, dispositions or other investments may present risks or uncertainties. 

        We have made and expect to continue to pursue selective acquisitions or dispositions of businesses, or investments in strategic
business opportunities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable acquisitions or investments, or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions
acceptable to us, or that such transactions will be successful. Acquisitions may bring us into businesses we have not previously conducted and expose us to additional business risks that are different
from those we have traditionally experienced. We also may encounter difficulties identifying all significant risks during our due diligence activities or integrating acquisitions and successfully
managing the growth we expect to experience from these acquisitions. We may not be able to successfully cause a buyer of a divested business to assume the liabilities of that business or, even if such
liabilities are assumed, we may have difficulties enforcing our rights, contractual or otherwise, against the buyer. We may invest in companies that fail, causing a loss of all or part of our
investment. In addition, if we determine that an other-than-temporary decline in the fair value exists for a company in which we have invested, we may have to write down that
investment to its fair value and recognize the related write-down as an investment loss. For cases in which we are required under equity method or the proportionate consolidation method of
accounting to recognize a proportionate share of another company's income or loss, such income or loss may impact our earnings. 

 In the event we make acquisitions using our stock as consideration, stockholders' ownership percentage would be diluted. 

        We intend to grow our business not only organically but also potentially through acquisitions. One method of paying for acquisitions or
to otherwise fund our corporate
initiatives is through the issuance of additional equity securities. If we do issue additional equity securities, the issuance would have the effect of diluting our earnings per share and
stockholders' percentage ownership. 

 As a holding company, we are dependent on our subsidiaries for cash distributions to fund debt payments and other corporate liabilities. 

        Because we are a holding company, we have no true operations or significant assets other than the stock we own of our subsidiaries. We
depend on dividends, loans and other distributions from these subsidiaries to be able to service our indebtedness, fund share repurchases and satisfy other financial obligations. Contractual
limitations and legal regulations may restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to make such distributions to us or, if made, may be insufficient to cover our financial obligations. 

 We maintain a workforce based upon current and anticipated workloads. If we do not receive future contract awards or if these awards are delayed, significant cost
may result. 

        Our estimates of future performance depend on, among other matters, whether and when we will receive certain new contract awards,
including the extent to which we utilize our workforce. The rate at which we utilize our workforce is impacted by a variety of factors including our ability to manage attrition, our ability to
forecast our need for services which allows us to maintain an appropriately sized workforce, our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new projects or between internal business
groups, and our need to devote resources to non-chargeable activities such as training or business development. While our estimates are based upon our good faith judgment, these estimates
can be unreliable and may frequently change based on newly available information. In the case of large-scale 

24

Table of Contents

domestic
and international projects where timing is often uncertain, it is particularly difficult to predict whether and when we will receive a contract award. The uncertainty of contract award timing
can present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contract needs. If an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur cost resulting from reductions in staff or
redundancy of facilities that would have the effect of reducing our profits. 

 Delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover or change of control. 

        Fluor is a Delaware corporation. Various anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law impose impediments on the ability of
others to acquire control of us, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders. In addition, certain provisions of our charters and bylaws may impede or discourage a takeover.
For example:

•

our Board of Directors is currently divided into three classes serving staggered three-year terms; 

•

stockholders may not call a special meeting or act by written consent; 

•

there are various restrictions on the ability of a stockholder to nominate a director for election; and 

•

our Board of Directors can authorize the issuance of preference shares. 

These
types of provisions in our charters and bylaws could also make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders.
Accordingly, stockholders may be limited in the ability to obtain a premium for their shares.