This section identifies specific risks that should be considered
 carefully in evaluating our business. The risks described in
 “Company Risks” are specific to us and our business,
 while those described in “Risks Relating to Our
 Industry” relate to the industry in which we operate. Any
 of these risks could adversely affect our business, results of
 operations, cash flow or financial condition. We believe that
 these risks represent the material risks relevant to us, our
 business and our industry, but new material risks to our
 business may emerge that we are currently unable to predict. The
 risks discussed below could cause our actual results to differ
 materially from our historical results or the results
 contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this
 report.

 22

Table of Contents

 COMPANY
 RISKS

 We are
 subject to credit risk relating to both the mortgage assets that
 we hold in our portfolio and the
 mortgage loans that back our Fannie Mae MBS, and any resulting
 delinquencies and credit losses could adversely affect our
 financial condition, liquidity and results of
 operations.

 We are exposed to credit risk on our mortgage credit book of
 business because either we hold the mortgage assets in our
 portfolio, which consists of mortgage loans, Fannie Mae MBS and
 non-Fannie Mae mortgage-related securities, or we have issued a
 guaranty in connection with the creation of Fannie Mae MBS
 backed by mortgage assets. Borrowers of mortgage loans that we
 own or that back our Fannie Mae MBS or non-Fannie Mae
 mortgage-related securities may fail to make the required
 payments of principal and interest on those loans, exposing us
 to the risk of credit losses. Factors that affect the level of
 our risk of credit losses include the financial strength and
 credit profile of the borrower, the structure of the loan, the
 type and characteristics of the property securing the loan, and
 local, regional and national economic conditions.

 For example, loans that have unpaid principal balances that are
 high in relation to the value of the property, which are
 commonly referred to as loans with high loan-to-value
 (“LTV”) ratios, generally tend to have a higher risk
 of default and, if a default occurs, a greater risk that the
 amount of the gross loss will be high compared to loans with
 lower LTV ratios. The LTV ratio of an outstanding mortgage loan
 changes as the unpaid principal balance of the loan and the
 value of the property securing the loan change. Depending on the
 structure of the loan, the unpaid principal balance of the loan
 may increase or decrease over time. Similarly, depending on
 local, regional and national economic conditions, or the
 underlying supply and demand for housing, the value of the
 property securing the loan may increase or decrease over time.
 As of December 31, 2006, approximately 10% of our
 conventional single-family mortgage credit book of business
 consisted of loans with a mark-to-market estimated loan-to-value
 ratio greater than 80%.

 The proportion of higher risk mortgage loans that were
 originated in the market between 2003 and mid-2006 increased
 significantly. As a result, our purchase and securitization of
 loans that pose a higher credit risk, such as
 negative-amortizing
 adjustable-rate mortgages (“ARMs”), interest-only
 loans and subprime mortgage loans, also increased, although to a
 lesser degree than many other institutions. In addition, we
 increased the proportion of reduced documentation loans that we
 purchased to hold or to back our Fannie Mae MBS.

 For example,
 negative-amortizing
 ARMs represented approximately 3% of our conventional
 single-family business volume in both 2005 and 2006.
 Interest-only ARMs represented approximately 9% of our
 conventional single-family business volume in both 2005 and
 2006, and approximately 7% as of June 30, 2007.

Negative-amortizing
 ARMs and interest-only ARMs together represented approximately
 6% of our conventional single-family mortgage credit book of
 business as of December 31, 2005, December 31, 2006,
 and June 30, 2007.

 We also estimate that approximately 12% and 11% of our
 single-family mortgage credit book of business as of
 June 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006, respectively,
 consisted of Alt-A mortgage loans or structured Fannie Mae MBS
 backed by Alt-A mortgage loans, and approximately 1% of our
 single-family mortgage credit book of business consisted of
 private-label mortgage-related securities backed by Alt-A
 mortgage loans, including resecuritizations, as of both
 June 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006. We estimate that
 subprime loans represented approximately 2.2% of our
 single-family mortgage credit book of business as of both
 June 30, 2007 and December 31, 2006, of which
 approximately 0.2% consisted of subprime mortgage loans or
 structured Fannie Mae MBS backed by subprime mortgage loans and
 approximately 2% consisted of private-label mortgage-related
 securities backed by subprime mortgage loans, including
 resecuritizations.

 We expect to experience increased delinquencies and credit
 losses in 2007 compared with 2006, and the increase in our
 exposure to credit risk resulting from our purchase or
 securitization of loans with higher credit risk may cause a
 further increase in the delinquencies and credit losses we
 experience. An increase in the delinquencies and credit losses
 we experience is likely to reduce our earnings during that
 period and also could adversely affect our financial condition.

 23

Table of Contents

 We
 depend on our institutional counterparties to provide services
 that are critical to our business, and our earnings and
 liquidity may be reduced if one or more of our institutional
 counterparties defaults in its
 obligations to us.

 We face the risk that one or more of our institutional
 counterparties may fail to fulfill their contractual obligations
 to us. Our primary exposure to institutional counterparty risk
 is with our mortgage insurers, mortgage servicers, depository
 institutions, lender customers, dealers that commit to sell
 mortgage pools or loans to us, issuers of investments held in
 our liquid investment portfolio, and derivatives counterparties.
 In some cases, our business with institutional counterparties is
 heavily concentrated. As of December 31, 2006, our ten
 largest single-family mortgage servicers serviced 73% of our
 single-family mortgage credit book of business, and Countrywide
 Financial Corporation, which is our largest single-family
 mortgage servicer, serviced 22% of our single-family mortgage
 credit book of business. Also, as of December 31, 2006, we
 had outstanding transactions with 21 interest rate and foreign
 currency derivatives counterparties, of which seven
 counterparties accounted for approximately 78% of the total
 outstanding notional amount of our derivatives contracts. Each
 of these seven counterparties accounted for between
 approximately 6% and 16% of the year-end 2006 total outstanding
 notional amount. Further, as of December 31, 2006, our ten
 largest depository counterparties held 88% of the
 $34.5 billion in deposits held by all of our depository
 counterparties for scheduled MBS payments. In addition, we
 anticipate that consolidations may occur within the mortgage or
 other industries that are significant to our business, which
 would further increase our concentration risk to individual
 counterparties. Some of our counterparties also may become
 subject to serious liquidity problems affecting, either
 temporarily or permanently, the viability of their business
 plans due to mortgage repurchase obligations, margin calls, or
 lack of market access to regular sources of funding, which
 likely would adversely affect their ability to meet their
 obligations to us. The products or services that these
 counterparties provide are critical to our business operations,
 and a default by a counterparty with significant obligations to
 us could adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations
 efficiently and at cost-effective rates, which in turn could
 adversely affect our results of operations and our financial
 condition.

 We
 have several key lender customers, and the loss of business
 volume from any one of these customers could adversely affect
 our business and result in a decrease in our market share and
 earnings.

 Our ability to generate revenue from the purchase and
 securitization of mortgage loans depends on our ability to
 acquire a steady flow of mortgage loans from the originators of
 those loans. We acquire a significant portion of our mortgage
 loans from several large mortgage lenders. For 2006 and for the
 first six months of 2007, our top five lender customers of
 single-family mortgage loans accounted for approximately 51% and
 57%, respectively, of our single-family business volume, and the
 top five lender customers of multifamily mortgage loans
 accounted for approximately 50% and 53%, respectively, of our
 multifamily business volume during those periods. In addition,
 during 2006 and during the first six months of 2007, our largest
 lender customer of single-family mortgage loans accounted for
 approximately 26% and 31%, respectively, of our single-family
 business volume, and our largest lender customer of multifamily
 mortgage loans accounted for approximately 16% and 20%,
 respectively, of our multifamily business volume during those
 periods. Accordingly, maintaining our current business
 relationships and business volumes with our top lender customers
 is critical to our business. During the recent disruption in the
 subprime market, a number of lenders began to originate fewer
 mortgage loans. If any of our key lender customers significantly
 reduces the volume of mortgage loans that the lender delivers to
 us or that we are willing to buy from them, we could lose
 significant business volume that we might be unable to replace.
 The loss of business from any one of our key lender customers
 could adversely affect our business and result in a decrease in
 our market share and earnings. In addition, a significant
 reduction in the volume of mortgage loans that we securitize,
 whether resulting from a decrease in the volume of mortgage
 loans available to us from lenders or from our inability to
 purchase loans as a result of the limit on the size of our
 portfolio, could reduce the liquidity of Fannie Mae MBS, which
 in turn could have an adverse effect on their market value.

 24

Table of Contents

 Changes
 in option-adjusted spreads or interest rates, or our inability
 to manage interest rate risk successfully, could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition and our
 earnings.

 We fund our operations primarily through the issuance of debt
 and invest our funds primarily in mortgage-related assets that
 permit the mortgage borrowers to prepay the mortgages at any
 time. These business activities expose us to market risk, which
 is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market conditions.
 Our most significant market risks are interest rate risk and
 option-adjusted spread risk. Changes in interest rates affect
 both the value of our mortgage assets and prepayment rates on
 our mortgage loans.

 Option-adjusted spread risk is the risk that the option-adjusted
 spreads on our mortgage assets relative to those on our funding
 and hedging instruments (referred to as the “OAS of our net
 assets”) may increase or decrease. These increases or
 decreases may be a result of market supply and demand dynamics.
 A widening, or increase, of the OAS of our net mortgage assets
 typically causes a decline in the fair value of the company. A
 narrowing, or decrease, of the OAS of our net mortgage assets
 will reduce our opportunities to acquire mortgage assets and
 therefore could have a material adverse effect on our future
 earnings and financial condition. We do not attempt to actively
 manage or hedge the impact of changes in the OAS of our net
 mortgage assets after we purchase mortgage assets, other than
 through asset monitoring and disposition.

 Changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect
 on our business results and financial condition, including asset
 impairments or losses on assets sold, particularly if actual
 conditions differ significantly from our expectations. Our
 ability to manage interest rate risk depends on our ability to
 issue debt instruments with a range of maturities and other
 features at attractive rates and to engage in derivative
 transactions. We must exercise judgment in selecting the amount,
 type and mix of debt and derivative instruments that will most
 effectively manage our interest rate risk. The amount, type and
 mix of financial instruments we select may not offset possible
 future changes in the spread between our borrowing costs and the
 interest we earn on our mortgage assets.

 We make significant use of business and financial models to
 manage risk. We recognize that models are inherently imperfect
 predictors of actual results because they are based on the
 information we input based on data available to us and on our
 assumptions about factors such as future loan demand, prepayment
 speeds and other factors that may overstate or understate future
 experience. Therefore, our financial condition, results of
 operations and liquidity could be adversely affected if our
 models fail to produce reliable results.

 Our
 ability to operate our business, meet our obligations and
 generate net interest income depends primarily on our ability to
 issue substantial amounts of debt frequently and at attractive
 rates.

 The issuance of short-term and long-term debt securities in the
 domestic and international capital markets is our primary source
 of funding for purchasing assets for our mortgage portfolio and
 repaying or refinancing our existing debt. Moreover, our primary
 source of revenue is the net interest income we earn from the
 difference, or spread, between our borrowing costs and the
 return that we receive on our mortgage assets. Our ability to
 obtain funds through the issuance of debt, and the cost at which
 we are able to obtain these funds, depends on many factors,
 including:

 • 

 our corporate and regulatory structure, including our status as
 a GSE;

 • 

 legislative or regulatory actions relating to our business,
 including any actions that would affect our GSE status;

 • 

 rating agency actions relating to our credit ratings;

 • 

 our financial results and changes in our financial condition;

 • 

 significant events relating to our business or industry;

 • 

 the public’s perception of the risks to and financial
 prospects of our business or industry;

 • 

 the preferences of debt investors;

 • 

 the breadth of our investor base;

 25

Table of Contents

 • 

 prevailing conditions in the capital markets;

 • 

 foreign exchange rates;

 • 

 interest rate fluctuations;

 • 

 competition from other issuers of AAA-rated agency debt;

 • 

 general economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad; and

 • 

 broader trade and political considerations among the U.S. and
 other countries.

 Approximately 49.1% of the Benchmark Notes we issued in 2006
 were purchased by
 non-U.S. investors,
 including both private institutions and

non-U.S. governments
 and government agencies. Accordingly, a significant reduction in
 the purchase of our debt securities by

non-U.S. investors
 could have a material adverse effect on both the amount of debt
 securities we are able to issue and the price we are able to
 obtain for these securities. Many of the factors that affect the
 amount of our securities that foreign investors purchase,
 including economic downturns in the countries where these
 investors are located, currency exchange rates and changes in
 domestic or foreign fiscal or monetary policies, are outside our
 control.

 If we are unable to issue debt securities at attractive rates in
 amounts sufficient to operate our business and meet our
 obligations, it would have a material adverse effect on our
 liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.

 On June 13, 2006, the U.S. Department of the Treasury
 announced that it would undertake a review of its process for
 approving our issuances of debt, which could adversely impact
 our flexibility in issuing debt securities in the future,
 including our ability to issue securities that are responsive to
 the marketplace. We cannot predict whether the outcome of this
 review will materially impact our current business activities.

 Our
 business is subject to laws and regulations that restrict our
 operations, that limit the amount of our net mortgage portfolio
 assets and that restrict our ability to compete optimally, any
 of which may adversely affect our profitability.

 As a federally chartered corporation, we are subject to the
 limitations imposed by the Charter Act, extensive regulation,
 supervision and examination by OFHEO and HUD, and regulation by
 other federal agencies, such as the U.S. Department of the
 Treasury and the SEC. We are also subject to many laws and
 regulations that affect our business, including those regarding
 taxation and privacy. In addition, the policy, approach or
 regulatory philosophy of these agencies can materially affect
 our business.

 Regulation by OFHEO could adversely affect our results of
 operations and financial condition.  OFHEO has
 broad authority to regulate our operations and management in
 order to ensure our financial safety and soundness. For example,
 to meet our capital plan requirements in 2005, we made
 significant changes to our business in 2005, including reducing
 the size of our mortgage portfolio by approximately 20% and
 reducing our quarterly common stock dividend by 50%. Pursuant to
 our May 2006 consent order with OFHEO, we may not increase our
 net mortgage portfolio assets above the amount shown in our
 minimum capital report as of December 31, 2005
 ($727.75 billion), except in limited circumstances at
 OFHEO’s discretion. As of August 10, 2007, OFHEO has
 advised us that we should continue to comply with the
 $727.75 billion limit on our net mortgage portfolio assets.
 We anticipate that this limit on the size of our mortgage
 portfolio may restrict the growth of our net income or may cause
 it to decrease. This limitation on the size of our portfolio
 currently prevents us from purchasing assets that we would
 purchase if we were not subject to this limitation. In addition,
 to comply with our remediation obligations, we have incurred
 significant administrative expenses. Together, these changes
 contributed to a reduction in our earnings for the year ended
 December 31, 2006, as compared to the year ended
 December 31, 2005. We expect the limitation on the size of
 our mortgage portfolio will have, and the amount of our
 administrative expenses will continue to have, a negative impact
 on our earnings in 2007. Similarly, any new or additional
 regulations that OFHEO may adopt in the future could adversely
 affect our future earnings and financial condition.

 26

Table of Contents

 The consent order also prohibits our Board of Directors from
 increasing the dividend at any time if payment of the increased
 dividend would reduce our capital surplus to less than the
 OFHEO-directed minimum capital requirement. In addition, the
 OFHEO consent order requires us to provide OFHEO with prior
 notice of any planned dividend and a description of the
 rationale for its payment.

 If we fail to comply with any of our agreements with OFHEO or
 with any OFHEO regulation, including those relating to our
 minimum, core, risk-based or OFHEO-directed capital, we may
 incur penalties and could be subject to further restrictions on
 our activities and operations, or to investigation and
 enforcement actions by OFHEO.

 Regulation by HUD and Charter Act limitations could adversely
 affect our results of operations.  HUD supervises
 our compliance with the Charter Act, which defines our
 permissible business activities. For example, we may not
 purchase single-family loans in excess of our conforming loan
 limits, which are set annually based on U.S. home prices.
 The conforming loan limit for a one-family mortgage loan in most
 geographic regions is currently $417,000. In addition, under the
 Charter Act, our business is limited to the U.S. housing
 finance sector. As a result of these limitations on our ability
 to diversify our operations, our financial condition and
 earnings depend almost entirely on conditions in a single sector
 of the U.S. economy, specifically, the U.S. housing
 market. Our substantial reliance on conditions in the
 U.S. housing market may adversely affect the investment
 returns we are able to generate. In addition, the Secretary of
 HUD must approve any new Fannie Mae conventional mortgage
 program that is significantly different from those approved or
 engaged in prior to the enactment of the 1992 Act. As a result,
 our ability to respond quickly to changes in market conditions
 by offering new programs in response to these changes is subject
 to HUD’s prior approval process. These restrictions on our
 business operations may negatively affect our ability to compete
 successfully with other companies in the mortgage industry from
 time to time, which in turn may reduce our market share, our
 earnings and our financial condition.

 HUD has established housing goals and subgoals for our business.
 HUD’s housing goals require that a specified portion of our
 business relate to the purchase or securitization of mortgage
 loans that finance housing for low- and moderate-income
 households, housing in underserved areas and qualified housing
 under the definition of special affordable housing. HUD has
 increased our housing goals through 2008, and has created
 purchase money mortgage subgoals that also increase through
 2008. These changes in our housing goals and subgoals and
 declining affordability have made it increasingly challenging to
 meet our housing goals and subgoals. If we do not meet any
 enforceable housing goal or subgoal, we may become subject to
 increased HUD oversight for the following year or be subject to
 civil money penalties.

 Our efforts to meet the increased housing goals and subgoals
 established by HUD for 2007 and future years may reduce our
 profitability. In order to obtain business that contributes to
 our housing goals and subgoals, we have made significant
 adjustments to our mortgage loan sourcing and purchase
 strategies. These strategies include entering into some purchase
 and securitization transactions with lower expected economic
 returns than our typical transactions. We have also relaxed some
 of our underwriting criteria to obtain goals-qualifying mortgage
 loans and increased our investments in higher-risk mortgage loan
 products that are more likely to serve the borrowers targeted by
 HUD’s goals and subgoals, which could further increase our
 credit losses.

 A
 decrease in our current credit ratings would have an adverse
 effect on our ability to issue debt on acceptable terms, which
 would reduce our liquidity and our earnings.

 Our borrowing costs and our broad access to the debt capital
 markets depend in large part on our high credit ratings,
 particularly on our senior unsecured debt. Our ratings are
 subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating
 agencies. Any reduction in our credit ratings could increase our
 borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets and
 trigger additional collateral requirements in derivative
 contracts and other borrowing arrangements. A substantial
 reduction in our credit ratings would reduce our earnings and
 materially adversely affect our liquidity, our ability to
 conduct our normal business operations and our competitive
 position. A description of our credit ratings and current
 ratings outlook is included in
 “Item 7—MD&A—Liquidity and Capital
 Management—Liquidity—Credit Ratings and Risk
 Ratings.”

 27

Table of Contents

 Material
 weaknesses and other control deficiencies relating to our
 internal control over financial reporting could result in errors
 in our reported results and could have a material adverse effect
 on our operations, investor confidence in our business and the
 trading prices of our securities.

 Management’s assessment of our internal control over
 financial reporting as of December 31, 2006 identified
 eight material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
 reporting. As described in “Item 9A—Controls and
 Procedures—Management’s Report on Internal Control
 Over Financial Reporting—Description of Material Weaknesses
 as of December 31, 2006,” we have not yet remediated
 material weaknesses in our application of GAAP relating to our
 accounting for certain 2006 securities sold under agreements to
 repurchase and certain 2006 securities purchased under
 agreements to resell, our financial reporting process, our
 information technology applications and infrastructure access
 controls, and our multifamily lender loss sharing modifications.
 Until they are remediated, these material weaknesses could lead
 to errors in our reported financial results and could have a
 material adverse effect on our operations, investor confidence
 in our business and the trading prices of our securities. In
 addition, we are not able at this time to file our periodic
 reports with the SEC on a timely basis. We believe that we will
 not have remediated the material weakness relating to our
 disclosure controls and procedures until we are able to file
 required reports with the SEC and the NYSE on a timely basis and
 have remediated all material weaknesses.

 In the future, we may identify further material weaknesses or
 significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial
 reporting that we have not discovered to date. In addition, we
 cannot be certain that we will be able to maintain adequate
 controls over our financial processes and reporting in the
 future.

 Our
 business faces significant operational risks and an operational
 failure could materially adversely affect our business and our
 operations.

 Shortcomings or failures in our internal processes, people or
 systems could have a material adverse effect on our risk
 management, liquidity, financial condition and results of
 operations; disrupt our business; and result in legislative or
 regulatory intervention, damage to our reputation and liability
 to customers. For example, our business is dependent on our
 ability to manage and process, on a daily basis, a large number
 of transactions across numerous and diverse markets. These
 transactions are subject to various legal and regulatory
 standards. We rely on the ability of our employees and our
 internal financial, accounting, cash management, data processing
 and other operating systems, as well as technological systems
 operated by third parties, to process these transactions and to
 manage our business. As a result of events that are wholly or
 partially beyond our control, these employees or third parties
 could engage in improper or unauthorized actions, or these
 systems could fail to operate properly. In the event of a
 breakdown in the operation of our or a third party’s
 systems, or improper actions by employees or third parties, we
 could experience financial losses, business disruptions, legal
 and regulatory sanctions, and reputational damage.

 Because we use a process of delegated underwriting (with lenders
 representing and warranting certain criteria) for the
 single-family mortgage loans we purchase and securitize, we do
 not independently verify most borrower information that is
 provided to us. This exposes us to mortgage fraud risk, which is
 the risk that one or more of the parties involved in a
 transaction (the borrower, seller, broker, appraiser, title
 agent, lender or servicer) will misrepresent the facts about a
 mortgage loan. We may experience financial losses and
 reputational damage as a result of mortgage fraud.

 In addition, our operations rely on the secure processing,
 storage and transmission of a large volume of private borrower
 information, such as names, residential addresses, social
 security numbers, credit rating data and other consumer
 financial information. Despite the protective measures we take
 to reduce the likelihood of information breaches, this
 information could be exposed in several ways, including through
 unauthorized access to our computer systems, employee error,
 computer viruses that attack our computer systems, software or
 networks, accidental delivery of information to an unauthorized
 party and loss of unencrypted media containing this information.
 Any of these events could result in significant financial
 losses, legal and regulatory sanctions, and reputational damage.

 28

Table of Contents

 Competition
 in the mortgage and financial services industries, and the need
 to develop, enhance, and
 implement strategies to adapt to changing trends in the mortgage
 industry and capital markets, may adversely affect our financial
 condition and earnings.

 We compete to acquire mortgage assets for our mortgage portfolio
 or to securitize mortgage assets into Fannie Mae MBS based on a
 number of factors, including our speed and reliability in
 closing transactions, our products and services, the liquidity
 of Fannie Mae MBS, our reputation and our pricing. We face
 competition in the secondary mortgage market from other GSEs and
 from large commercial banks, savings and loan institutions,
 securities dealers, investment funds, insurance companies and
 other financial institutions. In addition, increased
 consolidation within the financial services industry has created
 larger financial institutions, increasing pricing pressure. The
 recent decreased rate of growth in U.S. residential
 mortgage debt outstanding in 2006 and continuing into 2007 has
 also increased competition in the secondary mortgage market by
 decreasing the supply of new mortgage loans available for
 purchase.

 We also expect private-label issuers to provide increased
 competition to our HCD business through their use of CMBS, which
 often package loans secured by multifamily residential property
 together with higher yielding loans secured by commercial