This section identifies specific risks that should be considered
 carefully in evaluating our business. The risks described in
 “Company Risks” are specific to us and our business,
 while those described in “Risks Relating to Our
 Industry” relate to the industry in which we operate. Any
 of these risks could adversely affect our business, earnings,
 cash flows or financial condition. We believe that these risks
 represent the material risks relevant to us, our business and
 our industry, but new material risks to our business may emerge
 that we are currently unable to predict. The risks discussed
 below could cause our actual results to differ materially from
 our historical results or the results contemplated by the
 forward-looking statements contained in this report. Refer to
 “Part II—Item 7—MD&A—Risk
 Management” for a more detailed description of the primary
 risks to our business and how we seek to manage those risks.

 COMPANY
 RISKS

 Increased
 delinquencies and credit losses relating to the mortgage assets
 that we own or that back our guaranteed Fannie Mae MBS continue
 to adversely affect our earnings, financial condition and
 capital position.

 We are exposed to credit risk relating to both the mortgage
 assets that we hold in our investment portfolio and the mortgage
 assets that back our guaranteed Fannie Mae MBS. Borrowers of
 mortgage loans that we own or that back our guaranteed Fannie
 Mae MBS may fail to make required payments of principal and
 interest on those loans, exposing us to the risk of credit
 losses.

 We have experienced increased mortgage loan delinquencies and
 credit losses, which had a material adverse effect on our
 earnings, financial condition and capital position in 2007. Weak
 economic conditions in the Midwest and home price declines on a
 national basis, particularly in Florida, California, Nevada and
 Arizona, increased our single-family serious delinquency rate
 and contributed to higher default rates and loan loss severities
 in 2007. We are experiencing high serious delinquency rates and
 credit losses across our conventional single-family mortgage
 credit book of business, especially for loans to borrowers with
 low credit scores and loans with high loan-to-value
 (“LTV”) ratios. In addition, in 2007 we experienced
 particularly rapid increases in serious delinquency rates and
 credit losses in some higher risk loan categories, such as Alt-A
 loans, adjustable-rate loans, interest-only loans, negative
 amortization loans, loans made for the purchase of condominiums
 and loans with second liens. Many of these higher risk loans
 were originated in 2006 and the first half of 2007. Refer to
 “Part II—Item 7—MD&A—Risk
 Management—Credit Risk Management—Mortgage Credit Risk
 Management” for the percentage that each of these loan
 categories represents of our total conventional single-family
 mortgage credit book of business.

 We expect these trends to continue and that we will experience
 increased delinquencies and credit losses in 2008 as compared
 with 2007. The amount by which delinquencies and credit losses
 will increase in 2008 will depend on a variety of factors,
 including the extent of national and regional declines in home
 prices, interest rates and employment rates. In particular, we
 expect that the onset of a recession, either in the United
 States

 24

 as a whole or in specific regions of the country, would
 significantly increase the level of our delinquencies and credit
 losses. Increases in our credit-related expenses would reduce
 our earnings and adversely affect our capital position and
 financial condition.

 We may
 experience further write-downs and losses relating to our
 investment securities due to volatile and illiquid market
 conditions, which could adversely affect our earnings,
 liquidity, capital position and financial
 condition.

 During 2007, we experienced an increase in losses on trading
 securities and in unrealized losses on available-for-sale
 securities due to a significant widening of credit spreads. Our
 net losses on trading securities totaled $365 million in
 2007. In addition, we recorded $814 million in
 other-than-temporary impairment on available-for-sale securities
 in 2007. Of this amount, $160 million related to
 other-than-temporary impairment on our investments in subprime
 private-label securities. We also recorded in accumulated other
 comprehensive income (“AOCI”) an additional
 $3.3 billion in unrealized losses on Alt-A and subprime
 private-label securities classified as available-for-sale. We
 have not recognized other-than-temporary impairment with respect
 to these securities because we believe it is probable we will
 collect all of the contractual amounts due and we currently have
 the intent and ability to hold these securities until they
 recover their value or until maturity. As market conditions
 continue to evolve, however, the fair value of these securities
 could decline further. The credit ratings of some of the
 subprime and Alt-A private-label securities held in our
 portfolio have been downgraded or placed under review for
 possible downgrade in recent months. Mortgage loan delinquencies
 and credit losses have also increased in recent months,
 particularly in the subprime and Alt-A sectors. If, in the
 future, we determine that additional subprime and Alt-A
 private-label securities classified as available-for-sale and in
 unrealized loss positions have become other-than-temporarily
 impaired, or if we change our investment intent with respect to
 these securities and no longer expect to hold the securities
 until they recover their value or until maturity, we would
 experience further significant losses or other-than-temporary
 impairment relating to these securities. See
 “Part II—Item 7—MD&A—Consolidated
 Balance Sheet Analysis—Investments in Alt-A and Subprime
 Mortgage-Related Securities” for more detailed information
 on our investments in private-label securities backed by
 subprime and Alt-A loans.

 The significant widening of credit spreads that has occurred
 since July 2007 also could further reduce the fair value of our
 other investment securities, particularly those securities that
 are less liquid and more subject to volatility, such as
 commercial mortgage-backed securities and mortgage revenue
 bonds. As a result, we also could experience further significant
 losses or other-than-temporary impairment on other investment
 securities in our mortgage portfolio or our liquid investment
 portfolio.

 In addition, market illiquidity has increased the amount of
 management judgment required to value certain of our securities.
 Subsequent valuations, in light of factors then prevailing, may
 result in significant changes in the value of our investment
 securities in the future. If we decide to sell any of these
 securities, the price we ultimately realize will depend on the
 demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be
 materially lower than their current fair value. Any of these
 factors could require us to take further write-downs in the
 value of our investment portfolio, which would have an adverse
 effect on our earnings, liquidity, capital position and
 financial condition in the future.

 Continued
 declines in our earnings would have a negative effect on our
 regulatory capital position.

 We are required to meet various capital standards, including a
 requirement that our core capital equal or exceed both our
 statutory minimum capital requirement and a higher
 OFHEO-directed minimum capital requirement. Our retained
 earnings are a component of our core capital. Accordingly, the
 level of our core capital can fluctuate significantly depending
 on our financial results. We recorded a net loss of
 $2.1 billion in 2007. We expect some or all of the market
 conditions that contributed to this loss to continue and
 therefore to continue to adversely affect our earnings and, as a
 result, the amount of our core capital. In order to continue to
 meet our statutory and OFHEO-directed minimum capital
 requirements, we may be required to take actions, or refrain
 from taking actions, to ensure that we maintain or increase our
 core capital. These actions have included, and in the future may
 include, reducing the size of our investment portfolio through
 liquidations or by selling assets at a time when we believe that
 it would be economically advantageous to continue to hold

 25

 the assets, limiting or forgoing attractive opportunities to
 acquire or securitize assets, reducing or eliminating our common
 stock dividend, and issuing additional preferred equity
 securities, which in general is a more expensive method of
 funding our operations than issuing debt securities. We also may
 issue convertible preferred securities or additional shares of
 common stock to maintain or increase our core capital, which we
 expect would dilute the investment in the company of the
 existing holders of our common stock. These actions also may
 reduce our future earnings.

 We
 depend on our institutional counterparties to provide services
 that are critical to our business. If one or more of our
 institutional counterparties defaults on its obligations to us
 or becomes insolvent, it could materially adversely affect our
 earnings, liquidity, capital position and financial
 condition.

 We face the risk that one or more of our institutional
 counterparties may fail to fulfill their contractual obligations
 to us. Our primary exposures to institutional counterparty risk
 are with: mortgage servicers that service the loans we hold in
 our investment portfolio or that back our Fannie Mae MBS;
 third-party providers of credit enhancement on the mortgage
 assets that we hold in our investment portfolio or that back our
 Fannie Mae MBS, including mortgage insurers, lenders with risk
 sharing arrangements, and financial guarantors; custodial
 depository institutions that hold principal and interest
 payments for Fannie Mae MBS certificateholders; issuers of
 securities held in our liquid investment portfolio; and
 derivatives counterparties. Refer to
 “Part II—Item 7—MD&A—Risk
 Management—Credit Risk Management—Institutional
 Counterparty Credit Risk Management” for a detailed
 description of the risk posed by each of these types of
 counterparties.

 The challenging mortgage and credit market conditions have
 adversely affected, and will likely continue to adversely
 affect, the liquidity and financial condition of a number of our
 institutional counterparties, particularly those whose
 businesses are concentrated in the mortgage industry. One or
 more of these institutions may default in its obligations to us
 for a number of reasons, such as changes in financial condition
 that affect their credit ratings, a reduction in liquidity,
 operational failures or insolvency. Several of our institutional
 counterparties have experienced ratings downgrades and liquidity
 constraints, including Countrywide Financial Corporation and its
 affiliates, which is our largest lender customer and mortgage
 servicer. These and other key institutional counterparties may
 become subject to serious liquidity problems that, either
 temporarily or permanently, negatively affect the viability of
 their business plans or reduce their access to funding sources.
 The financial difficulties that a number of our institutional
 counterparties are currently experiencing may negatively affect
 the ability of these counterparties to meet their obligations to
 us and the amount or quality of the products or services they
 provide to us. A default by a counterparty with significant
 obligations to us could result in significant financial losses
 to us and could materially adversely affect our ability to
 conduct our operations, which would adversely affect our
 earnings, liquidity, capital position and financial condition.

 Our
 business with many of our institutional counterparties is
 heavily concentrated, which increases the risk that we could
 experience significant losses if one or more of our
 institutional counterparties defaults in its obligations to us
 or becomes insolvent.

 Our business with our lender customers, mortgage servicers,
 mortgage insurers, financial guarantors, custodial depository
 institutions and derivatives counterparties is heavily
 concentrated. For example, ten single-family mortgage servicers
 serviced 74% of our single-family mortgage credit book of
 business as of December 31, 2007. In addition, Countrywide
 Financial Corporation and its affiliates, our largest
 single-family mortgage servicer, serviced 23% of our
 single-family mortgage credit book of business as of
 December 31, 2007. Also, seven mortgage insurance companies
 provided over 99% of our total mortgage insurance coverage of
 $104.1 billion as of December 31, 2007, and our ten
 largest custodial depository institutions held 89% of our
 $32.5 billion in deposits for scheduled MBS payments in
 December 2007.

 Moreover, many of our counterparties provide several types of
 services to us. For example, many of our lender customers or
 their affiliates also act as mortgage servicers, custodial
 depository institutions and document custodians for us.
 Accordingly, if one of these counterparties were to become
 insolvent or otherwise default on its obligations to us, it
 could harm our business and financial results in a variety of
 ways. A default by any counterparty with significant obligations
 to us could adversely affect our ability to conduct our
 operations

 26

 efficiently and at cost-effective rates, which in turn could
 materially adversely affect our earnings, liquidity, capital
 position and financial condition. Refer to
 “Part II—Item 7—MD&A—Risk
 Management—Credit Risk Management—Institutional
 Counterparty Credit Risk Management” for a detailed
 description of our business concentrations with each type of
 counterparty.

 We
 have several key lender customers, and the loss of business
 volume from any one of these customers could adversely affect
 our business and result in a decrease in our market share and
 earnings.

 Our ability to generate revenue from the purchase and
 securitization of mortgage loans depends on our ability to
 acquire a steady flow of mortgage loans from the originators of
 those loans. We acquire a significant portion of our mortgage
 loans from several large mortgage lenders. During 2007, our top
 five lender customers accounted for approximately 56% of our
 single-family business volume. Accordingly, maintaining our
 current business relationships and business volumes with our top
 lender customers is critical to our business. Some of our lender
 customers are experiencing, or may experience in the future,
 liquidity problems that would affect the volume of business they
 are able to generate. If any of our key lender customers
 significantly reduces the volume or quality of mortgage loans
 that the lender delivers to us or that we are willing to buy
 from them, we could lose significant business volume that we
 might be unable to replace, which could adversely affect our
 business and result in a decrease in our market share and
 earnings. In addition, a significant reduction in the volume of
 mortgage loans that we securitize could reduce the liquidity of
 Fannie Mae MBS, which in turn could have an adverse effect on
 their market value.

 Our largest lender customer, Countrywide Financial Corporation
 and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 28% of our
 single-family business volume during 2007. In January 2008, Bank
 of America Corporation announced that it had reached an
 agreement to purchase Countrywide Financial Corporation.
 Together, Bank of America and Countrywide accounted for
 approximately 32% of our single-family business volume in 2007.
 We cannot predict at this time whether or when this merger will
 be completed and what effect the merger, if completed, will have
 on our relationship with Countrywide and Bank of America.
 Following the merger, we could lose significant business volume
 that we might be unable to replace, which could adversely affect
 our business and result in a decrease in our earnings and market
 share.

 Changes
 in option-adjusted spreads or interest rates, or our inability
 to manage interest rate risk successfully, could have a material
 adverse effect on our earnings, liquidity, capital position and
 financial condition.

 We fund our operations primarily through the issuance of debt
 and invest our funds primarily in mortgage-related assets that
 permit the mortgage borrowers to prepay the mortgages at any
 time. These business activities expose us to market risk, which
 is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market conditions.
 Our most significant market risks are interest rate risk and
 option-adjusted spread risk. Changes in interest rates affect
 both the value of our mortgage assets and prepayment rates on
 our mortgage loans.

 Option-adjusted spread risk is the risk that the option-adjusted
 spreads on our mortgage assets relative to those on our funding
 and hedging instruments (referred to as the “OAS of our net
 mortgage assets”) may increase or decrease. These increases
 or decreases may be a result of market supply and demand
 dynamics. A widening, or increase, of the OAS of our net
 mortgage assets typically causes a decline in the fair value of
 the company and a decrease in our earnings and capital. A
 narrowing, or decrease, of the OAS of our net mortgage assets
 reduces our opportunities to acquire mortgage assets and
 therefore could have a material adverse effect on our future
 earnings and financial condition. We do not attempt to actively
 manage or hedge the impact of changes in the OAS of our net
 mortgage assets after we purchase mortgage assets, other than
 through asset monitoring and disposition.

 Changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect
 on our earnings, liquidity, capital position and financial
 condition. Our ability to manage interest rate risk depends on
 our ability to issue debt instruments with a range of maturities
 and other features at attractive rates and to engage in
 derivative transactions. We must exercise judgment in selecting
 the amount, type and mix of debt and derivative instruments that
 will most effectively manage our interest rate risk. The amount,
 type and mix of financial instruments we select

 27

 may not offset possible future changes in the spread between our
 borrowing costs and the interest we earn on our mortgage assets.

 We
 rely on internal models to manage risk and to make business
 decisions. Our business could be adversely affected if those
 models fail to produce reliable results.

 We make significant use of business and financial models to
 measure and monitor our risk exposures. The information provided
 by these models is also used in making business decisions
 relating to strategies, initiatives, transactions and products.
 Models are inherently imperfect predictors of actual results
 because they are based on data available to us and our
 assumptions about factors such as future loan demand, prepayment
 speeds, default rates, severity rates and other factors that may
 overstate or understate future experience. When market
 conditions change rapidly and dramatically, as they have since
 July of 2007, the assumptions that we use for our models may not
 keep pace with changing conditions. Incorrect data or
 assumptions in our models are likely to produce unreliable
 results. If our models fail to produce reliable results, we may
 not make appropriate risk management or business decisions,
 which could adversely affect our earnings, liquidity, capital
 position and financial condition.

 In
 many cases, our accounting policies and methods, which are
 fundamental to how we report our financial condition and results
 of operations, require management to make judgments and
 estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
 Management also may rely on the use of models in making
 estimates about these matters.

 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we
 record and report our financial condition and results of
 operations. Our management must exercise judgment in applying
 many of these accounting policies and methods so that these
 policies and methods comply with GAAP and reflect
 management’s judgment of the most appropriate manner to
 report our financial condition and results of operations. In
 some cases, management must select the appropriate accounting
 policy or method from two or more alternatives, any of which
 might be reasonable under the circumstances but might affect the
 amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses that we
 report. See “Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements—Note 1, Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies” for a description of our significant accounting
 policies.

 We have identified three accounting policies as critical to the
 presentation of our financial condition and results of
 operations. These accounting policies are described in
 “Part II—Item 7—MD&A—Critical
 Accounting Policies and Estimates.” We believe these
 policies are critical because they require management to make
 particularly subjective or complex judgments about matters that
 are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that
 materially different amounts would be reported under different
 conditions or using different assumptions. Due to the complexity
 of these critical accounting policies, our accounting methods
 relating to these policies involve substantial use of models.
 Models are inherently imperfect predictors of actual results
 because they are based on assumptions, including assumptions
 about future events. Our models may not include assumptions that
 reflect very positive or very negative market conditions and,
 accordingly, our actual results could differ significantly from
 those generated by our models. As a result, the estimates that
 we use to prepare our financial statements, as well as our
 estimates of our future results of operations, may be
 inaccurate, potentially significantly.

 Our
 ability to operate our business, meet our obligations and
 generate net interest income depends primarily on our ability to
 issue substantial amounts of debt frequently and at attractive
 rates.

 The issuance of short-term and long-term debt securities in the
 domestic and international capital markets is our primary source
 of funding for our purchases of assets for our mortgage
 portfolio and for repaying or refinancing our existing debt.
 Moreover, a primary source of our revenue is the net interest
 income we earn from the difference, or spread, between the
 return that we receive on our mortgage assets and our borrowing
 costs. Our ability to obtain funds through the issuance of debt,
 and the cost at which we are able to obtain these funds, depends
 on many factors, including:

 • 

 our corporate and regulatory structure, including our status as
 a GSE;

 28

 • 

 legislative or regulatory actions relating to our business,
 including any actions that would affect our GSE status or add
 additional requirements that would restrict or reduce our
 ability to issue debt;

 • 

 our credit ratings, including rating agency actions relating to
 our credit ratings;

 • 

 our financial results and changes in our financial condition;

 • 

 significant events relating to our business or industry;

 • 

 the public’s perception of the risks to and financial
 prospects of our business or industry;

 • 

 the preferences of debt investors;

 • 

 the breadth of our investor base;

 • 

 prevailing conditions in the capital markets;

 • 

 foreign exchange rates;

 • 

 interest rate fluctuations;

 • 

 the rate of inflation;

 • 

 competition from other issuers of AAA-rated agency debt;

 • 

 general economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad; and

 • 

 broader trade and political considerations among the
 U.S. and other countries.

 If we are unable to issue debt securities at attractive rates in
 amounts sufficient to operate our business and meet our
 obligations, it would have a material adverse effect on our
 liquidity, earnings and financial condition.

 A
 decrease in our current credit ratings would have an adverse
 effect on our ability to issue debt on acceptable terms, which
 would reduce our earnings and materially adversely affect our
 ability to conduct our normal business operations and our
 liquidity and financial condition.

 Our borrowing costs and our broad access to the debt capital
 markets depend in large part on our high credit ratings,
 particularly on our senior unsecured debt. Our ratings are
 subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating
 agencies. Any reduction in our credit ratings could increase our
 borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets and
 trigger additional collateral requirements under our derivatives
 contracts and other borrowing arrangements. A substantial
 reduction in our credit ratings would reduce our earnings and
 materially adversely affect our liquidity, our ability to
 conduct our normal business operations and our financial
 condition. Our credit ratings and ratings outlook is included in
 “Part II—Item 7—MD&A—Liquidity
 and Capital Management—Liquidity—Credit Ratings and
 Risk Ratings.”

 Our
 business is subject to laws and regulations that restrict our
 activities and operations, which may adversely affect our
 earnings, liquidity and financial condition.

 As a federally chartered corporation, we are subject to the
 limitations imposed by the Charter Act, extensive regulation,
 supervision and examination by OFHEO and HUD, and regulation by
 other federal agencies, including the Department of the Treasury
 and the SEC. We are also subject to many laws and regulations
 that affect our business, including those regarding taxation and
 privacy. In addition, the policy, approach or regulatory
 philosophy of these agencies can materially affect our business.

 Regulation by OFHEO could adversely affect our earnings and
 financial condition.  OFHEO has broad authority to
 regulate our operations and management in order to ensure our
 financial safety and soundness. For example, pursuant to our
 consent order with OFHEO, we currently may not increase our net
 mortgage portfolio assets above a specified amount that is
 adjusted on a quarterly basis, and we are required to maintain a
 30% capital surplus over our statutory minimum capital
 requirement. These restrictions limit the amount of mortgage
 assets that we are able to purchase and securitize, which limits
 our ability to grow our mortgage credit book of business. As a
 result, these restrictions could negatively impact our earnings.
 Similarly, any new or additional regulations that OFHEO may
 adopt in the future could adversely affect our future earnings
 and

 29

 financial condition. If we fail to comply with any of our
 agreements with OFHEO or with any OFHEO regulation, including
 those relating to our capital requirements, we may incur
 penalties and could be subject to further restrictions on our
 activities and operations, or to investigation and enforcement
 actions by OFHEO.

 Regulation by HUD and Charter Act limitations could adversely
 affect our market share, earnings and financial
 condition.  HUD supervises our compliance with the
 Charter Act, which defines our permissible business activities.
 For example, we may not purchase single-family loans in excess
 of the conforming loan limits. In addition, under the Charter
 Act, our business is limited to the U.S. housing finance
 sector. As a result of these limitations on our ability to
 diversify our operations, our financial condition and earnings
 depend almost entirely on conditions in a single sector of the
 U.S. economy, specifically, the U.S. housing market.
 Our substantial reliance on conditions in the U.S. housing
 market may adversely affect the investment returns we are able
 to generate. In addition, the Secretary of HUD must approve any
 new Fannie Mae conventional mortgage program that is
 significantly different from those that we engaged in or that
 had been approved prior to the enactment of the 1992 Act. As a
 result, our ability to respond quickly to changes in market
 conditions by offering new programs designed to respond to these
 changes is subject to HUD’s prior approval process. These
 restrictions on our business operations may negatively affect
 our ability to compete successfully with other companies in the
 mortgage industry from time to time, which in turn may reduce
 our market share, our earnings and our financial condition.

 HUD has established housing goals and subgoals for our business.
 HUD’s housing goals require that a specified portion of our
 mortgage purchases during each calendar year relate to the
 purchase or securitization of mortgage loans that finance
 housing for low- and moderate-income households, housing in
 underserved areas and qualified housing under the definition of
 special affordable housing. Most of these goals and subgoals
 have increased in 2008 over 2007 levels. These increases in goal
 levels and recent housing and mortgage market conditions,
 particularly the significant changes in the housing market that
 began in the third quarter of 2007, have made it increasingly
 challenging to meet our housing goals and subgoals. If we do not
 meet any housing goal or enforceable subgoal, we may become
 subject to increased HUD oversight for the following year or be
 subject to civil money penalties.

 In addition, our efforts to meet the housing goals and subgoals
 established by HUD have reduced our profitability. In order to
 obtain business that contributes to our housing goals and
 subgoals, we made significant adjustments to our mortgage loan
 acquisition strategies during the past several years. These
 strategies included entering into some purchase and
 securitization transactions with lower expected economic returns
 than our typical transactions. We also relaxed some of our
 eligibility criteria to obtain goals-qualifying mortgage loans
 and increased our investments in higher risk mortgage loan
 products that were more likely to serve the borrowers targeted
 by HUD’s goals and subgoals. These efforts to meet our
 housing goals and subgoals often result in our acquisition of
 higher risk loans, and we typically incur proportionately more
 credit losses on these loans than on other types of loans.
 Accordingly, these efforts contributed to our higher credit
 losses in 2007 and may lead to further increases in our credit
 losses.

 Regulation by the Department of the Treasury could adversely
 affect our liquidity, earnings and financial
 condition.  We are subject to regulation by the
 Department of the Treasury. In June 2006, the Department of the
 Treasury announced that it would undertake a review of its
 process for approving our issuances of debt, which could
 adversely impact our flexibility in issuing debt securities in
 the future, including our ability to issue securities that are
 responsive to the marketplace. Because our ability to operate
 our business, meet our obligations and generate net interest
 income depends primarily on our ability to issue substantial
 amounts of debt frequently, any limitations on our ability to
 issue debt could adversely affect our liquidity, earnings and
 financial condition. We cannot predict whether the outcome of
 this review will materially impact our current business
 activities.

 Legislation
 that would change the regulation of our business could, if
 enacted, reduce our competitiveness and adversely affect our
 liquidity, earnings and financial condition.

 The U.S. Congress continues to consider legislation that,
 if enacted, could materially restrict our operations and
 adversely affect our liquidity, earnings and financial
 condition. In May 2007, the House of Representatives

 30

 approved a bill, H.R. 1427, that would establish a new,
 independent regulator for us and the other GSEs, with broad
 authority over both safety and soundness and mission. The bill,
 if enacted into law, would:

 • 

 authorize the regulator to establish standards for measuring the
 composition and growth of our mortgage investment portfolio;

 • 

 authorize the regulator to increase the level of our required
 capital, to the extent needed to ensure safety and soundness;

 • 

 require prior regulatory approval and a
 30-day
 public notice and comment period for all new products;

 • 

 restructure the housing goals and change the method for
 enforcing compliance;

 • 

 authorize, and in some instances require, the appointment of a
 receiver if we become critically undercapitalized; and

 • 

 require us and Freddie Mac to contribute a percentage of our
 book of business—the sponsor of the bill has estimated a
 total contribution by us and Freddie Mac combined of
 $500 million to $600 million per year—to a fund
 to support affordable housing.

 In addition, in October 2007, the House passed H.R. 2895, a bill
 to establish a National Affordable Housing Trust Fund to
 support housing that is affordable to low-income families. This
 Trust Fund would consist in part of amounts provided by us
 and Freddie Mac under the affordable housing fund provisions of
 H.R. 1427. H.R. 2895 does not seek to impose any new obligations
 on us that do not already exist under H.R. 1427 and is dependent
 upon passage of H.R. 1427 for funding.

 As of the date of this filing, the only comprehensive GSE reform
 bill that has been introduced in the Senate is S. 1100. This
 bill is substantially similar to a bill that was approved by the
 Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs in July
 2005, and differs from H.R. 1427 in a number of respects. It is
 expected that a version of GSE reform legislation more similar
 to H.R. 1427 could be introduced in the Senate, but the timing
 is uncertain. Further, we cannot predict the content of any
 Senate bill that may be introduced or its prospects for
 Committee approval or passage by the full Senate.

 In addition, S. 2391, the “GSE Mission Improvement
 Act,” has been introduced in the Senate. This bill would
 establish an affordable housing program funded by us and Freddie
 Mac. The sponsor of the bill has estimated our combined payment
 under the bill to be $500 million to $900 million per
 year. The bill would also modify our affordable housing goals
 and create a new statutory duty to serve specified underserved
 markets.

 Enactment of legislation similar to these bills could
 significantly increase the costs of our compliance with
 regulatory requirements and limit our ability to compete
 effectively in the market, resulting in a material adverse
 effect on our liquidity, earnings and financial condition. We
 cannot predict the prospects for the enactment, timing or
 content of any congressional legislation, or the impact that any
 enacted legislation could have on our liquidity, earnings or
 financial condition.

 We
 must evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated
 with our deferred tax assets quarterly. In the future, we may be
 required to record a material expense to establish a valuation
 allowance against our deferred tax assets, which likely would
 materially adversely affect our earnings, financial condition
 and capital position.

 As of December 31, 2007, we had approximately
 $13.0 billion in net deferred tax assets on our
 consolidated balance sheet that we must evaluate for realization
 on a quarterly basis under Statement of Financial Accounting
 Standards (“SFAS”) No. 109, Accounting for
 Income Taxes (“SFAS 109”). Deferred tax
 assets refer to assets on our consolidated balance sheets that
 relate to amounts that may be used to reduce any subsequent
 period’s income tax expense. Consequently, our ability to
 use these deferred tax assets in future periods depends on our
 ability to generate sufficient taxable income in the future.

 If, in a future period, negative evidence regarding our ability
 to realize our deferred tax assets (such as a reduction in our
 projected future taxable income) outweighed positive evidence,
 we could be required to

 31

 record a material expense to establish a valuation allowance
 against our deferred tax assets at that time. Recording a
 material expense of this type would likely have a material
 adverse effect on our earnings, financial condition and capital
 position. Refer to “Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements—Note 11, Income Taxes” for a
 description of our deferred tax assets.

 Our
 business faces significant operational risks and an operational
 failure could materially adversely affect our business and our
 operations.

 Shortcomings or failures in our internal processes, people or
 systems could have a material adverse effect on our risk
 management, liquidity, financial condition and results of
 operations; disrupt our business; and result in legislative or
 regulatory intervention, damage to our reputation and liability
 to customers. For example, our business is dependent on our
 ability to manage and process, on a daily basis, a large number
 of transactions across numerous and diverse markets. These
 transactions are subject to various legal and regulatory
 standards. We rely on the ability of our employees and our
 internal financial, accounting, cash management, data processing
 and other operating systems, as well as technological systems
 operated by third parties, to process these transactions and to
 manage our business. Due to events that are wholly or partially
 beyond our control, these employees or third parties could
 engage in improper or unauthorized actions, or these systems
 could fail to operate properly, which could lead to financial
 losses, business disruptions, legal and regulatory sanctions,
 and reputational damage.

 Mortgage
 fraud could result in significant financial losses and harm to
 our reputation.

 Because we use a process of delegated underwriting in which
 lenders make specific representations and warranties about the
 characteristics of the single-family mortgage loans we purchase
 and securitize, we do not independently verify most borrower
 information that is provided to us. This exposes us to the risk
 that one or more of the parties involved in a transaction (the
 borrower, seller, broker, appraiser, title agent, lender or
 servicer) will engage in fraud by misrepresenting facts about a
 mortgage loan. We may experience significant financial losses
 and reputational damage as a result of mortgage fraud.

 We
 maintain a large volume of private borrower information. If this
 information is inadvertently exposed, it could result in
 significant financial losses, legal and regulatory sanctions,
 and harm to our reputation.

 Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and
 transmission of a large volume of private borrower information,
 such as names, residential addresses, social security numbers,
 credit rating data and other consumer financial information.
 Despite the protective measures we take to reduce the likelihood
 of information breaches, this information could be exposed in
 several ways, including through unauthorized access to our
 computer systems, employee error, computer viruses that attack
 our computer systems, software or networks, accidental delivery
 of information to an unauthorized party and loss of unencrypted
 media containing this information. Any of these events could
 result in significant financial losses, legal and regulatory
 sanctions, and reputational damage.

 Future
 material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
 reporting could result in errors in our reported results and
 could have a material adverse effect on our operations, investor
 confidence in our business and the trading prices of our
 securities.

 During 2007, we remediated eight material weaknesses in our
 internal control over financial reporting that existed as of
 December 31, 2006, as described in
 “Part II—Item 9A—Controls and
 Procedures” and in our quarterly report on
 Form 10-Q
 for the quarter ended September 30, 2007. In order to
 remediate these material weaknesses, we implemented many new
 processes and reporting procedures in 2007. We may not
 effectively maintain these new controls. Remediated material
 weaknesses could recur, or we could identify new material
 weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control
 over financial reporting that we have not identified to date.
 Any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
 reporting could result in errors in our reported results and
 have a material adverse effect on our operations, investor
 confidence in our business and the trading prices of our
 securities.

 32

 Competition
 in the mortgage and financial services industries may adversely
 affect our earnings and financial condition.

 We compete to acquire mortgage assets for our mortgage portfolio
 or to securitize mortgage assets into Fannie Mae MBS based on a
 number of factors, including our speed and reliability in
 closing transactions, our products and services, the liquidity
 of Fannie Mae MBS, our reputation and our pricing. We face
 competition in the secondary mortgage market from other GSEs and
 from commercial banks, savings and loan institutions, securities
 dealers, investment funds, insurance companies and other
 financial institutions. In addition, increased consolidation
 within the financial services industry has created larger
 financial institutions, increasing pricing pressure. This
 competition may adversely affect our earnings and financial
 condition.

 If we
 are unable to develop, enhance and implement strategies to adapt
 to changing conditions in the mortgage industry and capital
 markets, our earnings and financial condition may be adversely
 affected.

 The manner in which we compete and the products for which we
 compete are affected by changing conditions in the mortgage
 industry and capital markets. If we do not effectively respond
 to these changes, or if our strategies to respond to these
 changes are not as successful as our prior business strategies,
 our earnings and financial condition could be adversely
 affected. Additionally, we may not be able to execute any new or
 enhanced strategies that we adopt to address changing conditions
 and, even if fully implemented, these strategies may not
 increase our earnings due to factors beyond our control.

 We are
 subject to pending civil litigation that, if decided against us,
 could require us to pay substantial judgments, settlements or
 other penalties.

 We are a party to several lawsuits that, if decided against us,
 could require us to pay substantial judgments, settlements or
 other penalties, including: a consolidated shareholder class
 action lawsuit relating to our accounting restatement; a
 proposed consolidated class action lawsuit alleging violations
 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
 (“ERISA”); a proposed class action lawsuit alleging
 violations of federal and state antitrust laws and state
 consumer protection laws in connection with the setting of our
 guaranty fees; and a proposed class action lawsuit alleging that
 we violated purported fiduciary duties with respect to certain
 escrow accounts for FHA-insured multifamily mortgage loans. We
 are unable at this time to estimate our potential liability in
 these matters, but may be required to pay substantial judgments,
 settlements or other penalties and incur significant expenses in
 connection with these lawsuits, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our earnings, liquidity and financial
 condition. More information regarding these lawsuits is included
 in “Item 3—Legal Proceedings” and
 “Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements—Note 20, Commitments and
 Contingencies.”

 RISKS
 RELATING TO OUR INDUSTRY

 A
 continuing, or broader, decline in U.S. home prices or in
 activity in the U.S. housing market could negatively impact our
 earnings, capital position and financial
 condition.

 The continued deterioration of the U.S. housing market and
 national decline in home prices in 2007, along with the expected
 continued decline in 2008, are likely to result in increased
 delinquencies or defaults on the mortgage assets we own and that
 back our guaranteed Fannie Mae MBS. Further, the features of a
 significant portion of mortgage loans made in recent years,
 including loans with adjustable interest rates that may reset to
 higher payments either once or throughout their term, and loans
 that were made based on limited or no credit or income
 documentation, also increase the likelihood of future increases
 in delinquencies or defaults on mortgage loans. An increase in
 delinquencies or defaults will result in a higher level of
 credit losses and credit-related expenses, which in turn will
 reduce our earnings and adversely affect our capital position.
 Higher credit losses and credit-related expenses also could
 adversely affect our financial condition.

 Our business volume is affected by the rate of growth in total
 U.S. residential mortgage debt outstanding and the size of
 the U.S. residential mortgage market. Recently, the rate of
 growth in total U.S. residential mortgage debt outstanding
 has slowed sharply in response to the reduced activity in the
 housing market and national declines in home prices. Total
 mortgage originations declined by an estimated 10% in 2007 from
 $2.8 trillion

 33

 in 2006 to $2.5 trillion in 2007. A decline in the rate of
 growth in mortgage debt outstanding reduces the number of
 mortgage loans available for us to purchase or securitize, which
 in turn could lead to a reduction in our net interest income and
 guaranty fee income. If we do not continue to increase our share
 of the secondary mortgage market, this decline in mortgage
 originations could adversely affect our earnings and financial
 condition.

 Changes
 in general market and economic conditions in the United States
 and abroad may adversely affect our earnings and financial
 condition.

 Our earnings and financial condition may be adversely affected
 by changes in general market and economic conditions in the
 United States and abroad. These conditions include short-term
 and long-term interest rates, the value of the U.S. dollar
 compared with the value of foreign currencies, the rate of
 inflation, fluctuations in both the debt and equity capital
 markets, employment growth and unemployment rates, and the
 strength of the U.S. national economy and local economies
 in the United States and economies of other countries with
 investors that hold our debt. These conditions are beyond our
 control and may change suddenly and dramatically.

 Changes in market and economic conditions could adversely affect
 us in many ways, including the following:

 • 

 fluctuations in the global debt and equity capital markets,
 including sudden and unexpected changes in short-term or
 long-term interest rates, could decrease the fair value of our
 mortgage assets, derivatives positions and other investments,
 negatively affect our ability to issue debt at attractive rates,
 and reduce our net interest income; and

 • 

 a recession or other economic downturn, or rising unemployment,
 in the United States, either as a whole or in specific regions
 of the country, could decrease homeowner demand for mortgage
 loans and increase the number of homeowners who become
 delinquent or default on their mortgage loans. An increase in
 delinquencies or defaults would likely result in a higher level
 of credit losses and credit-related expenses, which would reduce
 our earnings. Also, decreased homeowner demand for mortgage
 loans could reduce our guaranty fee income, net interest income
 and the fair value of our mortgage assets. A recession or other
 economic downturn could also increase the risk that our
 counterparties will default on their obligations to us or become
 insolvent, resulting in a reduction in our earnings and thereby
 adversely affecting our capital position and financial condition.

 Our
 business is subject to uncertainty as a result of the current
 disruption in the housing and mortgage markets.

 We expect the current disruption in the housing and mortgage
 markets to continue and worsen in 2008. The disruption has
 adversely affected the U.S. economy in general and the
 housing and mortgage markets in particular and likely will
 continue to do so. In addition, a variety of legislative,
 regulatory and other proposals have been or may be introduced in
 an effort to address the disruption. Depending on the scope and
 nature of legislative, regulatory or other initiatives, if any,
 that are adopted to respond to this disruption, our earnings,
 liquidity, capital position and financial condition could be
 adversely affected.

 Defaults
 by a large financial institution could adversely affect our
 business and financial markets generally.

 We routinely enter into a high volume of transactions with
 counterparties in the financial services industry. The financial
 soundness of many financial institutions may be closely
 interrelated as a result of credit, trading or other
 relationships between the institutions. As a result, concerns
 about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution
 could lead to significant market-wide liquidity problems, losses
 or defaults by other institutions. This may adversely affect
 financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing
 houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which we
 interact on a daily basis, and therefore could adversely affect
 our business.

 34

 The
 occurrence of a major natural or other disaster in the United
 States could increase our delinquency rates and credit losses or
 disrupt our business operations and lead to financial
 losses.

 The occurrence of a major natural disaster, terrorist attack or
 health epidemic in the United States could increase our
 delinquency rates and credit losses in the affected region or
 regions, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 earnings, liquidity and financial condition. For example, we
 experienced an increase in our delinquency rates and credit
 losses in 2005 as a result of Hurricane Katrina.

 The contingency plans and facilities that we have in place may
 be insufficient to prevent a disruption in the infrastructure
 that supports our business and the communities in which we are
 located from having an adverse effect on our ability to conduct
 business. Substantially all of our senior management and
 investment personnel work out of our offices in the Washington,
 DC metropolitan area. If a disruption occurs and our senior
 management or other employees are unable to occupy our offices,
 communicate with other personnel or travel to other locations,
 our ability to service and interact with each other and with our
 customers may suffer, and we may not be successful in
 implementing contingency plans that depend on communication or
 travel.