The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts, including, but not
limited to, statements regarding our expected financial position, results of operations, business and financing plans found in Item 1. Business and Item 7. Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, constitute forward-looking statements within 

26

Table of Contents

the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. The words "may", "believes", "expects", "plans", "intends", "anticipates" and
similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The actual results of the future events described in such forward-looking statements could differ materially from those stated in such
forward-looking statements. 

        Our
actual results may differ materially due to the risks and uncertainties discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those discussed below. Accordingly,
readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K should consider these factors in evaluating, and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on, the forward-looking statements contained
herein. We
undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

 Relating to Our Business 

The deterioration in the global economic environment, and resulting declines in consumer confidence and spending, could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

        The global economic environment has been challenging during the past several years. Depressed real estate values, reduced lending by
banks, solvency concerns of major financial institutions and certain foreign countries and high levels of unemployment have negatively impacted the level of consumer spending for discretionary items.
This has affected our business as it is dependent on consumer demand for our products. Although we have seen a slight improvement in the overall economy recently, global economic conditions,
particularly in Europe, remain fragile, and the possibility remains that the domestic or global economies, or certain industry sectors of those economies that are key to our sales, may continue to be
slow or could further deteriorate, which could result in a corresponding decrease in demand for our products and negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. In particular,
during fiscal 2012, we derived 24.4% of our net sales from our Europe wholesale segment. Any adverse change in the European economy could materially impact our net sales. 

The effects of economic cycles, terrorism, acts of war and retail industry conditions may adversely affect our business. 

        Our business is subject to economic cycles and retail industry conditions. Purchases of discretionary fashion accessories, such as our
watches, handbags, sunglasses and other products, tend to decline during recessionary periods when disposable income is low and consumers are hesitant to use available credit. In addition, acts of
terrorism, acts of war and military action both in the U.S. and abroad can have a significant effect on economic conditions and may negatively affect our ability to procure our products from
manufacturers for sale to our customers. Any significant declines in general economic conditions, public safety concerns or uncertainties regarding future economic prospects that affect consumer
spending habits could have a material adverse effect on consumer purchases of our products. 

Our success depends upon our ability to anticipate and respond to changing fashion trends. 

        Our success depends upon our ability to anticipate and respond to changing fashion trends and consumer preferences in a timely manner.
The purchasing decisions of consumers are highly subjective and can be influenced by many factors, such as brand image, marketing programs and product design. Our success depends, in part, on our
ability to anticipate, gauge and respond to these changing consumer preferences in a timely manner while preserving the authenticity and the quality of our brands. Although we attempt to stay abreast
of emerging lifestyle and fashion trends affecting accessories and clothing, any failure by us to identify and respond to such trends could adversely affect consumer acceptance of our existing brand
names and product lines, which in turn could adversely 

27

Table of Contents

affect
sales of our products. If we misjudge the market for our products, we may be faced with a significant amount of unsold finished goods inventory, which could adversely affect our results of
operations. 

The loss of any of our license agreements, pursuant to which a number of our products are produced, may result in the loss of significant revenues and may adversely affect
our business. 

        A significant portion of our growth in sales and net income is, and is expected to continue to be, derived from the sales of products
produced under license agreements with third parties. Under these license agreements, we generally have the right to produce, market and distribute certain products utilizing the brand names of other
companies. We sell products under certain licensed brands, including, but not limited to, ADIDAS, ARMANI EXCHANGE, BURBERRY, DIESEL, DKNY, EMPORIO ARMANI, MARC BY MARC JACOBS and MICHAEL KORS. Sales
of our licensed products amounted to 47.4% of our consolidated net sales for fiscal year 2012. Our significant license agreements have various expiration dates between 2013 and 2017. In addition,
certain license agreements may require us to make minimum royalty payments, subject us to restrictive covenants or require us to comply with certain other obligations and may be terminated by the
licensor if these or other conditions are not met or upon certain events. We may not be able to continue to meet our obligations or fulfill the conditions under these agreements in the future. In
addition, we may be unable to renew our existing license agreements beyond the current term or obtain new license agreements to replace any lost license agreements on similar economic terms or at all.
The failure by us to maintain or renew one or more of our existing license agreements could result in a meaningful decrease in our sales and have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations. 

Certain key components in our products come from limited sources of supply, which exposes us to potential supply shortages that could disrupt the manufacture and sale of our
products. 

        We and our contract manufacturers currently purchase a number of key components used to manufacture our products from limited sources
of supply for which alternative sources may not be readily available. Any interruption or delay in the supply of any of these components could significantly harm our ability to meet scheduled product
deliveries to our customers and cause us to lose sales. Interruptions or delays in supply may be caused by a number of factors that are outside of our and our contractor manufacturers' control, such
as natural disasters like the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan. In addition, the purchase of these components on a limited source basis subjects us to risks of price increases and potential
quality assurance problems. An increase in the cost of components could make our products less competitive and result in lower gross margins. In the event that we can no longer obtain materials from
these limited sources of supply, we might not be able to qualify or identify alternative suppliers in a timely fashion. Any extended interruption in the supply of any of the key components currently
obtained from a limited source or delay in transitioning to a replacement supplier could disrupt our operations and significantly harm our business in any given period. If our supply of certain
components is disrupted, our lead times are extended or the cost of our components increases, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially affected. 

Our success depends upon our ability to continue to develop innovative products. 

        Our success also depends upon our ability to continue to develop innovative products in the respective markets in which we compete. If
we are unable to successfully introduce new products, or if our competitors introduce superior products, customers may purchase increasing amounts of products from our competitors, which could
adversely affect our sales and results of operations. 

28

Table of Contents

We are subject to laws and regulations in the U.S. and the many countries in which we operate. Violations of laws and regulations, or changes to existing laws or
regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

        Our operations are subject to domestic and international laws and regulations in a number of areas, including, but not limited to,
labor, advertising, consumer protection, real estate, product safety, e-commerce, promotions, intellectual property, tax, import and export, anti-corruption, foreign exchange
controls and cash repatriation, data privacy, anti-competition, environmental, health and safety. Compliance with these numerous laws and regulations is complicated, time consuming and
expensive, and the laws and regulations may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the difficulty and cost to comply with them. New laws and regulations, or changes to
existing laws and regulations, could individually or in the aggregate make our products more costly to produce, delay the introduction of new products in one or more regions, cause us to change or
limit our business practices, or affect our financial condition and results of operations. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the numerous laws and
regulations affecting our business, but there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws, regulations or our policies related thereto. Any such
violations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. 

Reduced lending by banks could have a negative impact on our customers, suppliers and business partners, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations and liquidity. 

        The reduction in lending by banks has had, and may continue to have, a significant negative impact on businesses around the world.
Although we believe that our cash provided by operations and available borrowing capacity under our U.S. credit facility will provide us with sufficient liquidity for the foreseeable future, the
impact of reduced lending on our customers, business partners and suppliers cannot be predicted and may be quite severe. The inability of our manufacturers to ship our products could impair our
ability to meet delivery date requirements. A disruption in the ability of our significant customers, distributors or licensees to access liquidity could cause serious disruptions or an overall
deterioration of their businesses, which could lead to a significant reduction in their future orders of our products and the inability or failure on their part to meet their payment obligations to
us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and liquidity. 

Seasonality of our business may adversely affect our net sales and operating income. 

        Our quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past and may continue to fluctuate as a result of a number of factors,
including seasonal cycles, the timing of new
product introductions, the timing of orders by our customers and the mix of product sales demand. Our business is seasonal by nature. A significant portion of our net sales and operating income are
generated during the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year, which includes the "back to school" and Christmas seasons. The amount of net sales and operating income generated during our fiscal
fourth quarter depends upon the anticipated level of retail sales during the Christmas season, as well as general economic conditions and other factors beyond our control. In addition, the amount of
net sales and operating income generated during our fiscal first quarter depends in part upon the actual level of retail sales during the Christmas season. The seasonality of our business may
adversely affect our net sales and operating income during the first and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. 

A privacy breach could result in negative publicity and adversely affect our business. 

        Our business involves the receipt and storage of personal information about customers and employees, the protection of which is
critical to us. Our customers also have a high expectation that we will adequately protect their personal information. Personal information is highly regulated at the 

29

Table of Contents

international,
federal and state level. If we experience a significant breach of customer or employee data it could attract a substantial amount of media attention, damage our customer relationships
and reputation and result in lost sales, fines, or lawsuits. 

Our plan to significantly increase our store base may not be successful, and implementation of this plan may divert our operational, managerial and administrative resources,
which could impact our competitive position. 

        Each year, we have historically expanded our store base. During fiscal year 2013, we intend to further expand our store base by opening
approximately 70 to 75 new stores globally and close approximately 12 stores. Thereafter, in the near term, we plan to continue to expand our store base annually. The success of our business depends,
in part, on our ability to open new stores and renew our existing store leases on terms that meet our financial targets. Our ability to open new stores on schedule or at all, to renew existing store
leases on favorable terms or to operate them on a profitable basis will depend on various factors, including our ability to:

•

identify suitable markets for new stores and available store locations; 

•

negotiate acceptable lease terms for new locations or renewal terms for existing locations; 

•

manage and expand our infrastructure to accommodate growth; 

•

hire and train qualified sales associates; 

•

develop new merchandise and manage inventory effectively to meet the needs of new and existing stores on a timely basis; 

•

foster current relationships and develop new relationships with vendors that are capable of supplying a greater volume of
merchandise; and 

•

avoid construction delays and cost overruns in connection with the build-out of new stores. 

        Our
plans to expand our store base may not be successful and the implementation of these plans may not result in an increase in our net sales even though they increase our costs.
Additionally, implementing our plans to expand our store base will place increased demands on our operational, managerial and administrative resources. The increased demands of operating additional
stores could cause us to operate less effectively, which could cause the performance of our existing stores and our wholesale operations to suffer materially. Any of these outcomes of our attempted
expansion of our store base could have a material adverse effect on the amount of net sales we generate and on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We have key facilities in the U.S. and overseas, the loss or shut down of any of which could harm our business. 

        Our administrative, information technology and distribution operations in the U.S. are conducted primarily from two separate facilities
located in the Dallas, Texas area. Our operations internationally are conducted from various administrative, distribution and assembly facilities outside of the U.S., particularly in China, Germany,
Hong Kong and Switzerland. The complete or temporary loss of use of all or part of these facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

        Our
warehouse and distribution facilities in the Dallas, Texas area are operated in a special purpose sub-zone established by the U.S. Department of Commerce Foreign Trade
Zone Board. Although the sub-zone allows us certain tax advantages, the sub-zone is highly regulated by the U.S. Customs Service. This level of regulation may cause
disruptions or delays in the distribution of our products out of these facilities. Under some circumstances, the U.S. Customs Service has the right to shut down the entire sub-zone and,
therefore, our entire warehouse and distribution facilities. During 

30

Table of Contents

the
time that the sub-zone is shut down, we may be unable to adequately meet the supply requests of our customers and our Company-owned retail stores, which could have an adverse effect on
our sales, relationships with our customers, and results of operations, especially if the shutdown were to occur during our third or fourth quarter. 

Our ability to grow our sales is dependent upon the implementation of our growth strategy, which we may not be able to achieve. 

        Since our public offering in 1993, we have experienced substantial growth in net sales. Our ability to continue this growth is
dependent on the successful implementation of our business strategy. This includes diversification of our product offerings, expansion of our Company-owned store locations and strategic acquisitions.
If we are not successful in the expansion of our product offerings or our new products are not profitable or do not generate sales comparable to those of our existing businesses, our results of
operations could be negatively impacted. Another element of our business strategy is to place increased emphasis on growth in selected international markets. If our brand names and products do not
achieve a high degree of consumer acceptance in these markets, our net sales could be adversely affected. 

        We
also operate FOSSIL brand stores and other non-FOSSIL branded stores and have historically expanded our Company-owned accessory and outlet locations to further strengthen
our brand image. As of December 29, 2012, we operated 473 stores worldwide. The costs associated with leasehold improvements to current stores and the costs associated with opening new stores
could materially increase our costs of operation. 

We have recently expanded and intend to further expand the scope of our product offerings, and new products introduced by us may not achieve consumer acceptance comparable
to that of our existing product lines. 

        We have recently expanded and intend to further expand the scope of our product offerings. As is typical with new products, market
acceptance of new designs and products is subject to uncertainty. In addition, we generally make decisions regarding product designs several months in advance of the time when consumer acceptance can
be measured. If trends shift away from our products, or if we misjudge the market for our product lines, we may be faced with significant amounts of unsold inventory or other conditions which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

        The
failure of new product designs or new product lines to gain market acceptance could also adversely affect our business and the image of our brands. Achieving market acceptance for
new products may also require substantial marketing efforts and expenditures to generate consumer demand. These requirements could strain our management, financial and operational resources. If we do
not continue to develop innovative products that provide better design and performance attributes than the products of our competitors and that are accepted by consumers, or if our future product
lines misjudge consumer demands, we may lose consumer loyalty, which could result in a decline in our sales and market share. 

Our business could be harmed if we fail to maintain proper inventory levels. 

        We maintain an inventory of selected products that we anticipate will be in high demand. We may be unable to sell the products we have
ordered in advance from manufacturers or that we have in our inventory. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in inventory write-downs or the sale of excess inventory at prices
below our standard levels. These events could significantly harm our operating results and impair the image of our brands. Conversely, if we underestimate consumer demand for our products or if our
manufacturers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages, which might result in unfilled orders, negatively impact customer relationships, diminish brand
loyalty and result in lost revenues, any of which could harm our business. 

31

Table of Contents 

Our license agreements may require minimum royalty commitments regardless of the level of product sales under these agreements. 

        Under our license agreements, we have in the past experienced, and could again in the future experience, instances where our minimum
royalty commitments exceeded the royalties payable based upon our sales of the licensed products. Payments of minimum royalties in excess of the royalties based on our sales of the licensed products
reduces our margins and could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of raw materials could cause delays and increase costs. 

        Fluctuations in the price, availability and quality of the raw materials used in our products could have a material adverse effect on
our cost of sales or ability to meet our customers' demands. The price and availability of such raw materials may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors, including natural resources,
increased freight costs, increased labor costs,
especially in China, and weather conditions. In the future, we may not be able to pass on all, or a portion of, such higher raw materials prices to our customers. 

We rely on third-party assembly factories and manufacturers and problems with, or loss of, our assembly factories or manufacturing sources could harm our business and
results of operations. 

        The majority of our watch products are currently assembled, and a majority of our jewelry products are manufactured, to our
specifications by our majority-owned entities in China with the remainder assembled or manufactured by independent entities. All of our clothing, sunglasses, handbags, small leather goods, belts and
soft accessories are produced by independent manufacturers. We have no long-term contracts with these independent assembly factories or manufacturers and compete with other companies for
production facilities. All transactions between us and our independent assembly factories or manufacturers are conducted on the basis of purchase orders. We face the risk that these independent
assembly factories or manufacturers may not produce and deliver our products on a timely basis, or at all. As a result, we cannot be certain that these assembly factories or manufacturers will
continue to assemble or manufacture products for us or that we will not experience operational difficulties with our manufacturers, such as reductions in the availability of production capacity,
errors in complying with product specifications, insufficient quality control, shortages of raw materials, failures to meet production deadlines or increases in manufacturing costs. Our future success
will depend upon our ability to maintain close relationships with, or ownership of, our current assembly factories and manufacturers and to develop long-term relationships with other
manufacturers that satisfy our requirements for price, quality and production flexibility. Our ability to establish new manufacturing relationships involves numerous uncertainties, including those
relating to payment terms, costs of manufacturing, adequacy of manufacturing capacity, quality control and timeliness of delivery. Any failure by us to maintain long-term relationships
with, or ownership of, our current assembly factories and manufacturers or to develop relationships with other manufacturers could have a material adverse effect on our ability to manufacture and
distribute our products. 

If an independent manufacturer or license partner of ours fails to use acceptable labor practices or otherwise comply with laws, our business could suffer. 

        We have no control over the ultimate actions or labor practices of our independent manufacturers. The violation of labor or other laws
by one of our independent manufacturers, or by one of our license partners, or the divergence of an independent manufacturer's or license partner's labor practices from those generally accepted as
ethical in the U.S. or other countries in which the violation or divergence occurred, could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us or damage our reputation. Any of
these, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and 

32

Table of Contents

results
of operations. As a result, should one of our independent manufacturers or licensors be found in violation of state or international laws, we could suffer financial or other unforeseen
consequences. 

We extend unsecured credit to our customers and are therefore vulnerable to any financial difficulties they may face. 

        We sell our merchandise primarily to department stores and specialty retail stores worldwide. We extend credit based on an evaluation
of each customer's financial condition, usually without requiring collateral. Should any of our larger customers experience financial difficulties, we could curtail business with such customers or
assume more credit risk relating to such customers' receivables. Our inability to collect on our trade accounts receivable relating to such customers could have a material adverse effect on the amount
of sales revenue that we receive and our financial condition and results of operations. 

We do not maintain long-term contracts with our customers and are unable to control their purchasing decisions. 

        We do not maintain long-term purchasing contracts with our customers and therefore have no contractual leverage over their
purchasing decisions. A decision by a major department store or other significant customer to decrease the amount of merchandise purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have a
material adverse effect on our net sales and operating strategy. 

Our Direct to consumer business segment operates in the highly competitive specialty retail, e-commerce and catalog industry and the size and resources of some
of our competitors are substantially greater than ours, which may allow them to compete more effectively. 

        We face intense competition in the specialty retail, e-commerce and catalog industry. We compete primarily with specialty
retailers, department stores, catalog retailers and internet businesses that engage in the retail sale of watches, accessories and clothing. We believe that the principal basis upon which we compete
is the quality and design of merchandise and the quality of customer service. We also believe that price is an important factor in our customers' decision-making processes. Many of our competitors
are, and many of our potential competitors may be, larger and have greater financial, marketing and other resources than we
have and therefore may be able to adapt to changes in customer requirements more quickly, devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and generate greater national brand
recognition than we can. This intense competition and greater size and resources of some of our competitors could have a material adverse effect on the amount of net sales we generate and on our
results of operations. 

We could be negatively impacted if we fail to successfully integrate the businesses we acquire. 

        As part of our growth strategy, we have made certain acquisitions, domestically and internationally, including acquisitions of certain
watch brands and acquisitions of independent distributors of our products. In April 2012, we acquired Skagen Designs and certain of its international affiliates. Skagen Designs manufactures, markets
and distributes watches, jewelry, sunglasses and clocks. The integration of Skagen Designs and any future acquisitions may not be successful or generate sales increases. When we have acquired
businesses, we have acquired businesses that we believe could enhance our business opportunities and our growth prospects. All acquisitions involve risks that could materially affect our business,
financial condition and operating results. These risks include:

•

distraction of management from our business operations; 

•

loss of key personnel and other employees; 

•

costs, delays, and inefficiencies associated with integrating acquired operations and personnel; 

•

the impairment of acquired assets and goodwill; and 

33

Table of Contents

•

acquiring the contingent and other liabilities of the businesses we acquire. 

        In
addition, acquired businesses may not provide us with increased business opportunities or result in the growth that we anticipate. Furthermore, integrating acquired operations is a
complex, time-consuming and expensive process. Combining acquired operations with our current operations may result in lower overall operating margins, greater stock price volatility and
quarterly earnings fluctuations. Cultural incompatibilities, career uncertainties and other factors associated with such acquisitions may also result in the loss of employees. Failure to acquire and
successfully integrate complementary practices, or failure to achieve the business synergies or other anticipated benefits, could materially adversely affect our business, our financial condition and
results of operations. 

Our competitors are established companies that may have greater experience than us in a number of crucial areas, including design and distribution. 

        There is intense competition in each of the businesses in which we compete. In all of our businesses, we compete with numerous
manufacturers, importers and distributors who may have significantly greater financial, distribution, advertising and marketing resources than us. Our competitors include distributors that import
watches, accessories and clothing from abroad, U.S. companies that have established foreign manufacturing relationships and companies that produce accessories and clothing domestically. Our results of
operations and market position may be adversely affected by our competitors and their competitive pressures in the watch, fashion accessory and clothing industries. 

Any material disruption of our information systems could disrupt our business and reduce our sales. 

        We are increasingly dependent on information systems to operate our websites, process transactions, manage inventory, monitor sales and
purchase, sell and ship goods on a timely basis. We also utilize SAP ERP in our U.S. operations and throughout most of our European operations to support our human resources, sales and distribution,
inventory planning, retail
merchandising and operational and financial reporting systems of our business, and Navision in our Asian operations to support many of the same functions on a local country level. We may experience
operational problems with our information systems as a result of system failures, viruses, computer "hackers" or other causes. Any material disruption or slowdown of our systems could cause
information, including data related to customer orders, to be lost or delayed which could result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our stores and customers or lost sales, which could reduce
demand for our merchandise and cause our sales to decline. Moreover, the failure to maintain, or a disruption in, financial and management control systems could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to respond to trends in our target markets, market our products and meet our customer's requirements. 

        In
addition, we have e-commerce and other websites in the U.S. and internationally. In addition to changing consumer preferences and buying trends relating to Internet usage,
we are vulnerable to certain additional risks and uncertainties associated with the Internet, including changes in required technology interfaces, website downtime and other technical failures,
security breaches, and consumer privacy concerns. Our failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce Internet sales, increase costs and damage our brand's reputation. 

Changes in the mix of product sales demand could negatively impact our gross profit margins. 

        Our gross profit margins are impacted by our sales mix. Sales from our Direct to consumer segment and international and licensed watch
businesses generally provide gross margins in excess of our historical consolidated gross profit margin, while accessory products generally provide gross profit margins below our historical
consolidated gross profit margin. If future sales from our Direct to consumer segment and international and licensed watch businesses do not increase at a faster rate than 

34

Table of Contents

our
accessory business, our gross profit margins may grow at a slower pace, cease to grow, or decrease relative to our historical consolidated gross profit margin. We also distribute private label
products to the mass market channel at gross profit margins significantly lower than our historical consolidated gross profit margin. Future growth in this channel at rates in excess of our
consolidated net sales growth rate could negatively impact our consolidated gross profit margins. 

Our industry is subject to pricing pressures that may adversely impact our financial performance. 

        We assemble or source many of our products offshore because they generally cost less to make overseas, due primarily to lower labor
costs. Many of our competitors also source their product requirements offshore to achieve lower costs, possibly in locations with lower costs than our offshore operations, and those competitors may
use these cost savings to reduce prices. To remain competitive, we must adjust our prices from time to time in response to these industry-wide pricing pressures. Our financial performance
may be negatively affected by these pricing pressures if we are forced to reduce our prices and we cannot reduce our production costs or our production costs increase and we cannot increase our
prices. 

The loss of our intellectual property rights may harm our business. 

        Our trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights are important to our success and competitive position. We are devoted to
the establishment and protection of our trademarks, patents and other intellectual property rights in those countries where we believe it is important to our ability to sell our products. However, we
cannot be certain that the actions we have taken will result in enforceable rights, will be adequate to protect our products in every country where we may want to sell our products, will be adequate
to prevent imitation of our products by others or will be adequate to prevent others from seeking to prevent sales of our products as a violation of the trademarks, patents or other intellectual
property rights of others. Additionally, we rely on the patent, trademark and other intellectual property laws of the U.S. and other countries to protect our proprietary rights. Even if we are
successful in obtaining appropriate trademark, patent and other intellectual property rights, we may be unable to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization,
particularly in those countries where the laws do not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the U.S. Because we sell our products internationally and are dependent on foreign manufacturing in
China, we are significantly dependent on foreign countries to protect our intellectual property rights. The use of our intellectual property or similar intellectual property by others could reduce or
eliminate any competitive advantage we have developed, causing us to lose sales or otherwise harm our business. Further, if it became necessary for us to resort to litigation to protect our
intellectual property rights, any proceedings could be burdensome and costly and we may not prevail. The failure to obtain or maintain trademark, patent or other intellectual property rights could
materially harm our business. 

Our products may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which may cause us to incur unexpected costs or prevent us from selling certain our products. 

        We cannot be certain that our products do not and will not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. We may be subject
to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of our business, including claims of alleged infringement of the intellectual property
rights of third parties by us or our customers in connection with their use of our products. Any such claims, whether or not meritorious, could result in costly litigation and divert the efforts of
our personnel. Moreover, should we be found liable for infringement, we may be required to enter into licensing agreements (if available on acceptable terms or at all) or to pay damages and cease
making or selling certain products. Moreover, we may need to redesign or rename some of our products to avoid future infringement liability. Any of the foregoing could cause us to incur significant
costs and prevent us from manufacturing or selling certain of our products. 

35

Table of Contents

An increase in product returns could negatively impact our operating results. 

        We accept limited returns and will request that a customer return a product if we feel the customer has an excess of any style that we
have identified as being a poor performer for that customer or geographic location. We continually monitor returns and maintain a provision for estimated returns based upon historical experience and
any specific issues identified. While returns have historically been within our expectations and the provisions established, future return rates may differ from those experienced in the past. In the
event that our products are performing poorly in the retail market and/or we experience product damages or defects at a rate significantly higher than our historical rate, the resulting credit returns
could have an adverse impact on the operating results for the period or periods in which such returns occur. 

There are inherent limitations in all control systems, and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

        We are subject to the ongoing internal control provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. These provisions
provide for the identification of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, which is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
does not expect that our internal controls and disclosure controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefit of controls
must be relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if
any, in our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or
mistakes. Further, controls can be circumvented by individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the
likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may be inadequate
because of changes in conditions, such as growth of the company or increased transaction volume, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of inherent
limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

        In
addition, discovery and disclosure of a material weakness, by definition, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements. Such an occurrence could discourage certain
customers or suppliers from doing business with us, cause downgrades in our debt ratings leading to higher borrowing costs and affect how our stock trades. This could in turn negatively affect our
ability to access public debt or equity markets for capital. 

 Risk Factors Relating to Our International Operations 

Factors affecting international commerce and our international operations may seriously harm our financial condition. 

        During fiscal 2012, we generated 52.6% of our net sales from outside of the U.S., and we anticipate that revenue from our international
operations could account for an increasingly larger portion of our net sales in the future. Our international operations are directly related to, and dependent on, the volume of international trade
and foreign market conditions. International 

36

Table of Contents

commerce
and our international operations are subject to many risks, some of which are discussed in more detail below, including:

•

recessions in foreign economies; 

•

the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions; 

•

limitations on repatriation of earnings; 

•

difficulties in protecting our intellectual property or enforcing our intellectual property rights under the laws of other
countries; 

•

longer receivables collection periods and greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable; 

•

difficulties in managing foreign operations; 

•

social, political and economic instability; 

•

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

•

our ability to finance foreign operations; 

•

tariffs and other trade barriers; and 

•

U.S. government licensing requirements for exports. 

        The
occurrence or consequences of any of these risks may restrict our ability to operate in the affected regions and decrease the profitability of our international operations, which may
seriously harm our financial condition. 

Foreign currency fluctuations could adversely impact our financial condition. 

        We generally purchase our products in U.S. dollars. However, we source a significant amount of our products overseas and, as such, the
cost of these products may be affected by changes in the value of the currencies, including the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, Chinese Yuan, Danish Krone, Euro, Hong Kong Dollar,
Indian Rupee, Japanese Yen, Korean Won, Malaysian Ringgit, Mexican Peso, Norwegian Kroner, Singapore Dollar, Swedish Krona, Swiss Franc and Taiwanese Dollar. Due to our dependence on manufacturing
operations in China, changes in the value of the Chinese Yuan may have a material impact on our supply channels and manufacturing costs, including component and assembly costs. Changes in currency
exchange rates may also affect the relative prices at which we and our foreign competitors sell products in the same market. Although we utilize forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency risks
(mostly relating to the Euro, British Pound, Japanese Yen, Mexican Peso, Canadian Dollar and Australian Dollar), if we are unsuccessful in mitigating these risks, foreign currency fluctuations may
have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on independent distributors to sell our products in certain international markets. 

        Our products are sold in certain international markets through independent distributors. If a distributor fails to meet annual sales
goals, it may be difficult and costly to locate an acceptable substitute distributor. If a change in our distributors becomes necessary, we may experience increased costs, as well as a substantial
disruption in, and a resulting loss of, sales and profits. 

Because we are dependent on foreign manufacturing, we are vulnerable to changes in economic and social conditions in Asia, particularly China, and disruptions in
international travel and shipping. 

        Because a substantial portion of our watches and jewelry and certain of our handbags, sunglasses and other products are assembled or
manufactured in China, our success will depend to a significant 

37

Table of Contents

extent
upon future economic and social conditions existing in China. If the factories in China were disrupted for any reason, we would need to arrange for the manufacture and shipment of products by
alternative sources. Because the establishment of new manufacturing relationships involves numerous uncertainties, including those relating to payment terms, costs of manufacturing, adequacy of
manufacturing capacity, quality control and timeliness of delivery, we are unable to predict whether such new relationships would be on terms that we regard as satisfactory. Any significant disruption
in our relationships with our manufacturing sources located in China would have a material adverse effect on our ability to manufacture and distribute our products. Restrictions on travel to and from
this and other regions, similar to those imposed during the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome in 2003, commonly known as SARS, and any delays or cancellations of customer orders or the
manufacture or shipment of our products could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet customer deadlines and timely distribute our products in order to match consumer tastes. 

Risks associated with foreign government regulations and U.S. trade policy may affect our foreign operations and sourcing. 

        Our businesses are subject to risks generally associated with doing business abroad, such as foreign governmental regulation in the
countries in which our manufacturing sources are located, primarily China. While we have not experienced any material issues with foreign governmental regulations that would impact our arrangements
with our foreign manufacturing sources, we believe that this issue is of particular concern with regard to China due to the less mature nature of the Chinese market economy and the historical
involvement of the Chinese government in industry. If regulations were to render the conduct of business in a particular country undesirable or impracticable, or if our current foreign manufacturing
sources were for any other reason to cease doing business with us, such a development could have a material adverse effect on our product sales and on our supply, manufacturing and distribution
channels. 

        Our
business is also subject to risks associated with U.S. and foreign legislation and regulations relating to imports, including quotas, duties, tariffs or taxes, and other charges or
restrictions on imports, which could adversely affect our operations and our ability to import products at current or increased levels. We cannot predict whether additional U.S. and foreign customs
quotas, duties (including antidumping or countervailing duties), tariffs, taxes or other charges or restrictions, requirements as to where raw materials must be purchased, additional workplace
regulations or other restrictions on our imports will be imposed upon the importation of our products in the future or adversely modified, or what effect such actions would have on our costs of
operations. For example, our products imported to the U.S. are subject to U.S. customs duties and, in the ordinary course of our business we may from time to time be subject to claims by the U.S.
Customs Service for duties and other charges. Factors that may influence the modification or imposition of these restrictions include the determination by the U.S. Trade Representative that a country
has denied adequate intellectual property rights or fair and equitable market access to U.S. firms that rely on intellectual property, trade disputes between the U.S. and a country that leads to
withdrawal of "most favored nation" status for that country and economic and political changes within a country that are viewed unfavorably by the U.S. government. Future quotas, duties or tariffs may
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Future trade agreements could also provide our competitors with an advantage over us, or increase our
costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and financial condition. Substantially all of our import operations are
subject to:

•

quotas imposed by bilateral textile agreements between the countries where our clothing-producing facilities are located
and foreign countries; and 

•

customs duties imposed by the governments where our clothing-producing facilities are located on imported products,
including raw materials. 

38

Table of Contents

        Our
clothing business is also subject to the effects of international trade agreements and regulations such as the North American Free Trade Agreement, and the activities and regulations
of the World Trade Organization, referred to as the WTO. Generally, such trade agreements benefit our clothing business by reducing or eliminating the duties and/or quotas assessed on products
manufactured in a particular country. However, trade agreements can also impose requirements that negatively impact our clothing business, such as limiting the countries from which we can purchase raw
materials and setting quotas on products that may be imported into the U.S. from a particular country. In addition, the WTO may commence a new round of trade negotiations that liberalize textile
trade. This increased competition could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Risk Factors Relating to Our Common Stock 

Many factors may cause our net sales, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate and possibly decline, which may result in declines in our stock price. 

        Our net sales, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly because of a number of factors, many of which are outside
of our control. These factors may include, but may not be limited to, the following:

•

fluctuations in market demand for our products; 

•

increased competition and pricing pressures; 

•

our ability to anticipate changing customer demands and preferences; 

•

our failure to efficiently manage our inventory levels; 

•

our inability to manage and maintain our debt obligations; 

•

seasonality in our business; 

•

changes in our, and our competitors', business strategy or pricing; 

•

the successful expansion of our Company-owned retail stores; 

•

the timing of certain general and administrative expenses; 

•

completing acquisitions and the costs of integrating acquired operations; 

•

international currency fluctuations, operating challenges and trade regulations; 

•

acts of terrorism or acts of war; and 

•

government regulation. 

        One
or more of the foregoing factors, as well as any other risk factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, may cause our operating expenses to be
unexpectedly high or result in a decrease in our net sales during any given period. If these or any other variables or unknowns were to cause a shortfall in revenues or earnings, an increase in our
operating costs or otherwise cause a failure to meet public market expectations, our stock price may decline and our business could be adversely affected. 

39

Table of Contents 

Our CEO owns approximately 10% of our outstanding common stock. 

        Mr. Kosta Kartsotis, our CEO, owns approximately 10% of our common stock as of December 29, 2012. As a result, he is in a
position to influence the outcome of elections of our directors, the adoption, amendment or repeal of our bylaws and any other actions requiring the vote or consent of our stockholders, and to
otherwise influence our affairs. 

        Because
the interests of Mr. Kartsotis may not coincide with the interests of other stockholders, Mr. Kartsotis may influence the Company to enter into transactions or
agreements that other stockholders would not approve or make decisions with which other stockholders may disagree. 

Our organizational documents contain anti-takeover provisions that could discourage a proposal for a takeover. 

        Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, contain provisions that
may have the effect of discouraging a proposal for a takeover. These include a provision in our certificate of incorporation authorizing the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock and provisions in
our bylaws establishing advance notice procedures with respect to certain stockholder proposals. Our bylaws may be amended by a vote of 80% of the Board of Directors, subject to repeal by a vote of
80% of the stockholders. In addition, Delaware law limits the ability of a Delaware corporation to engage in certain business combinations with interested stockholders. Finally, Mr. Kartsotis
has the ability, by virtue of his stock ownership, to influence a vote regarding a change in control. 

Future sales of our common stock in the public market could adversely affect our stock price. 

        The shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Kartsotis may be sold in the open market in the future, subject to any
volume restrictions and other limitations under the Securities Act of 1933 and Rule 144 thereunder. We may also decide to file a registration statement enabling Mr. Kartsotis to
sell additional shares. Any sales by Mr. Kartsotis of substantial amounts of our common stock in the open market, or the availability of his shares for sale, could adversely affect the price of
our common stock. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that those sales could
occur. These sales or the possibility that they may occur also could make it more difficult for us to raise funds in any equity offering in the future at a time and price that we deem appropriate.