Prospective
investors should consider carefully the risk factors set forth below before making an investment in the Company’s securities. 

28 

Table of Contents

A Decline in Advertising Expenditures Could Cause the Company’s Revenues and Operating Results to
Decline Significantly in any Given Period or in Specific Markets. 

The Company derives substantial revenues from the sale
of advertising on or in its television stations, broadcast and cable networks, newspapers, integrated marketing services, digital media properties and DBS services. Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic
conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. A decline in the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities. Demand for the Company’s products is
also a factor in determining advertising rates. For example, ratings points for the Company’s television stations, broadcast and cable networks and circulation levels for the Company’s newspapers are factors that are weighed when
determining advertising rates, and with respect to the Company’s television stations and broadcast and television networks, when determining the affiliate rates received by the Company. In addition, newer technologies, including new video
formats, streaming and downloading capabilities via the Internet, video-on-demand, personal video recorders and other devices and technologies are increasing the number of media and entertainment choices available to audiences. Some of these devices
and technologies allow users to view television or motion pictures from a remote location or on a time-delayed basis and provide users the ability to fast-forward, rewind, pause and skip programming. These technological developments are increasing
the number of media and entertainment choices available to audiences and may cause changes in consumer behavior that could affect the attractiveness of the Company’s offerings to viewers, advertisers and/or distributors. A decrease in
advertising expenditures or reduced demand for the Company’s offerings can lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses. 

Global Economic Conditions May Have a Continuing Adverse Effect on the Company’s Business. 

The United States and global economies have undergone a period of economic uncertainty, which caused, among other things, a general
tightening in the credit markets, limited access to the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and business spending and lower consumer net worth. The resulting pressure on the
labor and retail markets and the downturn in consumer confidence weakened the economic climate in certain markets in which the Company does business and has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of
operations, financial condition and liquidity. A continued decline in these economic conditions could further impact the Company’s business, reduce the Company’s advertising and other revenues and negatively impact the performance of its
motion pictures and home entertainment releases, television operations, newspapers, books and other consumer products. In addition, these conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the Company does business to satisfy their
obligations to the Company. As a result, the Company’s results of operations may be adversely affected. Although the Company believes that its operating cash flow and current access to capital and credit markets, including the Company’s
existing credit facility, will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that continued or increased volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair the
Company’s liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing. 

Acceptance of the Company’s Film and Television Programming by the Public
is Difficult to Predict, Which Could Lead to Fluctuations in Revenues. 

Feature film and television production and
distribution are speculative businesses since the revenues derived from the production and distribution of a feature film or television series depend primarily upon its acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. The commercial success
of a feature film or television series also depends upon the quality and acceptance of other competing films and television series released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of a growing number of alternative forms of
entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and their effects on consumer spending and other tangible and intangible factors, all of which can change and cannot be predicted with certainty. Further, the theatrical success
of a feature film and the audience ratings for a television series are generally key factors in generating revenues from other distribution channels, such as home entertainment and premium pay television, with respect to feature films, and
syndication, with respect to television series. 

29 

Table of Contents

The Company Could Suffer Losses Due to Asset Impairment Charges for Goodwill, Intangible Assets
(including FCC Licenses) and Programming. 

In accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles, the
Company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including FCC licenses, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. The Company also continually evaluates whether current factors
or indicators, such as the prevailing conditions in the capital markets, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and other long-lived assets. Any significant shortfall, now or in the
future, in advertising revenue and/or the expected popularity of the programming for which the Company has acquired rights could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units, particularly those in the Newspapers and
Information Services, Television and Cable Network Programming segments. A downward revision in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or long-lived assets could result in an impairment and a non-cash
charge would be required. Any such charge could be material to the Company’s reported net earnings. 

Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange
Rates Could Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Results of Operations. 

The Company has significant operations in
a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of the Company operations are conducted in foreign currencies. The value of these currencies fluctuate relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result, the Company is exposed to exchange rate
fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations in a given period or in specific markets. 

The Loss of
Carriage Agreements Could Cause the Company’s Revenue and Operating Results to Decline Significantly in any Given Period or in Specific Markets. 

The Company is dependent upon the maintenance of affiliation agreements with third party owned television stations and there can be no
assurance that these affiliation agreements will be renewed in the future on terms acceptable to the Company. The loss of a significant number of these affiliation arrangements could reduce the distribution of FOX and MyNetworkTV and adversely
affect the Company’s ability to sell national and local advertising time. Similarly, the Company’s cable networks maintain affiliation and carriage arrangements that enable them to reach a large percentage of cable and direct broadcast
satellite households across the United States. The loss of a significant number of these arrangements or the loss of carriage on basic programming tiers could reduce the distribution of the Company’s cable networks, which may adversely affect
those networks’ revenues from subscriber fees and their ability to sell national and local advertising time. 

The Inability to Renew
Sports Programming Rights Could Cause the Company’s Advertising Revenue to Decline Significantly in any Given Period or in Specific Markets. 

The sports rights contracts between the Company, on the one hand, and various professional sports leagues and teams, on the other, have
varying duration and renewal terms. As these contracts expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought; however, third parties may outbid the current rights holders for the rights contracts. In addition, professional sports leagues or teams may
create their own networks or the renewal costs could substantially exceed the original contract cost. The loss of rights could impact the extent of the sports coverage offered by the Company and its affiliates, as it relates to FOX, and could
adversely affect the Company’s advertising and affiliate revenues. Upon renewal, the Company’s results could be adversely affected if escalations in sports programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in advertising rates and, in
the case of cable networks, subscriber fees. 

Technological Developments May Increase the Threat of Content Piracy and Signal Theft and
Limit the Company’s Ability to Protect Its Intellectual Property Rights. 

The Company seeks to limit the threat of
content piracy and DBS programming signal theft; however, policing unauthorized use of the Company’s products and services and related intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken by the Company may not in every case prevent the
infringement by unauthorized 

30 

Table of Contents

third parties. Developments in technology, including digital copying, file compressing and the growing penetration of high-bandwidth Internet connections, increase the threat of content piracy by
making it easier to duplicate and widely distribute pirated material. In addition, developments in software or devices that circumvent encryption technology increase the threat of unauthorized use and distribution of DBS programming signals. The
Company has taken, and will continue to take, a variety of actions to combat piracy and signal theft, both individually and, in some instances, together with industry associations. There can be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce
its rights and protect its products, services and intellectual property will be successful in preventing content piracy or signal theft. Content piracy and signal theft present a threat to the Company’s revenues from products and services,
including, but not limited to, films, television shows, books and DBS programming. 

Labor Disputes May Have an Adverse Effect on the
Company’s Business. 

In a variety of the Company’s businesses, the Company and its partners engage the services
of writers, directors, actors and other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements, including employees of the Company’s film and television studio operations and newspapers. If the Company or its
partners are unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. Such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective
bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins. 

Changes in U.S. or Foreign Regulations May Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Business. 

The Company is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign regulations in the jurisdictions in which its businesses operate. In general, the
television broadcasting and multichannel video programming and distribution industries in the United States are highly regulated by federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the FCC. The FCC
generally regulates, among other things, the ownership of media, broadcast and multichannel video programming and technical operations of broadcast and satellite licensees. Further, the United States Congress and the FCC currently have under
consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters, including technological changes, which could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations and ownership of the Company’s U.S.
media properties. Similarly, changes in regulations imposed by governments in other jurisdictions in which the Company, or entities in which the Company has an interest, operate could adversely affect its business and results of operations.

In addition, changes in tax regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which the Company has operations could affect
the Company’s results of operations.