Prospective investors should consider carefully the risk factors set forth below before making an investment in the Company’s securities. 

A Decline in Advertising Expenditures Could Cause the Company’s Revenues and Operating Results to Decline Significantly in any Given Period or in Specific Markets. 

The Company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on or in its television stations, broadcast and cable networks and direct broadcast satellite services. Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. A decline in the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities. Demand for the Company’s products is also a factor in determining advertising rates. For example, ratings points for the Company’s television stations and broadcast and cable networks are factors that are weighed when determining advertising rates, and with respect to the Company’s television stations and broadcast and television networks, when determining the affiliate rates received by the Company. In addition, newer technologies, including new video formats, streaming and downloading capabilities via the Internet, video-on-demand, personal video recorders and other devices and technologies are increasing the number of media and entertainment choices available to audiences. Some of these devices and technologies allow users to view television or motion pictures from a remote location or on a time-delayed basis and provide users the ability to fast-forward, rewind, pause and skip programming and advertisements. These technological developments which are increasing the number of media and entertainment choices available to audiences could negatively impact not only consumer demand for our content and services but also could affect the attractiveness of the Company’s offerings to viewers, advertisers and/or distributors. Failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our business. Further, a decrease in advertising expenditures, reduced demand for the Company’s offerings or the inability to obtain market ratings that adequately measure demand for the Company’s content on personal video recorders and mobile devices could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses and assets. 

The Company is exposed to risks associated with weak domestic and global economic conditions and increased volatility and disruption in the financial markets.

The Company’s businesses, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by weak domestic and global economic conditions. Factors that affect economic conditions include the rate of unemployment, the level of consumer confidence and changes in consumer spending habits. The Company also faces risks, including currency volatility and the stability of global local economies, associated with the impact of weak domestic and global economic conditions on advertisers, affiliates, suppliers, wholesale distributors, retailers, insurers, theater operators and others with which it does business. 

26

Increased volatility and disruptions in the financial markets could make it more difficult and more expensive for the Company to refinance outstanding indebtedness and obtain new financing. Disruptions in the financial markets can also adversely affect the Company’s lenders, insurers, customers and counterparties, including vendors, retailers and film co-financing partners. For instance, the inability of the Company’s counterparties to obtain capital on acceptable terms could impair their ability to perform under their agreements with the Company and lead to negative effects on the Company, including business disruptions, decreased revenues and increases in bad debt expenses. 

Acceptance of the Company’s Films and Television Programming by the Public is Difficult to Predict, Which Could Lead to Fluctuations in Revenues. 

Feature film and television production and distribution are speculative businesses since the revenues derived from the production and distribution of a feature film or television series depend primarily upon its acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. The commercial success of a feature film or television series also depends upon the quality and acceptance of other competing films and television series released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of a growing number of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and their effects on consumer spending and other tangible and intangible factors, all of which can change and cannot be predicted with certainty. Further, the theatrical success of a feature film and the audience ratings for a television series are generally key factors in generating revenues from other distribution channels, such as home entertainment and premium pay television, with respect to feature films, and syndication, with respect to television series. 

The Company Could Suffer Losses Due to Asset Impairment Charges for Goodwill, Intangible Assets and Programming. 

In accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles, the Company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including FCC licenses, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. The Company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as the prevailing conditions in the capital markets, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and other long-lived assets. Any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue and/or the expected popularity of the programming for which the Company has acquired rights could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. A downward revision in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or long-lived assets could result in an impairment and a non-cash charge would be required. Any such charge could be material to the Company’s reported net earnings. 

Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates Could Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Results of Operations. 

The Company has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of the Company operations are conducted in foreign currencies. The value of these currencies fluctuates relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result, the Company is exposed to exchange rate fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations in a given period or in specific markets. 

For example, our business activities in Venezuela operate in a highly inflationary economy. Recently, there have been significant changes to the foreign currency exchange rate environment in Venezuela governing the conversion of Venezuelan Bolivars (“Bolivars”) to U.S. Dollars. Companies generally have used the official exchange rate controlled by Venezuela’s Commission for the Administration of Foreign Exchange (“CADIVI”), which is 6.3 Bolivars per U.S. Dollar unless they had transactions or were among the entities the Venezuelan government had specifically authorized to use the Supplementary Foreign Currency Administration System (“SICAD”) auction rate. In January 2014, the Venezuelan government significantly expanded the use of the SICAD rate and, more recently, in March 2014, the Venezuelan government created a third currency exchange mechanism called SICAD 2 and said it may be used by all entities for all transactions. Until March 31, 2014, our Bolivar denominated net monetary assets were translated at the official exchange rate of 6.3 Bolivars per U.S. Dollar. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we were able to use the SICAD 2 mechanism to convert a portion of our Bolivar denominated cash to U.S. Dollars. Accordingly, we remeasured all our Bolivar denominated net monetary assets at the SICAD 2 exchange rate resulting in a devaluation loss of approximately $100 million for fiscal 2014. The Venezuelan government may issue more regulations or take other steps that might introduce significant 

27

uncertainty regarding the exchange rate that we can access to convert our Venezuelan Bolivar denominated monetary assets to U.S. Dollars. Such measures can also affect our decision on which exchange rate(s) to use for financial reporting purposes.

The Loss of Carriage Agreements Could Cause the Company’s Revenue and Operating Results to Decline Significantly in any Given Period or in Specific Markets. 

The Company’s broadcast stations and cable networks maintain affiliation and carriage arrangements that enable them to reach a large percentage of cable and direct broadcast satellite households across the United States. The loss of a significant number of these arrangements or the loss of carriage on basic programming tiers could reduce the distribution of the Company’s broadcast stations and cable networks, which may adversely affect those networks’ revenues from subscriber fees and their ability to sell national and local advertising time. The Company is dependent upon the maintenance of affiliation agreements with third party owned television stations and there can be no assurance that these affiliation agreements will be renewed in the future on terms acceptable to the Company. The loss of a significant number of these affiliation arrangements could reduce the distribution of FOX and MyNetworkTV and adversely affect the Company’s ability to sell national advertising time. 

The Inability to Renew Sports Programming Rights Could Cause the Company’s Affiliate and Advertising Revenue to Decline Significantly in any Given Period or in Specific Markets. 

The sports rights contracts between the Company, on the one hand, and various professional sports leagues and teams, on the other, have varying duration and renewal terms. As these contracts expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought; however, third parties may outbid the current rights holders for the rights contracts. In addition, professional sports leagues or teams may create their own networks or the renewal costs could substantially exceed the original contract cost. The loss of rights could impact the extent of the sports coverage offered by the Company and its affiliates, as it relates to FOX, and could adversely affect the Company’s advertising and affiliate revenues. Upon renewal, the Company’s results could be adversely affected if escalations in sports programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in advertising rates and, in the case of cable networks, subscriber fees. 

The Company Relies on Network and Information Systems and Other Technology Whose Failure or Misuse, Could Cause a Disruption of Services or Improper Disclosure of Personal Data or Confidential Information, Resulting in Increased Costs or Loss of Revenue. 

Network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to the Company’s network management, are important to its business activities. Network and information systems-related events, such as computer hackings, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power outages, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities or human error that may affect such systems, could result in disruption of our services or improper disclosure of personal data or confidential information. In recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyber attacks on companies’ network and information systems by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. A significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the Company’s systems could result in a disruption of its operations, customer or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands and a loss of customers or revenues. If any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in the Company’s information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including personnel, customer and vendor information, the Company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. Efforts by the Company and its vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require the Company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. Moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as tech

nologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated.

Technological Developments May Increase the Threat of Content Piracy and Signal Theft and Limit the Company’s Ability to Protect Its Intellectual Property Rights. 

Content piracy and signal theft present a threat to the Company’s revenues from products and services, including, but not limited to, films, television shows, cable and other programming. The Company seeks to limit the 

28

threat of content piracy and direct broadcast satellite programming signal theft; however, policing unauthorized use of the Company’s products and services and related intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken by the Company may not in every case prevent the infringement by unauthorized third parties. Developments in technology, including digital copying, file compressing and the growing penetration of high-bandwidth Internet connections, increase the threat of content piracy by making it easier to duplicate and widely distribute high-quality pirated material. In addition, developments in software or devices that circumvent encryption technology and the falling prices of devices incorporating such technologies increase the threat of unauthorized use and distribution of direct broadcast satellite programming signals and the proliferation of user-generated content sites and live and stored video streaming sites, which deliver unauthorized copies of copyrighted content, including those emanating from other countries in various languages, may adversely impact the Company’s businesses. The proliferation of unauthorized distribution and use of the Company’s content could have an adverse effect on the Company’s businesses and profitability because it reduces the revenue that the Company could potentially receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its products and services. 

The Company has taken, and will continue to take, a variety of actions to combat piracy and signal theft, both individually and, in some instances, together with industry associations. However, protection of the Company’s intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of the Company’s rights as defined by applicable laws in the United States and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. If those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the Company’s rights, or if existing laws are changed, the Company’s ability to generate revenue from intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and enforcing our rights may increase. There can be no assurance that the Company’s efforts to enforce its rights and protect its products, services and intellectual property will be successful in preventing content piracy or signal theft. Further, while piracy and technology tools continue to escalate, if any U.S. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property are repealed or weakened or not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to evolve and adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights and the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights could increase. 

The Company Must Respond to Changes in Consumer Behavior as a Result of New Technologies in Order to Remain Competitive. 

Technology, particularly digital technology used in the entertainment industry, continues to evolve rapidly, leading to alternative methods for the delivery and storage of digital content. These technological advancements have driven changes in consumer behavior and have empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where and how they consume digital content. Content owners are increasingly delivering their content directly to consumers over the Internet, often without charge, and innovations in distribution platforms have enabled consumers to view such Internet-delivered content on televisions and portable devices. There is a risk that the Company’s responses to these changes and strategies to remain competitive, including distribution of its content on a “pay” basis, may not be adopted by consumers. In addition, enhanced Internet capabilities and other new media may reduce television viewership, the demand for DVDs and Blu-rays and the desire to see motion pictures in theaters, which could negatively affect the Company’s revenues. The Company’s failure to protect and exploit the value of its content, while responding to and developing new technology and business models to take advantage of advancements in technology and the latest consumer preferences, could have a significant adverse effect on the Company’s businesses, asset values and results of operations. 

Labor Disputes May Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Business. 

In a variety of the Company’s businesses, the Company and its partners engage the services of writers, directors, actors and other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements, including employees of the Company’s film and television studio operations. If the Company or its partners are unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. Such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins. 

29

Changes in U.S. or Foreign Regulations May Have an Adverse Effect on the Company’s Business. 

The Company is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign regulations in the jurisdictions in which its businesses operate. In general, the television broadcasting and multichannel video programming and distribution industries in the United States are highly regulated by federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the FCC. The FCC generally regulates, among other things, the ownership of media, broadcast and multichannel video programming and technical operations of broadcast licensees. Our program services and online properties are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including those relating to issues such as content regulation, user privacy and data protection, and consumer protection, among others. Further, the United States Congress, the FCC and state legislatures currently have under consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters, including technological changes and measures relating to privacy and data security, which could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations and ownership of the Company’s U.S. media properties. Similarly, new laws or regulations or changes in interpretations of law or in regulations imposed by governments in other jurisdictions in which the Company, or entities in which the Company has an interest, operate could require changes in the operations or ownership of these international media properties. In addition, laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions which regulate, among other things, licensing arrangements, local content requirements, carriage requirements regarding pricing and distribution, and limitations on advertising time, may impact the operations and results of our international businesses.

In addition, changes in tax laws, regulations or the interpretations thereof in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which the Company has operations could affect the Company’s results of operations. 

U.S. Citizenship Requirements May Limit Common Stock Ownership and Voting Rights. 

The Company owns broadcast station licensees in connection with its ownership and operation of U.S. television stations. Under U.S. law, no broadcast station licensee may be owned by a corporation if more than 25% of its stock is owned or voted by non-U.S. persons, their representatives, or by any other corporation organized under the laws of a foreign country. The Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the Board of Directors to prevent, cure or mitigate the effect of stock ownership above the applicable foreign ownership threshold by taking any action including: refusing to permit any transfer of common stock to or ownership of common stock by a non-U.S. stockholder; voiding a transfer of common stock to a non-U.S. stockholder; suspending rights of stock ownership if held by a non-U.S. stockholder; or redeeming common stock held by a non-U.S. stockholder. In order to maintain compliance with U.S. law, as of October 2013, the suspension of voting rights of the Class B Common Stock held by non-U.S. stockholders was 35%. This suspension will remain in place for as long as the Company deems it necessary to maintain compliance with applicable U.S. law, and may be adjusted by the Audit Committee as it deems appropriate. The Company is not able to predict whether it will need to adjust the suspension or whether additional action pursuant to its Restated Certificate of Incorporation may be necessary. The FCC could review the Company’s compliance with applicable U.S. law in connection with its consideration of the Company’s renewal applications for licenses to operate the broadcast stations the Company owns. 

The Company and News Corp Face Investigations Regarding Allegations of Phone Hacking, Illegal Data Access, Inappropriate Payments to Public Officials and Other Related Matters and Related Civil Lawsuits. 

U.S. regulators and governmental authorities are conducting investigations relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters. The Company is cooperating with these investigations. It is not possible at this time to estimate the liability, if any, of the Company relating to these investigations. 

In connection with the Separation, the Company and News Corp agreed in the Separation and Distribution Agreement that the Company will indemnify News Corp, on an after-tax basis, for payments made after the Separation arising out of civil claims and investigations relating to the U.K. Newspaper Matters, as well as legal and professional fees and expenses paid in connection with the related criminal matters, other than fees, expenses and costs relating to employees who are not (i) directors, officers or certain designated employees or (ii) with respect to civil matters, co-defendants with News Corp. 

It is possible that these proceedings and any adverse resolution thereof, including any fines or other penalties associated with any plea, judgment or similar result could damage the Company’s reputation, impair its ability to conduct its business and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. 

30

Risks Related to the Separation 

If the Separation, Together with Certain Related Transactions, Were Ultimately Determined to be Taxable Transactions for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes, then We Could Be Subject to Significant Tax Liability. 

The Company received (i) a private letter ruling from the IRS substantially to the effect that, among other things, the distribution of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock of News Corp qualifies as tax-free under Sections 368 and 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) except for cash received in lieu of fractional shares of News Corp stock and (ii) an opinion from the law firm of Hogan Lovells US LLP confirming the tax-free status of the distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including confirming the satisfaction of the requirements under Section 368 and 355 of the Code not specifically addressed in the IRS private letter ruling. The opinion of Hogan Lovells US LLP will not be binding on the IRS or the courts, and there is no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. 

The private letter ruling and the opinion rely on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations from the Company and News Corp regarding the past and future conduct of our respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the opinion, the IRS could determine on audit that the distribution or the internal transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated, or that the distribution or the internal transactions should be taxable for other reasons, including as a result of a significant change in stock or asset ownership after the distribution. If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, the distribution could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and U.S. stockholders and certain non-U.S. stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. In addition, if the internal reorganization and/or the distribution is ultimately determined to be taxable, the Company would recognize gains on the internal reorganization and/or recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of the News Corp common stock distributed to our stockholders on the distribution date over our tax basis in such shares of our common stock. 

We Could Be Liable for Income Taxes Owed by News Corp. 

Each member of our consolidated group, which until June 28, 2013 included News Corp and each of our other subsidiaries, is jointly and severally liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of each other member of the consolidated group. Consequently, we could be liable in the event any such liability is incurred, and not discharged, by any other member of our consolidated group. Under the terms of the tax sharing and indemnification agreement that we entered into in connection with the Separation, we will be required to indemnify News Corp for any such liability. Disputes or assessments could arise during future audits by the IRS in amounts that we cannot quantify. 

We Might Not Be Able to Engage in Desirable Strategic Transactions and Equity Issuances Because of Certain Restrictions Relating to Requirements for Tax-Free Distributions for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes. 

Our ability to engage in significant strategic transactions and equity issuances may be limited or restricted in order to preserve, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the tax-free nature of the distribution. Even if the distribution otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, it may result in corporate level taxable gain to us under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50% or more, by vote or value, of shares of our stock or News Corp’s stock are acquired or issued as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the distribution. 

To preserve the tax-free treatment of the distribution and the internal transactions in connection with the distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, under the tax sharing and indemnification agreement that we entered into with News Corp, we will be prohibited from taking or failing to take certain actions that may prevent the distribution and related transactions from being tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Further, for the two-year period following the distribution, we may be prohibited from: 

·

approving or allowing any transaction that results in a change in ownership of more than a specified percentage of our common stock, 

·

a merger, 

·

a redemption of equity securities exceeding 20% of its outstanding capital stock, 

·

a sale or other disposition of certain businesses or a specified percentage of our assets, or 

31

·

an acquisition of a business or assets with equity securities to the extent one or more persons would acquire in excess of a specified percentage of our common stock 

These restrictions may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new business or other transactions that may maximize the value of our business. 

The Separation and Distribution Agreement May Restrict Us From Acquiring or Owning Certain Types of Assets in the U.S. 

The FCC has promulgated certain rules and regulations that limit the ownership of radio and television broadcast stations, television broadcast networks and newspapers (the “Broadcast Ownership Rules”). Under the FCC’s rules for determining ownership of the media assets described above, the Murdoch Family Trust’s ownership interest in both News Corp and the Company following the Separation would generally result in each company’s businesses and assets being attributable to the Murdoch Family Trust for purposes of determining compliance with the Broadcast Ownership Rules. Consequently, our future conduct, including the acquisition of any broadcast networks, or stations or any newspapers, in the same local markets in which News Corp owns or operates newspapers or has acquired television stations, may affect News Corp’s ability to own and operate its newspapers or any television stations it acquires or otherwise comply with the Broadcast Ownership Rules. Therefore, we and News Corp agreed in the Separation and Distribution Agreement that if the Company acquires, after the Separation, newspapers, radio or television broadcast stations or television broadcast networks in the U.S. and such acquisition would impede or be reasonably likely to impede News Corp’s business, then the Company will be required to take certain actions, including divesting assets, in order to permit News Corp to hold its media interests and to comply with such rules. This agreement will effectively limit the activities or strategic business alternatives available to us if such activities or strategic business alternatives implicate the Broadcast Ownership Rules and would impede or be reasonably likely to impede News Corp’s business. 

The Indemnification Arrangements We Entered Into With News Corp in Connection With the Separation May Require Us to Divert Cash to Satisfy Indemnification Obligations to News Corp. 

Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement and certain other related agreements, the Company agreed to indemnify News Corp for certain liabilities and News Corp agreed to indemnify the Company for certain liabilities. As a result, we could be required, under certain circumstances, to indemnify News Corp against certain liabilities to the extent such liabilities result from an action we or our affiliates take or from any breach of our or our affiliates’ representations, covenants or obligations under the Separation and Distribution Agreement, tax sharing and indemnification agreement or any other agreement entered into in connection with the Separation. 

Certain of Our Directors and Officers May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest Because of Their Equity Ownership in News Corp, and Certain of Our Officers and Directors May Have Actual or Potential Conflicts of Interest Because They Also Serve as Officers and/or on the Board of Directors of News Corp. 

Certain of our directors and executive officers own shares of News Corp’s common stock, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. In addition, certain of our officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of News Corp, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer K. Rupert Murdoch, who serves as News Corp’s Executive Chairman, our Non-Executive Co-Chairman Lachlan K. Murdoch, who serves as News Corp’s Non-Executive Co-Chairman and our Group General Counsel Gerson Zweifach, who serves as News Corp’s General Counsel. This ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for News Corp and us. 

For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between News Corp and us regarding the terms of the agreements governing the internal reorganization, the distribution and the relationship thereafter between the companies, including with respect to the indemnification of certain matters. In addition to any other arrangements that the Company and News Corp may agree to implement, the Company and News Corp agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies.

32