".

Research and Development

                  During
the year ended March 31, 2008, we spent $670,973,000 for research
and development, as compared to $941,003,000 and $410,431,000 in
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively.
Included in research and development expense are payments made
pursuant to licensing and acquisition agreements for new product
opportunities where FDA approval has not yet been received and
accordingly payments made in connection with acquiring the product
rights are charged to research and development. Research and
development expense for fiscal 2008 included an upfront payment of
$70,000,000 in connection with the collaboration agreement with
Ironwood for the rights to co-develop and co-market linaclotide and
an upfront license payment of approximately $110,000,000 made to
Novexel in connection with the acquisition of rights to develop,
manufacture and commercialize NXL104 in combination with
ceftaroline. Research and development expenses for fiscal 2007
included approximately $476,000,000 of acquisition and related
costs incurred in the acquisition of Cerexa, which was treated as
the acquisition of in-process research and development and
approximately $60,000,000 in upfront license payments to Almirall
for aclidinium. With respect to the 2006 fiscal year, such payments
included upfront and milestone payments of $75,000,000 and
$60,000,000 to Mylan and Replidyne, Inc., respectively, in
connection with our acquisition of rights to nebivolol and
faropenem medoxomil. During fiscal 2007, we terminated our further
participation in faropenem development. Other research and
development expenditures consist primarily of the conduct of
pre-clinical and clinical studies required to obtain approval of
new products, as well as clinical studies designed to further
differentiate our products from those of our competitors or to
obtain additional labeling indications.

Employees

                  At
March 31, 2008, we had a total of 5,211 employees.

Patents and Trademarks

                  Forest
seeks to obtain, where possible, patents and trademarks for
Forest’s products in the United States and all countries of
major marketing interest to Forest. Forest owns or has licenses to
a substantial number of patents and patent applications. Several of
these patents, which expire during the period 2012 to 2021, are
believed to be of material importance in the operation of
Forest’s business. Forest believes that patents, licenses and
trademarks (or related group of patents, licenses, or trademarks)
covering our marketed products are material in relation to
Forest’s business as a whole.

                  The
following patents, licenses and trademarks are significant for
Forest’s business: those related to Lexapro, those related to
Namenda, those related to olmesartan medoxomil (which is sold under
the trademark Benicar, and Benicar HCT) and those related to
Bystolic. The U.S. composition of matter patent covering
escitalopram oxalate is licensed from Lundbeck and will expire in
2012. The principal U.S. method of use patent related to memantine
hydrochloride is licensed from Merz and will expire in 2010.
(Forest has filed a patent term extension application to extend
this patent until 2013.) The U.S. composition of matter patent
covering olmesartan medoxomil is owned by Daiichi-Sankyo and
expires in 2016. A U.S. method of use patent related to olmesartan
medoxomil/hydrochlorothiazide expires in 2021. Forest and Daiichi
Sankyo are parties to a co-promotion agreement with respect to
Benicar and Benicar HCT pursuant to which Forest will continue to
receive contract revenues through March 2014. The U.S. composition
of matter patent covering nebivolol hydrochloride is licensed from
Mylan and expires in 2020 (Forest has submitted a patent term
extension application to extend this patent until 2021). On January
26, 2007, Janssen Pharmaceutica N.V., the owner of the patent,
filed a request with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (or the
Office) for re-examination of the patent covering nebivolol
hydrochloride. While the timing for resolution of the
re-examination cannot be predicted, we expect that the Office will
again certify that the claims of the patent are valid. Litigation
involving Forest’s patents covering escitalopram oxalate and
memantine HCl is discussed at "Item 3. Legal
Proceedings".

                  When
a product patent expires, the patent holder often loses effective
market exclusivity for the product. This can result in a severe and
rapid decline in sales of the formerly patented product,
particularly in the United States. However, in some cases the
innovator company may achieve exclusivity beyond the expiry of the
product patent through manufacturing trade secrets, later-expiring
patents on methods of use or formulations, or data-based
exclusivity that may be available under pharmaceutical regulatory
laws.

                  We
own or exclusively license various trademarks and trade names which
we believe are of significant benefit to our business.

Backlog - Seasonality

                  Backlog
of orders is not considered material to our business prospects. Our
business is not seasonal in nature.



We are Substantially Dependent on Sales of Our Two Principal
Products.

                  For
the 2008 fiscal year, sales of Lexapro and Namenda accounted for
66% and 24%, respectively, of our net sales. Any unexpected
negative development with respect to such products (for example,
loss of market exclusivity or an unexpected safety or efficacy
concern) would have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition and liquidity. While the validity
and enforceability of our patent covering escitalopram, the active
ingredient in Lexapro, were upheld in September 2007 by decision of
the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, we are
currently prosecuting patent infringement litigation against a
generic manufacturer who is seeking FDA approval to market a
generic equivalent to Lexapro. In addition, we have instituted
patent infringement litigation against multiple generic
manufacturers who are seeking FDA approval to market generic
versions of Namenda. See "Item 3. Legal Proceedings".

Pharmaceutical Research is Expensive and Uncertain.

                  New
product development is subject to a great deal of uncertainty, risk
and expense. Promising pharmaceutical candidates may fail at
various stages of the research and development process, often after
a great deal of financial and other resources have been invested in
their exploration and development. Further, even where
pharmaceutical development is successfully completed, a product may
fail to reach the market or have limited commercial success because
the safety and efficacy profile achieved during the course of
development is not as favorable as originally anticipated or
favorable in light of new and competing therapies which may become
available during the lengthy period of drug development.

Regulatory Compliance Issues Could Materially Affect Our
Operations.

                  The
marketing and promotional practices of pharmaceutical
manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers
interact with prescribers of pharmaceutical products and other
healthcare decision makers, are subject to extensive regulation.
Such regulation takes the form of explicit governmental regulation
and guidance, as well as practices established by healthcare and
industry codes of conduct. In addition, both federal and state
governmental authorities actively seek to enforce such regulations
and can assert both civil and criminal theories of enforcement not
specifically prescribed by published regulations or standards and
accordingly with little objective guidance to permit voluntary
industry compliance. Such enforcement can include actions initially
commenced by "whistleblowers" under the Federal False Claims Act
which provides incentives to whistleblowers based upon penalties
successfully imposed as a result of the investigation or related
legal proceedings or settlements. See "Item 3. Legal
Proceedings" for information about pending government
investigations of our marketing and promotional practices. There
can be no assurance that the resolution of pending or future
claims, as well as the resolution of shareholder or consumer
litigation which may be associated with any such claims or their
resolution, will not entail material fines, penalties or settlement
payments. In addition, the manufacturing, testing, storage and
shipment of pharmaceutical products is highly regulated and the
failure to comply with regulatory standards can lead to product
withdrawals or seizures or to delays in FDA approval of products
pending resolution of such issues. Moreover, even when a
manufacturer has fully complied with applicable regulatory
standards, products manufactured and distributed may ultimately
fail to comply with applicable specifications, leading to product
withdrawals or recalls.

Our Business Depends on Intellectual Property
Protection.

                  Our
ability to generate the returns necessary to support our investment
in acquiring and developing new product opportunities, as well as
the commitment of resources to successfully market our products,
greatly depends on effective intellectual property protection to
ensure we can take advantage of lawful market exclusivity.
Manufacturers of generic products have strong incentives to
challenge the patents which cover our principal products. While we
believe that our patent portfolio, together with market exclusivity
periods granted by the Hatch-Waxman Act, offers adequate
exclusivity protection for our current products, there can be no
assurance that some of our patents will not be determined to be
invalid or unenforceable, resulting in unanticipated early generic
competition for the affected product. See "Item 3. Legal
Proceedings" for a description of pending patent litigation
involving Lexapro and Namenda, our principal products.

Our Business Model Currently Depends on the Successful
In-Licensing or Acquisition of New Product Opportunities.

                  In
order to remain competitive, we must continue to develop and launch
new pharmaceutical products. Our pipeline of new products is
currently dependent on the licensing and acquisition of new product
opportunities. To successfully accomplish these transactions, we
commit substantial effort and expense to seeking out, evaluating
and negotiating collaboration arrangements and acquisitions. The
competition for attractive product opportunities may require us to
devote substantial resources to an opportunity with no assurance
that such efforts will result in a commercially successful
product.

Pharmaceutical Cost-Containment Initiatives May Negatively
Affect Our Net Income.

                  The
Medicare Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of
2003 included a prescription drug benefit for Medicare
participants. Companies that negotiate prices on behalf of Medicare
drug plans will have a significant degree of purchasing power and
we expect pricing pressure as a result. In addition, our net income
continues to be impacted by cost-containment initiatives adopted by
managed care organizations and pharmaceutical benefit managers
which negotiate discounted prices from pharmaceutical manufacturers
in order to secure placement on formularies adopted by such
organizations or their health-plan or employer customers. Failure
to be included in such formularies or to achieve favorable
formulary status may negatively impact the utilization of our
products.

We Face Substantial Competition from Other Pharmaceutical
Manufacturers and Generic Product Distributors.

                  Our
industry is characterized by significant technological innovation
and change. Many of our competitors are conducting research and
development activities in therapeutic areas served by our products
and our product-development candidates. The introduction of novel
therapies as alternatives to our products may negatively impact our
revenues or reduce the value of specific product development
programs. In addition, generic alternatives to branded products,
including alternatives to brands of other manufacturers in
therapeutic categories where we market products, may be preferred
by doctors, patients or third-party payors.

Our Business, and in Particular the Treatment of CNS
Disorders, Presents Risk of Product Liability Claims.

                  As
more fully discussed in "Item 3. Legal Proceedings", we are
subject to approximately 45 legal actions asserting product
liability claims relating to the use of Celexa or Lexapro. These
cases include claims for wrongful death from suicide or injury from
suicide attempts while using Celexa or Lexapro. We believe that
suicide and related events are inherent in the symptoms and
consequences of major depressive disorder and therefore these types
of occurrences are not unexpected from patients who are being
treated for such condition, including patients who may be using our
products. While we believe there is no merit to the cases which
have been brought against us, litigation is inherently subject to
uncertainties and there can be no assurance that we will not be
required to expend substantial amounts in the defense or resolution
of some of these matters.

The Effective Rate of Taxation upon Our Results of Operations
is Dependent on Multi-National Tax Considerations.

                  A
portion of our earnings is taxed at more favorable rates applicable
to the activities undertaken by our subsidiaries based or
incorporated in the Republic of Ireland. Changes in tax laws or in
their application or interpretation, such as to the transfer
pricing between Forest’s non-U.S. operations and the United
States, could increase our effective tax rate and negatively affect
our results of operations. Our transfer pricing is the subject of
an ongoing audit by the Internal Revenue Service (or IRS). In
connection with such audit, the IRS has issued a Revenue Agent
Report which seeks to assess approximately $206.7 million of
additional corporation income tax with respect to the 2002 and 2003
fiscal years, excluding interest and penalties. We continue to
disagree with the IRS position and have filed a formal written
protest of the proposed adjustment. If the IRS prevails in a
position that increases the U.S. tax liability in excess of
established reserves, it is likely that the IRS could make similar
claims for years subsequent to fiscal 2003 which could be material.
See Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated
by reference herein.

Our Business Could be Negatively Affected by the Performance
of Our Collaboration Partners.

                  Our
principal products, as well as certain of our principal product
development opportunities, involve strategic alliances with other
companies. Our alliance partners typically possess significant
patents or other technology which are licensed to us and remain
significantly involved in product research and development
activities and in the exclusive manufacture and supply of active
pharmaceutical ingredients upon which our products are based. While
some of our collaboration partners are large well-established
companies, others are smaller companies, often in the "start-up"
stage. A failure or inability of our partners to perform their
collaboration obligations could materially negatively affect our
operations or business plans. In addition, while our relationships
with our strategic partners have been good, differences of opinion
upon significant matters arise from time to time. Any such
differences of opinion, as well as disputes or conflicting
corporate priorities, could be a source of delay or uncertainty as
to the expected benefits of the alliance.

Many of Our Principal Products and Active Pharmaceutical
Ingredients are Only Available From a Single Manufacturing
Source.

                  As
described immediately above, many of the proprietary active
ingredients in our principal products are available to us only
pursuant to contractual supply arrangements with our collaboration
partners. In addition, our manufacturing facilities in the Republic
of Ireland are the exclusive qualified manufacturing facilities for
finished dosage forms of our principal products, including Lexapro
and Namenda. While we continue to expand our manufacturing
capabilities (see "Item 2. Properties"), difficulties or
delays in product manufacture or the inability to locate and
qualify third party alternative sources, if necessary, in a timely
manner, could lead to shortages or long-term product
unavailability, which would adversely affect our operations and
results.