”.

19

Table of Contents

Research and Development

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012, we recorded $796.9 million for research and development (R&D) expense, as compared to $715.9 million and $1.1 billion in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively.  Included in R&D expense are payments made pursuant to licensing and acquisition agreements for new product opportunities where FDA approval has not yet been received.  R&D expense for fiscal 2012 included an upfront payment of $40 million to Blue Ash for the worldwide rights to azimilide; R&D expense for fiscal 2011 included an upfront payment of $66.1 million to Grünenthal for the co-development and commercialization of GRT 6005 and its follow-on compound GRT 6006 and a $50 million upfront license payment to TransTech for the development and commercialization of TTP399.  R&D expense for fiscal 2010 included a licensing payment of $229 million to AstraZeneca for additional rights to avibactam and the United States and Canadian rights to products containing avibactam, including ceftazidime/avibactam, a $100 million licensing payment to Nycomed for the United States rights to Daliresp, and a $75 million licensing payment to Almirall for the United States rights to LAS100977.  Other R&D expenditures consist primarily of pre-clinical and clinical studies required to obtain approval of new products, as well as clinical studies designed to further differentiate our products from those of our competitors or to obtain additional labeling indications.

Employees

At March 31, 2012, we employed approximately 5,700 employees.

Patents and Trademarks

Forest seeks to obtain, where possible, patents and trademarks for our products in the United States and all countries of major marketing interest to Forest.  We own or have licenses to a substantial number of patents and patent applications.  Several of these patents, which expire during the period 2015 to 2021, are believed to be of material importance in the operation of Forest’s business.  We believe that patents, licenses and trademarks (or related groups of patents, licenses, or trademarks) covering our marketed products are material in relation to our business as a whole.

The following patents, licenses and trademarks are significant for our business:  those related to Namenda (memantine hydrochloride), those related to Benicar (olmesartan medoxomil) and Benicar HCT (olmesartan medoxomil and hydrochlorothiazide), those related to Bystolic (nebivolol hydrochloride), those related to Savella (milnacipran hydrochloride), those related to Teflaro (ceftaroline fosamil), those related to Daliresp (roflumilast), and those related to Viibryd (vilazodone hydrochloride).  The principal U.S. method of use patent covering Namenda is licensed from Merz and expires in 2015.  The U.S. pharmaceutical composition of matter patent covering Bystolic was acquired by us from Janssen in March 2012 and expires in 2021.  The principal method of use patent covering Savella is licensed from Cypress and expires in 2021 (Cypress has submitted a patent term extension application to extend this patent until 2023).  The U.S. composition of matter patent covering Teflaro is licensed from Takeda and expires in 2018 (Takeda has submitted a patent term extension application to extend this patent until 2022).  The U.S. composition of matter patent covering Daliresp is licensed from Nycomed and expires in 2015 (Nycomed has filed a patent term extension application to extend this patent until 2020).  The U.S. composition of matter patent covering Viibryd is licensed from Merck and expires in 2014 (Trovis Pharmaceuticals, LLC, a subsidiary of Clinical Data, has filed a patent term extension application to extend this patent until 2019).  The U.S. composition of matter patent covering Benicar and Benicar HCT is owned by Daiichi Sankyo, Inc. (Sankyo) and expires in 2016.  A U.S. method of use patent related to Benicar HCT expires in 2021.  Forest and Sankyo are parties to a co-promotion agreement with respect to Benicar and Benicar HCT pursuant to which Forest will continue to receive contract revenues through March 2014.  Litigation involving Forest’s patents covering Bystolic is discussed in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings”.

20

Table of Contents

When a product patent expires, the patent holder often loses effective market exclusivity for the product.  This can result in a severe and rapid decline in sales of the formerly patented product, particularly in the United States.  However, in some cases the innovator company may achieve exclusivity beyond the expiry of the product patent through manufacturing trade secrets, later-expiring patents on methods of use or formulations, or data-based exclusivity that may be available under pharmaceutical regulatory laws.

We own or exclusively license various trademarks and trade names which we believe are of significant benefit to our business.

Backlog - Seasonality

Backlog of orders is not considered material to our business prospects.  Our business is not seasonal in nature.



We operate in an industry which involves a number of significant risks, some of which are beyond our control.  The following discussion highlights some of these risks and others are discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K.  The risks discussed herein and other risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  Additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations.  You should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Form 10-K, including the following risk factors, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities.  This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  Our results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks we face as described below and elsewhere.  See “Item 1. Business” Cautionary
 Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.

One of Our Major Products Now Faces Generic Competition and Others May Face Generic Competition in the Near Future

Forest depends upon patents to provide exclusive marketing rights for products.  As product patents expire, we face strong competition from lower priced generic drugs.  Loss of patent protection for one of our products typically leads to a rapid loss of sales for that product, as lower priced generic versions of that drug become available.  In the case of products that contribute significantly to sales, the loss of patent protection can have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flow.

For the 2012 fiscal year, sales of Lexapro accounted for 48% of our net sales.  With the expiration of the patent for Lexapro in March 2012, Lexapro now faces generic competition which has eroded and will continue to significantly erode sales and we expect will result in the loss of substantially all U.S. sales of Lexapro within the first full year of generic competition.  In addition, Namenda, which accounted for 32% of our net sales in fiscal 2012, is expected to lose patent exclusivity in fiscal 2015.

21

Table of Contents

Our Business Depends on Intellectual Property Protection.

Our ability to generate the revenue necessary to support our investment in acquiring and developing new product opportunities, as well as the commitment of resources to successfully market our products, greatly depends on effective intellectual property protection to ensure we can take advantage of lawful market exclusivity.  Manufacturers of generic products have strong incentives to challenge the patents which cover our principal products.  While we believe that our patent portfolio, together with market exclusivity periods granted by the Hatch-Waxman Act, offers adequate exclusivity protection for our current products, there can be no assurance that some of our patents will not be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, resulting in unanticipated early generic competition for the affected product.  For example and as disclosed in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” below and in Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, we have recently brought actions for infringement of U.S. Patent No. 6,545,040 (the ‘040 patent) in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware and the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against several companies who have notified us that they have filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking to obtain approval to market generic versions of Bystolic before the ‘040 patent expires on December 21, 2021.  Further, Synergy Pharmaceuticals has recently filed a request for Inter Partes Reexamination  with the United States Patent and Trademark Office directed to U.S. Patent 7,704,947 (the ‘947 Patent),  which covers a group of peptides that includes linaclotide and related molecules.  The Patent and Trademark Office has not yet decided whether to order reexamination of this patent.  The ‘947 Patent is one of several issued patents and pending applications, including a linaclotide composition of matter and methods of use patent (U.S. Patent 7,304,036) as well as additional patents and applications covering processes for making linaclotide, formulations, and dosing regimens, which we have licensed from Ironwood.

We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how that we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality agreements with our partners, customers, employees and consultants.  It is possible that these agreements will be breached or that they will not be enforceable in every instance, and that we will not have adequate remedies for any such breach.  It is also possible that our trade secrets will become known or independently developed by our competitors.

Loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by generic substitutes, reducing our sales of that product.  Availability of generic substitutes for our drugs may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.  In addition, proposals emerge from time to time in the United States and other countries for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs.

If we are unable to adequately protect our technology, trade secrets or proprietary know-how, or enforce our patents, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer.

Our Business Model Currently Depends on the Successful In-Licensing or Acquisition of New Product Opportunities.

In order to remain competitive, we must continue to develop and launch new pharmaceutical products.  Our pipeline of new products is currently dependent on the licensing and acquisition of new product opportunities.  To successfully accomplish these transactions, we commit substantial effort and expense to seeking out, evaluating and negotiating collaboration arrangements and acquisitions.  The competition for attractive product opportunities may require us to devote substantial resources to an opportunity with no assurance that such efforts will result in a commercially successful product.

Our Business Could be Negatively Affected by the Performance of Our Collaboration Partners.

Our principal products, as well as certain of our principal product development opportunities, involve strategic alliances with other companies.  Our alliance partners typically possess significant patents or other technology which are licensed to us and remain significantly involved in product research and development activities and in the exclusive manufacture and supply of active pharmaceutical ingredients upon which our products are based.  While some of our collaboration partners are large well-established companies, others are smaller companies, often in the “start-up” stage.  A failure or inability of our partners to perform their collaboration obligations could materially negatively affect our operations or business plans.  In addition, while our relationships with our strategic partners have been good, differences of opinion on significant matters arise from time to time.  Any such differences of opinion, as well as disputes or conflicting corporate priorities, could be a source of delay or uncertainty as to the expected benefits of the alliance.

22

Table of Contents

If We Are Unable to Successfully Develop or Commercialize New Products, Our Operating Results May Suffer.

Our future results of operations will depend to a significant degree upon our ability to successfully develop and commercialize new products.  New product development is subject to a great deal of uncertainty, risk and expense.  Promising pharmaceutical candidates may fail at various stages of the research and development process, often after a great deal of financial and other resources have been invested in their exploration and development.  Even where pharmaceutical development is successfully completed, a product may fail to reach the market or have limited commercial success because the safety and efficacy profile achieved during the course of development is not as favorable as originally anticipated or is viewed by the marketplace as less favorable in comparison to new and competing therapies which may become available during the lengthy period of drug development.  In addition, decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters could adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products.

We cannot state with certainty when or whether any of our products now under development will be approved or launched; whether we will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire compounds, product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful.  We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose patent protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies.  Failure to do so in the short-term or long-term would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial position and prospects.

Post-Approval Clinical Trials and Developments Could Adversely Affect the Sales of our Products.

As a condition to granting marketing approval of a product, the FDA may require a company to conduct additional clinical trials.  The results generated in these trials could result in loss of marketing approval, changes in product labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about side effects or efficacy of a product.  The FDAAA gives the FDA enhanced post-market authority, including the explicit authority to require post-market studies and clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety information and compliance with FDA-approved risk evaluation and mitigation strategies.  The FDA’s exercise of its authority under the FDAAA could result in delays or increased costs during product development, clinical trials and regulatory review, increased costs to comply with additional post-approval regulatory requirements and potential restrictions on sales of approved products.  Post-marketing studies, whether conducted by us or by others and whether mandated by regulatory agencies or voluntary, and other emerging data about marketed products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect sales of our products.  Further, the discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate (or are perceived to implicate) an entire class of products could have an adverse effect on sales of our products.  Accordingly, new data about our products, or products similar to our products, could negatively impact demand for our products due to real or perceived side effects or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in product withdrawal.  Furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of our products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales.  Such guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of our products.  A violation of the law may result in substantial civil and criminal monetary and other penalties.

23

Table of Contents

Many of Our Principal Products and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients are Only Available From a Single Manufacturing Source.

Many of the proprietary active ingredients in our principal products are available to us only pursuant to contractual supply arrangements with our collaboration partners.  In addition, our manufacturing facilities in the Republic of Ireland are the exclusive qualified manufacturing facilities for finished dosage forms of our principal products, including Namenda, Bystolic and Savella.  Difficulties or delays in the product supply chain, both within and outside of our control, or the inability to locate and qualify third party alternative sources, if necessary, in a timely manner, could lead to shortages or long-term product unavailability, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Regulatory Compliance Issues Could Materially Affect Our Financial Position and Results of Operations.

The marketing and promotional practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers interact with prescribers of pharmaceutical products and other healthcare decision makers, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous federal, state and local governmental authorities in the United States, including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities.  Such regulation takes the form of explicit governmental regulation and guidance, as well as practices established by healthcare and industry codes of conduct.  In addition, federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities actively seek to enforce such regulations and can assert both civil and criminal theories of enforcement not specifically prescribed by published regulations or standards and accordingly with little objective guidance to permit voluntary industry compliance.  Such enforcement can include actions initially commenced by “whistleblowers” under the Federal False Claims Act which provides incentives to whistleblowers based upon penalties successfully imposed as a result of the investigation or related legal proceedings or settlements.  There can be no assurance that the resolution of pending or future claims, as well as the resolution of private party (such as consumers or third-party payer) litigation which may be associated with any such claims or their resolution, will not entail material fines, penalties or settlement payments.  See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” for information about pending government investigations and litigation concerning our marketing and promotional practices and certain third-party payer litigation pending against us.  We are now operating under a CIA with the OIG-HHS that requires us to maintain our current compliance program and to undertake a set of defined corporate integrity obligations for a period of five years.  The CIA also provides for an independent third-party review organization to assess and report on our compliance program.  While we expect to fully and timely comply with all of our obligations under the CIA, the failure to do so could result in substantial penalties and our being excluded from government healthcare programs.  In addition, the manufacture, testing, storage and shipment of pharmaceutical products are highly regulated and the failure to comply with regulatory standards can lead to product withdrawals or seizures or to delays in FDA approval of products pending resolution of such issues.  Moreover, even when a manufacturer has fully complied with applicable regulatory standards, products manufactured and distributed may ultimately fail to comply with applicable specifications, leading to product withdrawals or recalls.

24

Table of Contents

Pharmaceutical Cost-Containment Initiatives May Negatively Affect Our Net Income.

The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 included a prescription drug benefit for Medicare participants.  Companies that negotiate prices on behalf of Medicare drug plans will have a significant degree of purchasing power and we expect pricing pressure as a result.  Our net income also continues to be impacted by cost-containment initiatives adopted by managed care organizations and pharmaceutical benefit managers which negotiate discounted prices from pharmaceutical manufacturers in order to secure placement on formularies adopted by such organizations or their health plan or employer customers.  Failure to be included in such formularies or to achieve favorable formulary status may negatively impact the utilization of our products.  In addition, some states have implemented, and other states are considering, price controls or patient-access constraints under the Medicaid program and some states are considering price-control regimes that would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not Medicaid eligible.

Healthcare Reform in the United States May Adversely Affect Our Revenues.

The United States healthcare industry has been, and will likely continue to be, subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action.  Recently, major United States healthcare reform has been adopted into law which, in addition to other measures, impacts rebates paid to public and private payers and affects patient access to pharmaceutical products.  The reform measures call for, among other things, an increase in certain Medicare drug rebates paid by pharmaceutical manufacturers and an industry fee imposed on pharmaceutical manufacturers according to the individual manufacturer’s relative percentage of total industry sales to specified government programs.  At this time no assurances can be given that these measures, or any other measures included in the reform acts, will not have an adverse effect on our revenues in the future.

Our Business, and in Particular the Treatment of CNS Disorders, Presents Risk of Product Liability Claims.

As more fully discussed in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings”, we are subject to approximately 93 legal actions asserting product liability claims relating to the use of Celexa or Lexapro.  These cases include claims for wrongful death from suicide or injury from suicide attempts while using Celexa or Lexapro as well as claims that Celexa or Lexapro caused birth defects or persistent pulmonary hypertension in newborns (PPHN).  Further, while we believe there is no merit to the cases which have been brought against us, litigation is inherently subject to uncertainties and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to expend substantial amounts in the defense or resolution of some of these matters.

We Face Substantial Competition from Other Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Generic Product Distributors.

Our industry is characterized by significant technological innovation and change.  Many of our competitors are conducting research and development activities in therapeutic areas served by our products and our product-development candidates.  The introduction of novel therapies as alternatives to our products may negatively impact our revenues or reduce the value of specific product development programs.  In addition, generic alternatives to branded products, including alternatives to brands of other manufacturers in therapeutic categories where we market products, may be preferred by doctors, patients or third-party payers.

25

Table of Contents

The Effective Rate of Taxation upon Our Results of Operations is Dependent on Multi-National Tax Considerations.

A portion of our earnings is taxed at more favorable rates applicable to the activities undertaken by our subsidiaries based or incorporated in Europe.  Changes in tax laws or in their application or interpretation, such as to the transfer pricing between Forest’s non-U.S. operations and the U.S., could increase our effective tax rate and negatively affect our results of operations.  Our transfer pricing is the subject of an ongoing audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for fiscal years 2004, 2005 and 2006.  This audit is in the early stages and no substantive transfer pricing discussions for the years under audit have occurred.  If the IRS prevails in a position that increases the U.S. tax liability in excess of the established reserves, it is likely that the IRS could make similar claims for years subsequent to fiscal 2006 which could be material.  See Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein.

Our Consolidated Financial Statements May be Impacted in Future Periods Based on the Accuracy of Our Valuations of Our Acquired Businesses.

Accounting for business combinations involves complex and subjective valuations of the assets and liabilities of the acquired entity, and in some instances contingent consideration, which is recorded in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements pursuant to the standards applicable for business combinations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP).  Differences between the inputs and assumptions used in the valuations and actual results could have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements in future periods.

We Have Significant Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.  Consequently, Potential Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangibles May Significantly Impact Our Profitability.

As of March 31, 2012, goodwill and other intangibles represented approximately 38% of our total assets.  Goodwill and other intangible assets are subject to an impairment analysis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  Additionally, goodwill and indefinite-lived assets are subject to an impairment test at least annually.

Events giving rise to impairment are an inherent risk in the pharmaceutical industry and cannot be predicted.  As a result of the significance of goodwill and other intangible assets, our results of operations and financial position in a future period could be negatively impacted should an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets occur.

We Could be Adversely Affected by Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Similar Worldwide Anti-Bribery Laws.

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) prohibits certain individuals and entities, including U.S. publicly traded companies, from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage.  The FCPA also imposes specific recordkeeping and internal controls requirements on U.S. publicly traded companies.  As noted above, our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with government officials, including officials of foreign governments.  Additionally, in many countries outside the U.S., the health care providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by the government and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our payments to these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA.  Recently the SEC and DOJ have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to pharmaceutical companies.

26

Table of Contents