”.

Research and Development

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, we recorded $963.6 million for R&D expense, as compared to $796.9 million and $715.9 million in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  Included in R&D expense are payments made pursuant to licensing and acquisition agreements for new product opportunities where FDA approval has not yet been received.  R&D expense for fiscal 2013 included upfront licensing agreement payments of $71.0 million and milestone payments of $61.5 million.  R&D expense for fiscal 2012 included upfront payments of $40 million and $59.6 million in development milestone expenses; R&D expense for fiscal 2011 included upfront payments of $116.1 million and development milestone expenses of $27.2 million.  Other R&D expenditures consist primarily of pre-clinical and clinical studies required to obtain approval of new products, as well as clinical studies designed to further differentiate our products from those of our competitors or to obtain additional labeling indications.

Employees

At March 31, 2013, we employed approximately 5,800 employees.

Patents and Trademarks

Forest seeks to obtain, where possible, patents and trademarks for our products in the U.S. and all countries of major marketing interest to Forest.  We own or have licenses to a substantial number of patents and patent applications.  Several of these patents, which expire during the period 2015 to 2021, are believed to be of material importance in the operation of Forest’s business.  We believe that patents, licenses and trademarks (or related groups of patents, licenses, or trademarks) covering our marketed products are material in relation to our business as a whole.

Product Name

Approved Indication

Date of Last U.S. Patent Exclusivity

Namenda

Treatment of moderate to severe dementia of the Alzheimer’s type

2015

Bystolic

Treatment of hypertension

2021

Viibryd

Treatment of adults with MDD

2022

Savella

Treatment of fibromyalgia

2029

Daliresp

Treatment to reduce the risk of COPD

2020

Teflaro

Treatment of adults with community-acquired bacterial pneumonia

2031

Linzess

Treatment of IBS-C or CIC.

2026

Tudorza

Treatment of bronchospasm

2025

When a product patent expires, the patent holder often loses effective market exclusivity for the product.  This can result in a severe and rapid decline in sales of the formerly patented product, particularly in the U.S.  However, in some cases the innovator company may achieve exclusivity beyond the expiry of the product patent through manufacturing trade secrets, later-expiring patents on methods of use or formulations, or data-based exclusivity that may be available under pharmaceutical regulatory laws.

17

Table of Contents

We own or exclusively license various trademarks and trade names which we believe are of significant benefit to our business.

Backlog - Seasonality

Backlog of orders is not considered material to our business prospects.  Our business is not seasonal in nature.



We operate in an industry which involves a number of significant risks, some of which are beyond our control.  The following discussion highlights some of these risks and others are discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K.  The risks discussed herein and other risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.  Additional risks not currently known to us or that we presently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations.  You should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Form 10-K, including the following risk factors, before making an investment decision with respect to our securities.  This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.  Our results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks we face as described below and elsewhere.  See “Item 1. Business” Cautionary
 Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.

Our Major Products Face Generic Competition Upon Patent Expiration

Forest depends upon patents to provide exclusive marketing rights for products. As product patents expire, we face strong competition from lower priced generic drugs. Loss of patent protection for one of our products typically leads to a rapid loss of sales for that product, as lower priced generic versions of that drug become available. In the case of products that contribute significantly to sales, the loss of patent protection can have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flow.

Listed below are the Company’s significant patent-protected products which, in total, contributed 74% of consolidated net sales for the year ended March 31, 2013.

For the year ended March 31, 2013

Product

Net Sales

% of Total Net Sales

Date of Last U.S. Patent Exclusivity

(In thousands)

Namenda

1,520,640

52

%

2015

Bystolic

455,092

16

%

2021

Viibryd

162,511

6

%

2022

18

Table of Contents

Our Business Depends on Intellectual Property Protection.

Our ability to generate the revenue necessary to support our investment in acquiring and developing new product opportunities, as well as the commitment of resources to successfully market our products, greatly depends on effective intellectual property protection to ensure we can take advantage of lawful market exclusivity.  Manufacturers of generic products have strong incentives to challenge the patents which cover our principal products.  While we believe that our patent portfolio, together with market exclusivity periods granted by the Hatch-Waxman Act, offers adequate exclusivity protection for our current products, there can be no assurance that some of our patents will not be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, resulting in unanticipated early generic competition for the affected product.  For example and as disclosed in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” below and in Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, we have recently brought actions against certain manufacturers of generic drugs for infringement of the U.S. pharmaceutical composition of matter patent covering Bystolic, two of which remain ongoing.    Loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by generic substitutes, reducing our sales of that product.  Even with patent protection, we may face reduced product sales since generic manufacturers may choose in some cases to launch a generic product “at risk” before the expiration of the applicable patent(s) or before the final resolution of related patent litigation.  Availability of generic substitutes for our drugs may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.  In addition, proposals emerge from time to time in the U.S. and other countries for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs.

  We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how that we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality agreements with our partners, customers, employees and consultants.  It is possible that these agreements could be breached or that they will not be enforceable in every instance, and that we will not have adequate remedies for any such breach.  It is also possible that our trade secrets will become known or independently developed by our competitors.

  If we are unable to adequately protect our technology, trade secrets or proprietary know-how, or enforce our patents, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer.

Our Company has Become Increasingly Dependent on Information Technology.

We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure.  Due to the size and complexity of these systems, any breakdown or unauthorized access to these systems could negatively impact our operations.  Also, confidential information or any privacy breaches by employees could expose trade secrets, personal information, or other sensitive data.  Any of these situations can cause business interruption and adversely affect our business.  We have invested heavily in the protection of our information technology and infrastructure.  We cannot, however, guarantee that our efforts can prevent such breakdown or breaches in our systems.

Our Business Model Currently Depends on the Successful In-Licensing or Acquisition of New Product Opportunities.

In order to remain competitive, we must continue to develop and launch new pharmaceutical products.  Our pipeline of new products is currently dependent on the licensing and acquisition of new product opportunities.  To successfully accomplish these transactions, we commit substantial effort and expense to seeking out, evaluating and negotiating collaboration arrangements and acquisitions.  The competition for attractive product opportunities may require us to devote substantial resources to an opportunity with no assurance that such efforts will result in a commercially successful product.

The Growth of Our Business Depends on Our Ability to Retain and Recruit Key Executives and Qualified Personnel.

The success of our commercial, research and development, and external growth objectives is dependent on our ability to retain  and recruit qualified scientific, manufacturing, sales and marketing, and executive personnel.  If we do not actively retain and recruit these personnel, this could adversely impact the Company’s business.

19

Table of Contents

Failure to Implement our Business Strategy Could Impact Our Growth and Profitability.

   While we currently operate primarily in the U.S. and European markets, we expect to continue to expand into other international markets in the future.  In this regard, we have established a wholly-owned Canadian subsidiary and entered into an agreement which includes a put and call option to acquire rights to a privately-held pharmaceutical company which markets products in Latin America.

     There is no assurance that our international expansion strategy will be successful.  International operations are subject to inherent risks that could adversely affect our operating results, including the risk that our marketing strategies will not translate well to other markets, and that we will need to expend resources to adapt those strategies for such new markets; the need to comply with additional foreign laws and regulations to the extent applicable, including restrictions on advertising practices, consumer protection laws, enforcement of intellectual property rights, and restrictions on pricing or discounts; and unexpected changes in international regulatory requirements and tariffs.

Our Business Could be Negatively Affected by the Performance of Our Partners.

Our principal products, as well as certain of our principal product development opportunities, involve strategic alliances with other companies.  Our alliance partners typically possess significant patents or other technology which are licensed to us and remain significantly involved in product research and development activities and in the exclusive manufacture and supply of active pharmaceutical ingredients upon which our products are based.  While some of our partners are large well-established companies, others may be smaller companies in the “start-up” stage.  A failure or inability of our partners to perform their obligations could materially negatively affect our operations or business plans.  In addition, while our relationships with our strategic partners have been good, differences of opinion on significant matters arise from time to time.  Any such differences of opinion, as well as disputes or conflicting corporate priorities, could be a source of delay or uncertainty as to the expected benefits of the alliance.

We May Experience Delays or Inability to Successfully Develop or Commercialize New Products Which Can Cause Our Operating Results to Suffer.

Our future results of operations will depend to a significant degree upon our ability to successfully develop and/or commercialize new products.  We may experience difficulties and delays in the development or commercialization of new products.  New product development is subject to a great deal of uncertainty, risk and expense.  Promising pharmaceutical candidates may fail at various stages of the research and development process, often after a great deal of financial and other resources have been invested in their exploration and development.  Even where pharmaceutical development is successfully completed, a product may fail to reach the market or have limited commercial success because the safety and efficacy profile achieved during the course of development is not as favorable as originally anticipated or is viewed by the marketplace as less favorable in comparison to new and competing therapies which may become available during the lengthy period of drug development.  In addition, decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling and other matters could adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products.

We cannot state with certainty when or whether any of our products now under development will be approved or launched; whether we will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire compounds, product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful.  We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose patent protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies.  Failure to do so in the short-term or long-term would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial position and prospects.

20

Table of Contents

Post-Approval Clinical Trials and Developments Could Adversely Affect the Sales of our Products.

As a condition to granting marketing approval of a product, the FDA may require a company to conduct additional clinical trials.  The results generated in these trials could result in loss of marketing approval, changes in product labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about side effects or efficacy of a product.  The FDAAA gives the FDA enhanced post-market authority, including the explicit authority to require post-market studies and clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety information and compliance with FDA-approved risk evaluation and mitigation strategies.  The FDA’s exercise of its authority under the FDAAA could result in delays or increased costs during product development, clinical trials and regulatory review, increased costs to comply with additional post-approval regulatory requirements and potential restrictions on sales of approved products.  Post-marketing studies, whether conducted by us or by others and whether mandated by regulatory agencies or voluntary, and other emerging data about marketed products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect sales of our products.  Further, the discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate (or are perceived to implicate) an entire class of products could have an adverse effect on sales of our products.  Accordingly, new data about our products, or products similar to our products, could negatively impact demand for our products due to real or perceived side effects or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in product withdrawal.  Furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of our products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales.  Such guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of our products.  A violation of the law may result in substantial civil and criminal monetary and other penalties.

Many of Our Principal Products and Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients are Only Available From a Single Manufacturing Source.

Many of the proprietary active ingredients in our principal products are available to us only pursuant to contractual supply arrangements with our collaboration partners or single third party sources.  In addition, our manufacturing facilities in the Republic of Ireland are the exclusive qualified manufacturing facilities for finished dosage forms of many of our principal products, including Namenda, Bystolic and Savella.  Difficulties or delays in the product supply chain, both within and outside of our control, or the inability to locate and qualify third party alternative sources, if necessary, in a timely manner, could lead to shortages or long-term product unavailability, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Our Customer Base is Highly Concentrated.

Our principal customers are wholesale drug distributors and comprise a significant part of the distribution network for the pharmaceutical industry in the U.S.  For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013, three key wholesale customers, Cardinal Health Inc., McKesson Corporation, and AmerisourceBergen Corporation, in aggregate, accounted for 87% of our total consolidated gross sales.  Fluctuations in the buying patterns of these key customers could be the result of wholesaler buying decisions, or other factors outside our control, which could significantly impact our net sales.  Also, if one of these customers experiences financial difficulties, the customer may decrease the amount of business it does with us.  This could potentially cause an issue collecting all the amounts the wholesaler may owe us.  These factors could negatively impact our results of operations.

21

Table of Contents

Regulatory Compliance Issues Could Materially Affect Our Financial Position and Results of Operations.

The marketing and promotional practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as the manner in which manufacturers interact with prescribers of pharmaceutical products and other healthcare decision makers, are subject to extensive regulation by numerous federal, state and local governmental authorities in the U.S., including the FDA, and by foreign regulatory authorities.  Such regulation takes the form of explicit governmental regulation and guidance, as well as practices established by healthcare and industry codes of conduct.  In addition, federal, state, local and foreign governmental authorities actively seek to enforce such regulations and can assert both civil and criminal theories of enforcement not specifically prescribed by published regulations or standards and accordingly with little objective guidance to permit voluntary industry compliance.  Such enforcement can include actions initially commenced by “whistleblowers” under the Federal False Claims Act which provides incentives to whistleblowers based upon penalties successfully imposed as a result of the investigation or related legal proceedings or settlements.  There can be no assurance that the resolution of pending or future claims, as well as the resolution of private party (such as consumers or third-party payer) litigation which may be associated with any such claims or their resolution, will not entail material fines, penalties or settlement payments.  See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” for information about pending government investigations and litigation concerning our marketing and promotional practices and certain third-party payer litigation pending against us.

In connection with a previously disclosed settlement of certain claims brought by the U.S. government, we are now operating under a CIA with the OIG-HHS that requires us to maintain our current compliance program and to undertake a set of defined corporate integrity obligations for a period of five years.  The CIA also provides for an independent third-party review organization to assess and report on our compliance program.  While we expect to fully and timely comply with all of our obligations under the CIA, the failure to do so could result in substantial penalties and our being excluded from government healthcare programs.  In addition, the manufacture, testing, storage and shipment of pharmaceutical products are highly regulated and the failure to comply with regulatory standards can lead to product withdrawals or seizures or to delays in FDA approval of products pending resolution of such issues.  Moreover, even when a manufacturer has fully complied with applicable regulatory standards, products manufactured and distributed may ultimately fail to comply with applicable specifications, leading to product withdrawals or recalls.

Pharmaceutical Cost-Containment Initiatives May Negatively Affect Our Net Income.

Pharmaceutical products are subject to increasing price pressures and other restrictions within the U.S. and internationally.  More specifically, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 included a prescription drug benefit for Medicare participants. Companies that negotiate prices on behalf of Medicare drug plans have a significant degree of purchasing power and we experience pricing pressure as a result.  Our net sales also continues to be impacted by cost-containment initiatives adopted by managed care organizations and pharmaceutical benefit managers which negotiate discounted prices from pharmaceutical manufacturers in order to secure placement on formularies adopted by such organizations or their health plan or employer customers.  Failure to be included in such formularies or to achieve favorable formulary status may negatively impact the utilization of our products.  In addition, some states have implemented, and other states are considering, price controls or patient-access constraints under the Medicaid program and some states are considering price-control regimes that would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not Medicaid eligible.

22

Table of Contents

Healthcare Reform in the U.S. May Adversely Affect Our Revenues.

The U.S. healthcare industry has been, and will likely continue to be, subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action.  Recently, major U.S. healthcare reform has been adopted into law which, in addition to other measures, impacts rebates paid to public and private payers and affects patient access to pharmaceutical products.  The reform measures call for, among other things, an increase in certain Medicare drug rebates paid by pharmaceutical manufacturers and an industry fee imposed on pharmaceutical manufacturers according to the individual manufacturer’s relative percentage of total industry sales to specified government programs.  At this time no assurances can be given that these measures, or any other measures included in the reform acts, will not have an adverse effect on our revenues in the future.

Our Business Presents Risk of Product Liability Claims.

We are subject legal actions asserting product liability claims.  We currently maintain $140 million of product liability insurance coverage “per occurrence” and in the aggregate.  There is no assurance that potential future claims asserted against us will be covered by our present insurance coverage.  As product liability claims continue to increase in the pharmaceutical industry, we could experience increased insurance premium costs.

As more fully discussed in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings”, we are subject to approximately 161 legal actions asserting product liability claims relating to the use of Celexa or Lexapro. These cases include claims for wrongful death from suicide or injury from suicide attempts while using Celexa or Lexapro as well as claims that Celexa or Lexapro caused various birth defects in newborns. While we believe there is no merit to the cases which have been brought against us, litigation is inherently subject to uncertainties and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to expend substantial amounts in the defense or resolution of some of these matters.

We Face Substantial Competition from Other Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Generic Product Distributors.

Our industry is characterized by significant technological innovation and change.  Many of our competitors are conducting research and development activities in therapeutic areas served by our products and our product-development candidates.  The introduction of novel therapies as alternatives to our products may negatively impact our revenues or reduce the value of specific product development programs.  In addition, generic alternatives to branded products, including alternatives to brands of other manufacturers in therapeutic categories where we market products, may be preferred by doctors, patients or third-party payers.

The Effective Rate of Taxation upon Our Results of Operations is Dependent on Multi-National Tax Considerations.

A portion of our earnings is taxed at more favorable rates applicable to the activities undertaken by our subsidiaries based or incorporated in Europe.  Changes in tax laws or in their application or interpretation, such as to the transfer pricing between Forest’s non-U.S. operations and the U.S., could increase our effective tax rate and negatively affect our results of operations.  Cash repatriations are subject to restrictions in certain jurisdictions and may be subject to withholding and other taxes.  Our transfer pricing is the subject of an ongoing audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for fiscal years 2004, 2005 and 2006.  See Note 14 to our Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference herein.

23

Table of Contents

Our Consolidated Financial Statements May be Impacted in Future Periods Based on the Accuracy of Our Valuations of Our Acquired Businesses and Other Agreements.

Accounting for business combinations and other agreements may involve complex and subjective valuations of the assets and liabilities recorded as a result of the business combination or other agreement, and in some instances contingent consideration, which is recorded in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements pursuant to the standards applicable for business combinations in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP).  Differences between the inputs and assumptions used in the valuations and actual results could have a material effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements in future periods.

We Have Significant Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.  Consequently, Potential Impairment of Goodwill and Other Intangibles May Significantly Impact Our Profitability.

As of March 31, 2013, goodwill and other intangibles represented approximately 37% of our total assets.  Goodwill and other intangible assets are subject to an impairment analysis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  Additionally, goodwill is subject to an impairment test at least annually.

Events giving rise to impairment are an inherent risk in the pharmaceutical industry and cannot be predicted.  As a result of the significance of goodwill and other intangible assets, our results of operations and financial position in a future period could be negatively impacted should an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets occur.

We Could be Adversely Affected by Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Similar Worldwide Anti-Bribery Laws.

The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) prohibits certain individuals and entities, including U.S. publicly traded companies, from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage.  The FCPA also imposes specific recordkeeping and internal controls requirements on U.S. publicly traded companies.  As noted above, our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with government officials, including officials of foreign governments.  Additionally, in many countries outside the U.S., the healthcare providers who prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by the government and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, our payments to these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the FCPA.  Recently the SEC and DOJ have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to pharmaceutical companies.

The Illegal Distribution of Our Products Could Have a Negative Impact to Our Business and Reputation.

Any third party illegally distributing or selling counterfeit versions of our product could be jeopardizing the health of many individuals.  These counterfeit products do not go through our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards and may not be stored the proper warehouse conditions.  Counterfeit products sold under our Company name could impact our brand and reputation.

We may need to raise additional funds in the future which may not be available on acceptable terms or 
at all.

    We expect cash generated by our operations, together with existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, our $750 million revolving credit facility and access to capital markets to be sufficient to cover cash needs for our operations.  However, we may consider issuing additional debt or equity securities in the future to fund common stock repurchases, strategic alliances and acquisitions, milestone payments, working capital and capital expenditures.  If we issue equity or convertible debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders.  If we incur additional debt, it may increase our leverage relative to our earnings or to our equity capitalization, requiring us to pay additional interest expenses and potentially lower our credit ratings.  We may not be able to market such issuances on favorable terms, or at all, in which case, we may not be able to develop or enhance our products, execute our business plan, take advantage of future opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated customer requirements.