Important risk factors that
could impact our ability to achieve our anticipated operating results and growth plan goals are presented below. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with discussions of our business and the factors affecting our business located
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. 

INDUSTRY-RELATED RISKS 

•

 Demand for the systems and services provided by our businesses depends on oil and gas industry activity and expenditure levels, which are directly
affected by trends in the demand for and price of crude oil and natural gas. 

We are substantially
dependent on conditions in the oil and gas industry, including the industry’s willingness and ability to spend capital on the exploration for and development of crude oil and natural gas. Any substantial or extended decline in these
expenditures may result in the reduced pace of discovery and development of new reserves of oil and gas and the reduced exploitation of existing wells, which could adversely affect demand for our systems and services and, in certain instances,
result in the cancellation, modification or rescheduling of existing orders. These factors could have an adverse effect on our revenue and profitability. The level of spending is generally dependent on current and anticipated supply and demand for
crude oil and natural gas and the corresponding impact on prices which have been volatile in the past. 

•

 The industries in which we operate or have operated expose us to potential liabilities arising out of the installation or use of our systems that
could adversely affect our financial condition. 

We are subject to equipment defects, malfunctions and
failures, equipment misuse and natural disasters, the occurrence of which may result in uncontrollable flows of gas or well fluids, fires and explosions. Although we have obtained insurance against many of these risks, our insurance may not be
adequate to cover our liabilities. Further, the insurance may not generally be available in the future or, if available, premiums may not be commercially justifiable. If we incur substantial liability and the damages are not covered by insurance or
are in excess of policy limits, or if we were to incur liability at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

•

 Our customers’ industries are undergoing continuing consolidation that may impact our results of operations. 

Some of our largest customers have consolidated and are using their size and purchasing power to achieve economies of scale and pricing
concessions. This consolidation may result in reduced capital spending by such customers or the acquisition of one or more of our other primary customers, which may lead to decreased demand for our products and services. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to maintain our level of sales to any customer that has consolidated or replaced that revenue with increased business activities with other customers. As a result, this consolidation activity could have a significant negative impact on
our results of operations or financial condition. We are unable to predict what effect consolidations in the industries may have on prices, capital spending by our customers, our selling strategies, our competitive position, our ability to retain
customers or our ability to negotiate favorable agreements with our customers. 

10 

Table of Contents

•

 Our operations and the industries in which we operate are subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations that may increase our
costs, limit the demand for our products and services or restrict our operations. 

We depend on the
demand for our products, systems and services from oil and gas companies. This demand is affected by changing taxes, price controls and other laws and regulations relating to the oil and gas industry. For example, the adoption of laws and
regulations curtailing exploration and development of drilling for crude oil and natural gas in our areas of operation for economic, environmental or other reasons could adversely affect our operations by limiting demand for our systems and
services. In light of our foreign operations and sales, we are also subject to changes in foreign laws and regulations that may encourage or require hiring of local contractors or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase
supplies from, a particular non-U.S. jurisdiction. 

In addition, environmental laws and regulations affect the systems and
services we design, market and sell, as well as the facilities where we manufacture our systems. We are required to invest financial and managerial resources to comply with environmental laws and regulations and anticipate that we will continue to
be required to do so in the future. Because these laws and regulations change frequently, we are unable to predict the cost or impact that they may have on our businesses. The modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws
or regulations imposing more stringent environmental restrictions could adversely affect our operations. 

In December 2009,
the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) announced an endangerment finding under the United States Clean Air Act that greenhouse gas emissions endanger public health and welfare. The EPA also enacted regulations in September 2009,
which became effective January 1, 2010, requiring monitoring and reporting by certain facilities and companies of greenhouse gas emissions. Carbon emission reporting and reduction programs have also expanded in recent years at the state,
regional and national levels with certain countries having already implemented various types of cap-and-trade programs aimed at reducing carbon emissions from companies that currently emit greenhouse gases such as electric power generators and
utilities. 

To the extent we are subject to any of these or other similar proposed or newly enacted laws and regulations, we
expect that our efforts to monitor, report and comply with such laws and regulations, and any related taxes imposed by such programs, will increase our cost of doing business in certain jurisdictions, including the United States. To the extent our
customers are subject to any of these or other similar proposed or newly enacted laws and regulations, we are exposed to risks that the additional costs by customers to comply with such laws and regulations could impact their ability or desire to
continue to operate at similar levels in certain jurisdictions as historically seen or as currently anticipated which could negatively impact our operations in those same jurisdictions. If the proposed or newly enacted laws dampen demand for oil and
gas production, they could lower spending by our customers for our products and services. 

•

 The Deepwater Horizon event and its aftermath, including any additional regulations that cause delays or deter new drilling, could adversely affect
our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

As a result of the Deepwater Horizon
explosion and related oil leak last April 2010 in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, the Secretary of the U.S. Department of the Interior directed the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement (“BOEMRE”) to issue a suspension,
until November 30, 2010, of drilling activities for specified drilling configurations and technologies. Although this moratorium was lifted on October 12, 2010, we cannot predict with certainty when drilling operations will fully resume in
the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. The BOEMRE has also issued new guidelines and regulations regarding safety, environmental matters, drilling equipment and decommissioning applicable to drilling in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, and may take other additional steps
that could increase the costs of exploration and production, 

11 

Table of Contents

reduce the area of operations and result in permitting delays. Notwithstanding the lifting of the moratorium, we anticipate that there will continue to be delays in the resumption of
drilling-related activities, including delays in the issuance of drilling permits, as these various regulatory initiatives are implemented. 

In addition to the new requirements recently imposed by the BOEMRE, there have been a variety of proposals to change existing laws and regulations, including the proposal to significantly increase the
ability to demonstrate the minimum financial responsibility under the Federal Oil Pollution Act of 1990, that could adversely affect our operations and cause us to incur increased costs. Implementation of any one or more of the various proposed
changes could materially adversely affect operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico by raising operating costs, increasing insurance premiums, delaying drilling operations and increasing regulatory requirements, and, further, could lead to a wide
variety of other unforeseeable consequences that make operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and other offshore waters more difficult, more time consuming, and more costly. Furthermore, customers may seek to shift more responsibility to us, as a
supplier, for pollution-related and other significant claims and liabilities. Any one or more of these factors that lead to an increase in the cost of operations in offshore waters or any decrease or delay in offshore exploration and production
activity could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

COMPANY-RELATED RISKS 

•

 Disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic and social conditions of the foreign countries in which we conduct business could adversely
affect our business or results of operations. 

We operate manufacturing facilities in 15 countries
outside of the United States and approximately 77% of our 2010 revenue was generated internationally. Instability and unforeseen changes in the international markets in which we conduct business, including economically and politically volatile areas
such as North Africa, West Africa, the Middle East, Latin America and the Asia Pacific region, could cause or contribute to factors that could have an adverse effect on the demand for our systems and services, our financial condition or our results
of operations. These factors include: 

•

 nationalization and expropriation; 

•

 potentially burdensome taxation; 

•

 inflationary and recessionary markets, including capital and equity markets; 

•

 civil unrest, labor issues, political instability, terrorist attacks, military activity and wars; 

•

 supply disruptions in key oil producing countries; 

•

 ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to set and maintain production levels and pricing; 

•

 trade restrictions, trade protection measures or price controls; 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions; 

•

 import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 restrictions on operations, trade practices, trade partners and investment decisions resulting from domestic and foreign laws and regulations;

•

 changes in and the administration of laws and regulations; 

•

 inability to repatriate income or capital; 

•

 reductions in the availability of qualified personnel; 

•

 foreign currency fluctuations or currency restrictions; and 

•

 fluctuations in the interest rate component of forward foreign currency rates. 

12 

Table of Contents

Because a significant portion of our revenue is denominated in foreign currencies, changes
in exchange rates will produce fluctuations in our revenues, costs and earnings, and may also affect the book value of our assets located outside of the United States and the amount of our stockholders’ equity. Although it is our policy to seek
to minimize our currency exposure by engaging in hedging transactions where appropriate, our efforts may not be successful. To the extent we sell our products and services in foreign markets, currency fluctuations may result in our products and
services becoming too expensive for foreign customers. 

•

 Our businesses are subject to a variety of governmental regulations, violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed to a variety of federal, state, local and
international laws and regulations relating to matters such as environmental, health and safety, labor and employment, import/export control, currency exchange, bribery and corruption and taxation. These laws and regulations are complex, change
frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. In the event the scope of these laws and regulations expand in the future, the incremental cost of compliance could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations or
cash flows. 

Our operations outside the United States require us to comply with a number of U.S. and international
regulations. For example, our operations in countries outside the United States are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), which prohibits U.S. companies or their agents and employees from providing anything of value to a
foreign official for the purposes of influencing any act or decision of these individuals in their official capacity to help obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or corporate entity, or obtain any unfair advantage. We have
internal control policies and procedures and have implemented training and compliance programs for our employees and agents with respect to the FCPA. However, our policies, procedures and programs may not always protect us from reckless or criminal
acts committed by our employees or agents, and severe criminal or civil sanctions would be the result of violations of the FCPA. We are also subject to the risks that our employees, joint venture partners, and agents outside of the United States may
fail to comply with other applicable laws. 

Compliance with U.S. regulations on trade sanctions and embargoes poses a risk to
us since our business is conducted on a worldwide basis through various subsidiaries. The U.S. government restricts sales of goods and services and certain other transactions with various countries for policy and national security
reasons. While these restrictions apply to U.S. entities, they do not apply to non-U.S. subsidiaries of U.S. companies so long as those entities involved comply with restrictions on U.S. content and U.S. personnel approval and
facilitation. A few of our non-U.S. subsidiaries have engaged in transactions with countries subject to the U.S. restrictions; however, the aggregate amount of such sales has not exceeded 1% of our consolidated annual revenue. Even though
our non-U.S. subsidiaries may, under applicable laws and regulations, engage in transactions with various countries, in 2009, we adopted a policy directing our non-U.S. subsidiaries to effectuate an orderly withdrawal from doing business with these
countries. This policy prohibited entering into new commitments involving these countries, but did not require the non-U.S. subsidiaries to cease performance of existing commitments provided such commitments could be performed in compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations. During the second quarter of 2010, we received inquiries from the SEC and the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) related to transactions with certain restricted countries with a specific focus on
Sudan and Iran. We have provided information to both agencies in response to these requests. The SEC notified us during the third quarter of 2010 that it has closed its inquiry and we have had no further communications from OFAC.

•

 We may lose money on fixed-price contracts. 

As is customary for the business areas in which we operate, we often agree to provide products and services under fixed-price contracts. Under these contracts, we are typically responsible for cost
overruns. Our actual costs and any gross profit realized on these fixed-price contracts may vary from the estimated amounts on 

13 

Table of Contents

which these contracts were originally based. There is inherent risk in the estimation process, including significant unforeseen technical and logistical challenges or longer than expected lead
times. A fixed-price contract may prohibit our ability to mitigate the impact of unanticipated increases in raw material prices (including the price of steel) through increased pricing. Depending on the size of a project, variations from estimated
contract performance could have a significant impact on our operating results. 

•

 Due to the types of contracts we enter into, the cumulative loss of several major contracts or alliances may have an adverse effect on our results
of operations. 

We often enter into large, long-term contracts that, collectively, represent a
significant portion of our revenue. For example, we have an alliance of this type with Statoil, and we generated approximately 13% of our consolidated revenues from Statoil in 2010. These agreements, if terminated or breached, may have a larger
impact on our operating results or our financial condition than shorter-term contracts due to the value at risk. If we were to lose several key alliances or agreements over a relatively short period of time we could experience a significant adverse
impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

•

 Our businesses are dependent on the continuing services of certain of our key managers and employees. 

We depend on our senior executive officers and other key personnel. The loss of any of these officers or key management could adversely
impact our business if we are unable to implement key strategies or transactions in their absence. In addition, competition for qualified employees among companies that rely heavily on engineering and technology (as we do) is intense. The loss of
qualified employees or an inability to attract, retain and motivate additional highly-skilled employees required for the operation and expansion of our business could hinder our ability to conduct research activities successfully and develop
marketable products and services. 

•

 Increased costs of raw materials and other components may result in increased operating expenses and adversely affect our results of operations and
cash flows. 

Our results of operations may be adversely affected by our inability to manage the rising
costs and availability of raw materials and components used in our wide variety of products and systems. Unexpected changes in the size and timing of regional and/or product markets, particularly for short lead-time products, could affect our
results of operations and our cash flows. 

•

 Our success depends on our ability to implement new technologies and services. 

Our success depends on the ongoing development and implementation of new product designs and improvements, and on our ability to protect
and maintain critical intellectual property assets related to these developments. If we are not able to obtain patent or other protection of our technology, we may not be able to continue to develop systems, services and technologies to meet
evolving industry requirements, and if so, at prices acceptable to our customers. 

Some of our competitors are large national
and multinational companies that may be able to devote greater financial, technical, manufacturing and marketing resources to research and development of new systems, services and technologies than we are able to do. If we are unable to compete
effectively given these risks, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

•

 We may be subject to litigation if another party claims that we have infringed upon its intellectual property rights.

The tools, techniques, methodologies, programs and components we use to provide our services may
infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. Infringement claims generally result in significant 

14 

Table of Contents

legal and other costs and may distract management from running our core business. Royalty payments under licenses from third parties, if available, would increase our costs. If a license were not
available we might not be able to continue providing a particular service or product, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. Additionally, developing non-infringing technologies would increase our
costs. 

•

 Disruptions in the timely delivery of our backlog could affect our future sales, profitability, and our relationships with our customers.

Many of the contracts we enter into with our customers require long manufacturing lead times and may
contain penalty clauses relating to on-time delivery. A failure by us to deliver in accordance with customer expectations could subject us to financial penalties and may result in damage to existing customer relationships. Additionally, we
include our expectations regarding the timing of delivery of product currently in backlog within our earnings guidance to the financial markets. Failure to deliver backlog in accordance with expectations could negatively impact our financial
performance. 

•

Many of our customers’ activity levels, spending for our products and services, and ability to pay amounts owed us may be impacted by
disruptions in the financial and credit markets as well as volatility in commodity prices. 

Many of our
customers finance their activities through cash flow from operations, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity. Limited access to external sources of funding may cause our customers to reduce their capital spending plans. A reduction of cash
flow resulting from declines in commodity prices, a reduction in borrowing bases under reserve-based credit facilities, or the lack of availability of debt or equity financing may result in a significant reduction in our customers’ spending for
our products and services. While crude oil price and natural gas prices have increased since their lows during early 2009, such prices are lower than they were during much of 2008 and continue to experience volatility. An extended worldwide economic
recession could lead to further reductions in demand for energy and thus lower oil and natural gas prices. Any prolonged reduction in oil and natural gas prices is likely to depress short-term exploration, development, production and expenditure
levels. Oil and gas company perceptions of longer-term lower oil and natural gas prices may reduce or defer major expenditures on long-term, large-scale development projects. Lower levels of activity and expenditures in the oil and gas industry
could result in a decline in demand for our systems and services and could have an adverse effect on our revenue and profitability. These same factors may result in our customers’ inability to fulfill their contractual obligations to us.