Important risk factors
that could impact our ability to achieve our anticipated operating results and growth plan goals are presented below. The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with discussions of our business and the factors affecting our business
located elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. 

INDUSTRY-RELATED RISKS 

Demand for our systems and services depends on oil and gas industry activity and expenditure levels, which are directly affected by trends in the
demand for and price of crude oil and natural gas. 

We are substantially dependent on conditions in the oil and gas industry,
including the level of exploration, development and production activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, oil and natural gas companies. Any substantial or extended decline in these expenditures may result in the reduced pace of
discovery and development of new reserves of oil and gas and the reduced exploitation of existing wells, which could adversely affect demand for our systems and services and, in certain instances, result in the cancellation, modification or
rescheduling of existing orders. These factors could have an adverse effect on our revenue and profitability. The level of exploration, development and production activity is directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices, which,
historically, have been volatile. 

Factors affecting the prices of oil and natural gas include, but are not limited to, the following:

•

 demand for hydrocarbons, which is affected by worldwide population growth, economic growth rates and general economic and business conditions;

•

 the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and natural gas; 

•

 political and economic uncertainty and sociopolitical unrest; 

•

 the available excess production capacity within the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) and the level of oil production by
non-OPEC countries; 

•

 oil refining capacity and shifts in end-customer preferences toward fuel efficiency and the use of natural gas; 

•

 technological advances affecting energy consumption; 

•

 potential acceleration of the development of alternative fuels; 

•

 the level of supply and demand for oil and natural gas; and 

•

 natural disasters. 

The
oil and gas industry has historically experienced periodic downturns, which have been characterized by diminished demand for oilfield services and downward pressure on the prices we charge. A significant downturn in the oil and gas industry could
result in a reduction in demand for oilfield services and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

The industries in which we operate or have operated expose us to potential liabilities arising out of the installation or use of our systems that
could adversely affect our financial condition. 

We are subject to equipment defects, malfunctions and failures, equipment misuse and
natural disasters, the occurrence of which may result in uncontrollable flows of gas or well fluids, fires and explosions. Although we have obtained insurance against many of these risks, our insurance may not be adequate to cover our liabilities.
Further, the insurance may not generally be available in the future or, if available, premiums may not be commercially justifiable. If we incur substantial liability and the damages are not covered by insurance or are in excess of policy limits, or
if we were to incur liability at a time when we are not able to obtain liability insurance, our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Our customers’ industries are undergoing continuing consolidation that may impact our results of operations. 

Some of our largest customers have consolidated and are using their size and purchasing power to achieve economies of scale and pricing concessions. This
consolidation may result in reduced capital spending by such customers or the acquisition of one or more of our other primary customers, which may lead to decreased demand for our products and services. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
maintain our level of sales to any customer that has consolidated or replaced that revenue with increased business activities with other customers. As a result, this consolidation activity could have a significant negative impact on our results of
operations, financial condition or cash flows. We are unable to predict what effect consolidations in the industries may have on prices, capital spending by our customers, our selling strategies, our competitive position, our ability to retain
customers or our ability to negotiate favorable agreements with our customers. 

9 

Table of Contents

Our operations and the industries in which we operate are subject to a variety of U.S. and
international laws and regulations that may increase our costs, limit the demand for our products and services or restrict our operations. 

We depend on oil and gas companies’ demand for our products, systems and services. This demand is affected by changing taxes, price controls and other laws and regulations relating to the oil and gas
industry. For instance, the Deepwater Horizon explosion and related oil leak in April 2010 in the Gulf of Mexico resulted in offshore drilling delays and increased federal regulation of our customers’ operations. These regulations, as well as
the adoption of other laws and regulations curtailing exploration and development of drilling for crude oil and natural gas in our areas of operation for economic, environmental or other reasons, could adversely affect our operations by limiting the
demand for our systems and services. 

Environmental laws and regulations also affect the equipment, systems and services we design, market and
sell, as well as the facilities where we manufacture our equipment and systems. We are required to invest financial and managerial resources to comply with environmental laws and regulations and anticipate that we will continue to be required to do
so in the future. Because these laws and regulations change frequently, we are unable to predict the cost or impact that they may have on our businesses. The modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations
imposing more stringent environmental restrictions could adversely affect our operations. 

The U. S. Congress has, from time to time,
considered climate-change legislation that would reduce emissions of greenhouse gases through establishment of a “cap-and-trade” plan. It is not possible at this time to predict whether or when the Congress may act on climate-change
legislation. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) has made findings that emissions of greenhouse gases endanger public health and the environment and, based on these findings, has adopted regulations that restrict emissions of
greenhouse gases under existing provisions of the U.S. Federal Clean Air Act, including one that requires a reduction in emissions of greenhouse gases from motor vehicles and another that requires certain construction and operating permit reviews
for greenhouse gas emissions from certain large stationary sources. In addition, the EPA has adopted rules requiring the monitoring and reporting of greenhouse gases from certain sources, including, among others, onshore and offshore oil and natural
gas production facilities and onshore oil and natural gas processing, transmission, storage and distribution facilities in the United States on an annual basis, which may include certain of our customers’ operations. Carbon emission reporting
and reduction programs have also expanded in recent years at the state, regional and national levels with certain countries having already implemented various types of cap-and-trade programs aimed at reducing carbon emissions from companies that
currently emit greenhouse gases, such as electric power generators and utilities. 

Moreover, environmental concerns have been raised regarding
the potential impact of hydraulic fracturing on underground water supplies. We provide equipment and services to companies employing this enhanced recovery technique. There have been several regulatory and governmental initiatives in the United
States to restrict the hydraulic fracturing process, which events could have an adverse impact on our customers’ completion or production activities. Certain governmental reviews are either underway or being proposed that focus on environmental
aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. Congress has from time to time considered bills that would regulate hydraulic fracturing and/or require public disclosure of chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process, and a number of states have
adopted or are considering legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure, and well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities. Hydraulic fracturing restrictions also have been or are being
considered for adoption in other countries. 

To the extent we are subject to any of these or other similar proposed or newly enacted laws and
regulations, we expect that our efforts to monitor, report and comply with such laws and regulations, and any related taxes imposed by such programs, will increase our cost of doing business in certain jurisdictions, including the United States. To
the extent our customers are subject to any of these or other similar proposed or newly enacted laws and regulations, we are exposed to risks that regulatory restrictions on production by and additional costs to our customers to comply with such
laws and regulations could impact their ability or desire to continue to operate at similar levels in certain jurisdictions as historically seen or as currently anticipated, which could negatively impact our operations in those same jurisdictions.
If the proposed or newly enacted laws reduce demand for oil and gas production, customer spending for our products and services could be reduced, which, in turn, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

10 

Table of Contents

COMPANY-RELATED RISKS 

Disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic and social conditions of the foreign countries in which we conduct business could adversely affect our business or results of operations.

We operate manufacturing facilities in 15 countries outside of the United States and approximately 77% of our 2011 revenue was
generated internationally. Instability and unforeseen changes in the international markets in which we conduct business, including economically and politically volatile areas such as North Africa, West Africa, the Middle East and the Commonwealth of
Independent States (“CIS”), could cause or contribute to factors that could have an adverse effect on the demand for our systems and services, our financial condition or our results of operations. These factors include, but are not limited
to, the following: 

•

 nationalization and expropriation; 

•

 potentially burdensome taxation; 

•

 inflationary and recessionary markets, including capital and equity markets; 

•

 civil unrest, labor issues, political instability, terrorist attacks, cyber-terrorism, military activity and wars; 

•

 supply disruptions in key oil producing countries; 

•

 ability of OPEC to set and maintain production levels and pricing; 

•

 trade restrictions, trade protection measures or price controls; 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions; 

•

 import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 restrictions on operations, trade practices, trade partners and investment decisions resulting from domestic and foreign laws and regulations;

•

 changes in, and the administration of, laws and regulations; 

•

 inability to repatriate income or capital; 

•

 reductions in the availability of qualified personnel; 

•

 foreign currency fluctuations or currency restrictions; and 

•

 fluctuations in the interest rate component of forward foreign currency rates. 

Because a significant portion of our revenue is denominated in foreign currencies, changes in exchange rates will produce fluctuations in our revenue,
costs and earnings, and may also affect the book value of our assets located outside of the United States and the amount of our stockholders’ equity. Although it is our policy to seek to minimize our currency exposure by engaging in hedging
transactions where appropriate, our efforts may not be successful. To the extent we sell our products and services in foreign markets, currency fluctuations may result in our products and services becoming too expensive for foreign customers. As a
result, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may affect our financial results. 

Our businesses are subject to a variety of
governmental regulations, violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations relating to matters such as environmental, health and safety, labor and employment, import/export control,
currency exchange, bribery and corruption and taxation. These laws and regulations are complex, frequently change and have tended to become more stringent over time. In the event the scope of these laws and regulations expand in the future, the
incremental cost of compliance could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our operations outside
the United States require us to comply with a number of regulations under the laws of the United States and various other countries. For example, we are subject to changes in foreign laws and regulations that may encourage or require hiring of local
contractors or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular non-U.S. jurisdiction. In addition, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), which prohibits U.S. companies or
their agents and employees from providing anything of value to a foreign official for the purposes of influencing any act or decision of those individuals in their official capacity to help obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or
corporate entity, or obtain any unfair advantage. The United Kingdom (“U.K.”) recently enacted similar laws prohibiting bribery of, and corrupt payments to, government officials and private individuals outside the U.K. We have internal
control policies and procedures and have implemented training and compliance programs for our employees and agents with respect to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. However, our policies, procedures and programs may not always protect us from
reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents, and severe criminal or civil sanctions may be imposed as a result of violations of these laws. We are also subject to the risks that our employees, joint venture partners and agents
outside of the United States may fail to comply with other applicable laws. 

11 

Table of Contents

In addition, we operate globally through various subsidiaries. Consequently, we are subject to changes in
applicable tax laws, treaties or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which could include laws or policies directed toward companies organized in jurisdictions with low tax rates. A material change in the tax laws or policies, or
their interpretation, of any country in which we conduct business, or in which we are incorporated or resident, could result in a higher effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings, and such change could significantly impact our financial results.

Compliance with U.S. regulations on trade sanctions and embargoes poses a risk to us since our business is conducted on a worldwide basis
through various subsidiaries. The U.S. government restricts sales of goods and services and certain other transactions with various countries for policy and national security reasons. While these restrictions apply to U.S. entities, they do not
apply to non-U.S. subsidiaries of U.S. companies so long as those entities involved comply with restrictions on U.S. content and U.S. personnel approval and facilitation. A few of our non-U.S. subsidiaries have engaged in transactions with countries
subject to the U.S. restrictions; however, the aggregate amount of such sales has not exceeded 1% of our consolidated annual revenue. Even though our non-U.S. subsidiaries may, under applicable laws and regulations, engage in transactions with
various countries, in 2009, we adopted a policy directing our non-U.S. subsidiaries to effectuate an orderly withdrawal from doing business with these countries. This policy prohibited entering into new commitments involving these countries, but did
not require the non-U.S. subsidiaries to cease performance of existing commitments provided such commitments could be performed in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. During the second quarter of 2010, we received an inquiry from
the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) related to transactions with certain restricted countries with a specific focus on Sudan and Iran. We have provided information to OFAC in response to its request, but we have had no further
communications from OFAC. 

In addition, various other countries or multilateral organizations such as the United Nations may impose
restrictions on the sale of goods and services to various countries or entities. Generally these restrictions will be implemented through the national laws and regulations of the applicable countries. Due to the scope of our international
operations, these restrictions may affect our ability to enter into or complete contracts. We do not, however, expect these restrictions to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows or results of operations. 

We may lose money on fixed-price contracts. 

As is customary for the types of business in which we operate, we often agree to provide products and services under fixed-price contracts. Under these contracts, we are typically responsible for cost
overruns. Our actual costs and any gross profit realized on these fixed-price contracts may vary from the estimated amounts on which these contracts were originally based. There is inherent risk in the estimation process, including significant
unforeseen technical and logistical challenges or longer than expected lead times. A fixed-price contract may prohibit our ability to mitigate the impact of unanticipated increases in raw material prices through increased pricing. Depending on the
size of a project, variations from estimated contract performance could have a significant impact on our operating results. 

Due to the
types of contracts we enter into, the cumulative loss of several major contracts or alliances may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We often enter into large, long-term contracts that, collectively, represent a significant portion of our revenue. For example, we have an alliance of this type with Statoil, from which we generated
approximately 12% of our consolidated revenue in 2011. These agreements, if terminated or breached, may have a larger impact on our operating results or our financial condition than shorter-term contracts due to the value at risk. If we were to lose
several key alliances or agreements over a relatively short period of time we could experience a significant adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our businesses are dependent on the continuing services of certain of our key managers and employees. 

We depend on our senior executive officers and other key personnel. The loss of any of these officers or key management could adversely impact our business if we are unable to implement key strategies or
transactions in their absence. In addition, competition for qualified employees among companies, like ours, that rely heavily on engineering and technology is intense. The loss of qualified employees or an inability to attract, retain and motivate
additional highly-skilled employees required for the operation and expansion of our business could hinder our ability to conduct research activities successfully and develop marketable products and services. 

12 

Table of Contents

Increased costs of raw materials and other components, particularly in periods of rapid growth, may
result in increased operating expenses and adversely affect our results of operations or cash flows. 

Our results of operations may be
adversely affected by our inability to manage the rising costs and availability of raw materials and components used in our wide variety of products and systems. Unexpected changes in the size and timing of regional and/or product markets,
particularly for short lead-time products, could affect our results of operations or cash flows. 

A failure of our information
technology infrastructure could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

The efficient operation of our business is
dependent on our information technology (“IT”) systems. Accordingly, we rely upon the capacity, reliability and security of our IT hardware and software infrastructure and our ability to expand and update this infrastructure in response to
our changing needs. Despite our implementation of security measures, our systems are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, incursions by intruders or hackers, failures in hardware or software, power fluctuations, cyber
terrorists and other similar disruptions. The failure of our IT systems to perform as anticipated for any reason or any significant breach of security could disrupt our business and result in numerous adverse consequences, including reduced
effectiveness and efficiency of operations, inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, increased overhead costs and loss of important information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In
addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. 

Our success depends on our ability to implement new technologies and services. 

Our
success depends on the ongoing development and implementation of new product designs and improvements and on our ability to protect and maintain critical intellectual property assets related to these developments. If we are not able to obtain patent
or other protection of our technology, we may not be able to continue to develop systems, services and technologies to meet evolving industry requirements, and if so, at prices acceptable to our customers. 

Some of our competitors are large national and multinational companies that may be able to devote greater financial, technical, manufacturing and
marketing resources to the research and development of new systems, services and technologies than we are able to do. If we are unable to compete effectively given these risks, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be
adversely affected. 

Uninsured claims and litigation against us, including intellectual property litigation, could adversely impact our
financial condition, results of operation or cash flows. 

We could be impacted by the outcome of pending litigation, as well as
unexpected litigation or proceedings. We have insurance coverage against operating hazards, including product liability claims and personal injury claims related to our products, to the extent deemed prudent by our management and to the extent
insurance is available. However, no assurance can be given that the nature and amount of that insurance will be sufficient to fully indemnify us against liabilities arising out of pending and future claims and litigation. Our financial condition,
results of operation or cash flows could be adversely affected by unexpected claims not covered by insurance. 

In addition, the tools,
techniques, methodologies, programs and components we use to provide our services may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. Infringement claims generally result in significant legal and other costs and may distract management
from running our core business. Royalty payments under licenses from third parties, if available, would increase our costs. If a license were not available we might not be able to continue providing a particular service or product, which could
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operation or cash flows. Additionally, developing non-infringing technologies would increase our costs. 

Disruptions in the timely delivery of our backlog could affect our future sales, profitability, and our relationships with our customers. 

Many of the contracts we enter into with our customers require long manufacturing lead times and may contain penalty clauses relating to on-time
delivery. A failure by us to deliver in accordance with customer expectations could subject us to financial penalties, including liquidated damages, and may result in damage to existing customer relationships. The ability to meet customer delivery
schedules for this backlog is dependent on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, access to the raw materials required for production, an adequately trained and capable workforce, subcontractor performance, project engineering
expertise, sufficient manufacturing plant capacity and appropriate planning and scheduling of manufacturing resources. We include our expectations regarding the timing of delivery of product currently in backlog within our earnings guidance to the
financial markets. Failure to deliver backlog in accordance with expectations could negatively impact our financial performance. 

13 

Table of Contents

Many of our customers’ activity levels, spending for our products and services, and ability to
pay amounts owed us may be impacted by disruptions in the financial and credit markets, as well as volatility in commodity prices. 

Many of our customers finance their activities through cash flow from operations, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity. Limited access to
external sources of funding may cause our customers to reduce their capital spending plans. A reduction of cash flow resulting from declines in commodity prices, a reduction in borrowing bases under reserve-based credit facilities, or the lack of
availability of debt or equity financing may result in a significant reduction in our customers’ spending for our products and services. Crude oil and natural gas prices continue to experience volatility. An extended worldwide economic
recession could lead to reductions in demand for energy, and thus, lower oil and natural gas prices. Any prolonged reduction in oil and natural gas prices is likely to depress short-term exploration, development, production and expenditure levels.
Oil and gas company perceptions of longer-term lower oil and natural gas prices may reduce or defer major expenditures on long-term, large-scale development projects. Lower levels of activity and expenditures in the oil and gas industry could result
in a decline in demand for our systems and services and could have an adverse effect on our revenue and profitability. These same factors may result in our customers’ inability to fulfill their contractual obligations to us.