Before you make an investment decision with respect to any of our securities, you should carefully consider all the information we have included in this Form 10-K and our subsequent periodic filings with the SEC.  In particular, you should carefully consider the risk factors described below and the risks and uncertainties related to “
Forward-Looking S
tatements”
,
 any of which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this 
annual 
report.   The risks and uncertainties described below ar
e not the only ones facing our C
ompany.  Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial or that are not specific to us, such as general economic conditions, may also adversely affect our business and operations.  The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with 
the 
balance of this annual report, including
 the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report.

 Risks Related to the Verizon Transaction

 We may not consummate the Verizon Transaction on the terms or timeline currently contemplated or at all.

 The consummation of the Verizon Transaction is subject to certain conditions, including (i) the absence of a court or other governmental order prohibiting consummation of the transaction, (ii) the receipt of applicable regulatory consents, (iii) the absence of a material adverse effect on the business to be acquired from Verizon and (iv) other customary closing conditions.  We can make no assurances that the Verizon Transaction will be consummated on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, or at all.  We have expended and will continue to expend a significant amount of capital and management’s time and resources on the Verizon Transaction, and a failure to consummate the Verizon Transaction as currently contemplated, or at all, could have an adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and cash flows.  In addition
,
 we may choose to raise all or a portion of the financing required to complete the Verizon Transaction prior to the closing of such transaction.  If we do so, and if the Verizon Transaction is ultimately not consummated or is delayed for a significant period of time, we could be obligated to pay significant interest expense, dividends and other costs in connection with the financing without achieving the expected benefits of the Verizon Transaction.  The trading price of our securities could be adversely affected if the Verizon Transaction is not consummated as currently contemplated, or at all.

 Our effort to combine our business and the business to be acquired from Verizon may not be successful.

 The Company is devoting a significant amount of time and attention to the process of integrating the operations of our business and the business to be acquired from Verizon, which may decrease the time that management will have to serve existing customers, attract new customers and develop new services or strategies.  The size and complexity of the acquired business and the process of using our existing common support functions and systems to manage the acquired business after the acquisition, if not managed and completed successfully by management, may result in interruptions of the business activities of the Company that could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

 We may not realize the cost synergies that are anticipated from the Verizon Transaction.

 The success of the Verizon Transaction will depend, in part, on our ability to realize anticipated cost synergies.  The Company’s success in realizing these cost synergies, and the timing of this realization, depends on the successful integration of our business and operations with the acquired business and operations.  Even if the Company is able to integrate the acquired businesses and operations successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the full benefits of the cost synergies that Frontier currently expects within the anticipated time frame or at all.

 If the assets included in the business to be purchased from Verizon are insufficient to operate the acquired business, it could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement executed in connection with the Verizon Transaction, Verizon will contribute to the acquired business certain assets and liabilities of its local exchange business and related landline activities in California, 
Florida and 
Texas, including video, broadband internet and switched long distance services provided to designated customers located in those states.  However, the contributed assets may not be sufficient to operate all aspects of the acquired business and the Company may have to use assets or resources from our existing business or acquire additional assets in order to operate the acquired business, which could cost the Company more than we anticipate.

 16

 FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

The Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected following consummation of the Verizon Transaction if the Company is not able to obtain requisite consents or enter into certain agreements.

 The products and services of the acquired business are currently provided by Verizon to certain customers pursuant to master agreements, together with other Verizon products or services.  Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, we and Verizon have jointly agreed to use our reasonable best efforts for six months following the consummation of the Verizon Transaction to obtain any consents required to separate from such master agreements and assign to Frontier the portion thereof related to the acquired business.  To the extent that the parties are not able to obtain any such required consent, such contracts will not be assigned to us and we may not be able to establish a direct relationship with such customers.

 Regulatory agencies may delay approval of the Verizon Transaction, fail to approve it, or approve it in a manner that may diminish the anticipated benefits of the Verizon Transaction.

 Completion of the Verizon Transaction is conditioned upon the receipt of certain government consents, approvals, orders and authorizations.  While we intend to pursue vigorously all required governmental approvals and do not know of any reason why we would not be able to obtain the necessary approvals in a timely manner, the requirement to receive these approvals before completion of the Verizon Transaction could delay its completion.  A lengthy delay in the completion of the Verizon Transaction could diminish the anticipated benefits and/or result in additional transaction and financing costs, loss of revenues or other effects associated with uncertainty about the transaction.  In addition, until the Verizon Transaction is completed, the attention of Frontier management may be unnecessarily diverted from ongoing business and regular business responsibilities.

 Further, governmental agencies may decline to grant required approvals, or they may impose conditions on their approval of the Verizon Transaction that could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  If certain governmental agencies decline to grant any required approval for the Verizon Transaction, the Verizon Transaction may not be consummated.  In addition, conditions imposed by governmental agencies in connection with their approval of the Verizon Transaction (such as service quality or capital expenditure requirements) may restrict the Company’s ability to achieve anticipated synergies, revenues and cash flows.

 The securities purchase agreement contains provisions that may discourage other companies from trying to acquire Frontier.

 The securities purchase agreement for the Verizon Transaction contains provisions that may discourage a third party from submitting a business combination proposal to us prior to the closing of the Verizon Transaction that might result in greater value to our stockholders than the Verizon Transaction.  The 
securities
 purchase agreement provides that we may not sell all or substantially all of our assets unless the buyer assumes in writing our obligations, including the payment of the purchase price, under the 
securities
 purchase agreement.  This would represent an additional cost for a potential third party seeking a business combination with us.

 Our stock price may be adversely affected if we are unable to consummate the Verizon Transaction.

 If the Verizon Transaction is not completed for any reason, the trading price of Frontier’s common stock may decline to the extent that the market price of the common stock reflects positive market assumptions that the Verizon Transaction will be completed and the related benefits will be realized.  Frontier may also be subject to additional risks if the Verizon Transaction is not 
completed, including: 

 ·

 significant costs related to the transaction, such as legal, accounting, filing, financial advisory, and integration costs that have already been incurred or will continue up to closing.  The Company currently expects that it will incur approximately 
$450
 million of 
operating expenses and capital expenditures in total 
related to acquisition and integration activities in 
2015
 and 2016
 associated with the Verizon Transaction
;

 ·

 significant interest expense 
and dividend costs 
will be incurred if Frontier completes the financing of 
debt 
and equity 
securities
 prior to closing; 

 ·

 the market price of Frontier common stock could decline as a result of sales of Frontier common stock in the market due to the issuance of additional equity securities in connection with the financing of the Verizon Transaction or the perception that these sales could occur; and

 17

 FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

 ·

 potential disruption to the business of Frontier and distraction of its workforce and management team.

 The pendency of the Verizon Transaction could adversely affect the business and operations of Frontier and the acquired business.

 In connection with the pending Verizon Transaction, some customers of the acquired business may delay or defer decisions or may end their relationships with Verizon prior to completion of the Verizon Transaction or with the Company after the Verizon Transaction closes.

 Risks Related to Our Business

 We will likely face further reductions in voice customers, switched access minutes of use, long distance revenues and subsidy revenues. 

 We have experienced declining voice customers, switched access minutes of use, long distance revenues, federal and state subsidies and related revenues because of economic conditions, increasing competition, changing 
technology and 
consumer behavior (such as wireless displacement of wireline use, e-mail use, instant messaging and increasing use of VoIP), 
technology 
and regulatory constraints.  We will likely continue to experience
 further 
reductions in the future.  The
se
 factors, 
among others, are likely to cause our local network service, switched network access, long distance and subsidy revenues to continue to decline, and these factors may cause our cash generated by operations to decrease.

 We face intense competition. 

 The communications industry is extremely competitive. Through mergers and various service expansion strategies, service providers are striving to provide integrated solutions both within and across geographic markets.  Our competitors include competitive local exchange carriers, Internet service providers, wireless companies, VoIP providers and cable companies
, some of whom may be subject to less regulation than we are,
 that may provide services competitive with the services that we offer or intend to introduce.  We also believe that wireless and cable telephony providers have increased their penetration of various services in our markets.  We expect that competition will remain robust.
  Our revenue and cash flow will be adversely impacted if we cannot reverse our customer losses
 or continue to provide high-quality services
.

 We cannot predict which of the many possible future technologies, products or services will be important in order to maintain our competitive position or what expenditures will be required to develop and provide these technologies, products or services.  Our ability to compete successfully will depend on the success of capital expenditure investments in our