Before you make an investment decision with respect to any of our securities, you should carefully consider all the information we have included or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K and our subsequent periodic filings with the SEC.  In particular, you should carefully consider the risk factors described below and read the risks and uncertainties related to “forward-looking statements” (which we do not undertake to update) as set forth in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” 
(the MD&A) 
section of this Form 10-K, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this report.   The risks and uncertainties described below ar
e not the only ones facing our C
ompany.  Additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial or that are not specific to us, such as general economic conditions, may also adversely affect our business and operations.  The following risk factors should be read in conjunction with 
the 
MD&A and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report.

 Risks Related to the AT&T Transaction

 We may not consummate t
he AT&T Transaction on the terms or timeline currently contemplated or at all
.

 The consummation of the AT&T Transaction is subject to certain conditions, including (i) the absence of a court or other governmental order prohibiting consummation of the transaction, (ii) the receipt of applicable regulatory consents, (iii) the absence of a material adverse effect on the business 
to be acquired from AT&T 
and (iv) other customary closing conditions.  We can make no assurances that the AT&T Transaction will be consummated on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, or at all.  We have expended and will continue to expend a significant amount of capital and management’s time and resources on the AT&T 
Transaction, and a failure to consummate the AT&T Transaction as currently contemplated, or at all, could have
 an
 adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and cash flows.  In addition we may choose to raise all or a portion of the financing required to complete the AT&T Transaction prior to the closing of such transaction.  If we do so, and if the AT&T Transaction is ultimately not consummated or is delayed for a significant period of time, we could be obligated to pay significant interest expense and other costs in connection with the financing without achieving the expected benefits of the AT&T Transaction. The trading
 price of our securities could be adversely affected if the AT&T Transaction is not consummated as currently contemplated, or at all.

 Our
 effort to combine 
our
 business and the business 
to be acquired from AT&T 
may not be successful
.

 The Company

is devoting a
 significant amount of time and attention to the process of integrating the operations of 
our
 business and the business
 to be acquired from AT&T
, which may decrease the time 
that management
 will have to serve existing customers, attract new customers and develop new services or strategies.  The size and complexity of the acquired business and the process of using 
our
 existing common support functions and systems to manage the acquired business after the acquisition, if not managed 
and completed 
successfully by management, may result in interruptions of the business activities of the Company that could have 
an
 adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.   

 We
 may not realize the cost synergies that are anticipated from the AT&T Transaction.

 The success of the AT&T Transaction will depend, in part, on 
our
 ability to realize anticipated cost synergies.  The Company’s success in realizing these cost synergies, and the timing of this realization, depends on the successful integration of 
our
 business and operations 
with
 the acquired business and operations.  Even if the Company is able to integrate the Frontier and acquired businesses and operations successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the full benefits of the cost synergies that Frontier currently expects within the anticipated time frame or at all.  

 If the assets included in the business 
to be 
purchased from AT&T are insufficient to operate the acquired business, it could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement executed in connection with the AT&T Transaction, AT&T will contribute to the acquired business certain assets and liabilities of its local exchange business and related landline activities in Connecticut, including video, broadband internet and switched long distance services provided to designated customers located in Connecticut.  However, the contributed assets may not be sufficient to operate all aspects of the acquired business and the Company may have to use assets or resources from 
our
 existing business or acquire additional assets in order to operate the acquired business, which could 
cost the Company more than we anticipate
.

 14

 FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, 
we have
 certain rights to cause AT&T to transfer to 
us
 any assets required to be included in the acquired business that were not contributed as required.  If AT&T is unable or unwilling to transfer those assets to the Company, or if AT&T and Frontier disagree about whether those assets were required to be contributed to the acquired business under the stock purchase agreement, the Company might not be able to obtain those assets or similar assets from others without significant 
additional 
costs or at all
,

which could 
adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations
.

 The Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected following consummation of the AT&T Transaction if 
the Company
 is not able to obtain 
requisite consents or 
enter into certain agreements.  

 The products and services of the acquired business are currently provided by AT&T to certain customers pursuant to master agreements, together with other AT&T products or services.  Pursuant to the stock purchase agreement, 
we

and AT&T 
have 
jointly 
agreed to use 
our 
reasonable best efforts 
for
 six months following the consummation of the AT&T Transaction to obtain any consents required to separate from such master agreements and assign to Frontier the portion thereof related to the acquired business.  To the extent that the parties are not able to obtain any such required consent, such contracts will not be assigned to 
us
 and 
we
 may not be able to establish a direct relationship with such customers.

 Frontier must also enter into agreements and obtain consents related to, among other things, video transport and content, in order to provide video services to customers in Connecticut following consummation of the AT&T Transaction.  In the event Frontier is not able to enter into such agreements or obtain such consents, AT&T has agreed to arrange for such services to be provided to Frontier until October 1, 2014.  If we are not able to enter into the video transport and content agreements and obtain the related consents by October 1, 2014, we may not be able to provide such services to customers in Connecticut following consummation of the AT&T Transaction, which could have 
an
 adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  

 Regulatory agencies may delay approval of the AT&T Transaction, fail to approve it, or approve it in a manner that may diminish the anticipated benefits of the AT&T Transaction.

 Completion of the AT&T Transaction is conditioned upon the receipt of certain government consents, approvals, orders and authorizations.  While we intend to pursue vigorously all required governmental approvals and do not know of any reason why we would not be able to obtain the necessary approvals in a timely manner, the requirement to receive these approvals before completion of the AT&T Transaction could delay its completion.  
A lengthy
 delay in the completion of the AT&T Transaction could diminish the anticipated benefits 
and/
or result in additional transaction and financing costs, loss of revenues or other effects associated with uncertainty about the transaction.  In addition, until the AT&T Transaction is completed, the attention of Frontier management may be 
unnecessarily d
iverted from ongoing business and regular business responsibilities.

 Further, governmental agencies may decline to grant required approvals, or they may impose conditions on their approval of the AT&T Transaction that could have an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  If certain governmental agencies decline to grant any required approval for the AT&T Transaction, the AT&T Transaction may not be consummated.  In addition, conditions imposed by governmental agencies in connection with their approval of the AT&T Transaction (such as service quality or capital expenditure requirements) may restrict the Company’s 
ability to achieve anticipated synergies, revenues and cash flows
.

 The stock purchase agreement contains provisions that may discourage other companies from trying to acquire Frontier.

 The stock purchase agreement 
for the AT&T Transaction 
contains provisions that may discourage a third party from submitting a business combination proposal to 
us
 prior to the closing of the AT&T Transaction that might result in greater value to 
our
 stockholders than the AT&T Transaction. The stock purchase agreement provides that 
we
 may not sell all or substantially all of 
our
 assets unless the buyer assumes in writing 
our obligations
, including the payment of the purchase price, under the stock purchase agreement.  This would represent an additional cost for a potential third party seeking a business combination with 
us
.

 Our stock price may be adversely affected if we are unable to consummate the AT&T Transaction
.

 If the AT&T Transaction is not completed for any reason, the trading price of Frontier’s common stock may decline to the extent that the market price of the common stock reflects positive market assumptions that the AT&T Transaction will be completed and the related benefits will be realized.  Frontier may also be subject to additional risks if the AT&T Transaction is not completed, including:

 15

 FRONTIER COMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

 ·

 significant
 costs related to the transaction, such as legal, accounting, filing, financial advisory, and integration costs that have already been incurred or will continue up to closing.  
The Company
 currently 
expects
 that 
it
 will
 incur 
approximately $
225 million to $275
 million of

costs
 related to 
acquisition and 
integration 
activities 
in 2014;

 ·

 significant
 interest expense will be incurred if Frontier 
completes
 the financing of approximately $1.9 billion prior to closing; and

 ·

 potential disruption to the business of Frontier and distraction of its workforce and management team.

 The pendency of the AT&T Transaction could adversely affect the business and operations of Frontier and the acquired business.

 In connection with the pending AT&T Transaction, some customers of the acquired business may delay or defer decisions or may end their relationships with 
AT&T prior to completion of the AT&T Transaction or with the Company after the AT&T Transaction closes.

 Risks Related to Our Business

 The risks discussed below in this section refer to the “Company” for ease of reference. The risks apply to 
us
 as a standalone entity before the AT&T Transaction is completed, will continue to apply to 
us
 if the AT&T Transaction is not completed for any reason and will also apply to the combined company assuming the AT&T Transaction closes.

 We will likely face further reductions in voice customers, switched access minutes of use, long distance revenues and federal and state subsidy revenues, which could adversely affect us. 

 We have experienced declining voice customers, switched access minutes of use, long distance revenues, federal and state subsidies and related revenues because of economic conditions, increasing competition, changing consumer behavior (such as wireless displacement of wireline use, e-mail use, instant messaging and increasing use of VoIP), technology changes and regulatory constraints.  We will likely continue to experience reductions in the future.  The factors referred to above, among others, are likely to cause our local network service, switched network access, long distance and subsidy revenues to continue to decline, and these factors may cause our cash generated by operations to decrease.

 We face intense competition, which could adversely affect us. 

 The communications industry is extremely competitive. Through mergers and various service expansion strategies, service providers are striving to provide integrated solutions both within and across geographic markets.  Our competitors include competitive local exchange carriers, Internet service providers, wireless companies, VoIP providers and cable companies that may provide services competitive with the services that we offer or intend to introduce.  We also believe that wireless and cable telephony providers have increased their penetration of various services in our markets.  We expect that competition will remain robust.
  Our revenue and cash flow will be adversely impacted if we cannot reverse our customer losses.

 We cannot predict which of the many possible future technologies, products or services will be important in order to maintain our competitive position or what expenditures will be required to develop and provide these technologies, products or services.  Our ability to compete successfully will depend on the success of capital expenditure investments in our