Before
you make an investment decision with respect to any of our securities, you
should carefully consider all the information we have included or incorporated
by reference in this Form 10-K and our subsequent periodic filings with the
SEC.  In particular, you should carefully consider the risk factors
described below and read the risks and uncertainties related to “forward-looking
statements” as set forth in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section of this Form
10-K.  The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only
ones facing our company.  Additional risks and uncertainties that are
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial or that are not
specific to us, such as general economic conditions, may also adversely affect
our business and operations.  The following risk factors should be
read in conjunction with MD&A and the consolidated financial statements and
related notes included in this report.

Risks Related to the Verizon
Transaction

References to "the Company" in this section refer to
Frontier as the combined company following the closing of the Verizon
Transaction, assuming the Verizon Transaction closes.

The Verizon Transaction may not be
consummated on the terms or timeline currently contemplated or at
all.

The
consummation of the Verizon Transaction is subject to certain conditions,
including (i) the availability of financing on terms that satisfy certain
requirements (including with respect to pricing and maturity) and the receipt of
the proceeds thereof that, taken together with any Spinco debt securities and
the aggregate amount of Spinco indebtedness at the distribution date, equal
$3.333 billion, (ii) the absence of a governmental order that would
constitute a materially adverse regulatory condition, (iii) the receipt of
applicable regulatory consents, (iv) the receipt of certain favorable tax
rulings from the Internal Revenue Service (which have been obtained) and certain
tax opinions, (v) the absence of a material adverse effect on Frontier or
on Spinco or the Spinco business and (vi) other customary closing
conditions. We can make no assurances that the Verizon Transaction will be
consummated on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, or at all. We have
and will continue to expend a significant amount of capital and management’s
time and resources on the Verizon Transaction, and a failure to consummate the
transaction as currently contemplated, or at all, could have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, Spinco may (with
Frontier’s consent and participation) choose to raise all or a portion of the
financing required to complete the Verizon Transaction described above prior to
the closing of the Verizon Transaction.  If Spinco does so, and if the
Verizon transaction is ultimately not consummated or is delayed for a
significant period of time, we could be obligated to pay significant interest
expense and other costs in connection with the financing without ever achieving
the expected benefits of the Verizon Transaction.  The trading price
of our securities could be adversely affected if the Verizon Transaction is not
consummated as currently contemplated, or at all.

 10

    Frontier’s effort to
combine Frontier’s business and the Spinco business may not be
successful
.

The
acquisition of the Spinco business is the largest and most significant
acquisition Frontier has undertaken. Our management will be required to devote a
significant amount of time and attention to the process of integrating the
operations of Frontier’s business and the Spinco business, which may decrease
the time it will have to serve existing customers, attract new customers and
develop new services or strategies. We expect that the Spinco business will
operate on an independent basis, separate from Verizon’s other businesses and
operations, immediately prior to the closing of the merger (other than with
respect to the portion operated in West Virginia, which is expected to be ready
for integration into Frontier’s existing business at the closing of the merger)
and will not require significant post-closing integration for Frontier to
continue the operations of the Spinco business immediately after the merger.
However, the size and complexity of the Spinco business and the process of using
Frontier’s existing common support functions and systems to manage the Spinco
business after the merger, if not managed successfully by management, may result
in interruptions of the business activities of the Company that could have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, management will be required to devote a
significant amount of time and attention before completion of the merger to the
process of migrating the systems and processes supporting the operations of the
Spinco business in West Virginia from systems owned and operated by Verizon to
those owned and operated by Frontier. The size, complexity and timing of this
migration, if not managed successfully by management, may result in
interruptions of Frontier’s business activities.

    The Company
may not realize the growth opportunities and cost synergies that are anticipated
from the merger.

The
success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability of the Company to
realize anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies. The Company’s
success in realizing these growth opportunities and cost synergies, and the
timing of this realization, depends on the successful integration of Frontier’s
business and operations and the Spinco business and operations. Even if the
Company is able to integrate the Frontier and Spinco businesses and operations
successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the full
benefits of the growth opportunities and cost synergies that Frontier currently
expects from this integration within the anticipated time frame or at all. For
example, the Company may be unable to eliminate duplicative costs, or the
benefits from the merger may be offset by costs incurred or delays in
integrating the companies.

After
the close of the Verizon Transaction, sales of our common stock may negatively
affect its market price.

The
market price of Frontier common stock could decline as a result of sales of
Frontier common stock in the market after the completion of the Verizon
Transaction or the perception that these sales could occur.

Depending
on the trading prices of Frontier common stock prior to the closing of the
Verizon Transaction and before accounting for (1) the elimination of fractional
shares and (2) any additional shares that may be issued as a result of amounts
paid, payable or forgone by Verizon pursuant to orders or settlements that are
issued or entered into in order to obtain governmental approvals in the Spinco
territory that are required to complete the transaction (with the number of
additional shares that may be issued under clause (2) above being restricted by
certain regulatory and other covenants and conditions to the transaction as
agreed to by the parties), Verizon stockholders will collectively own between
approximately 66% and 71% of our outstanding equity immediately following the
closing of the transaction.

If
the assets contributed to Spinco by Verizon are insufficient to operate the
Spinco business, it could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Pursuant
to the distribution agreement executed in connection with the Verizon
Transaction, Verizon will contribute to Spinco defined assets and liabilities of
its local exchange business and related landline activities in the Spinco
territory, including Internet access and long distance services and broadband
video provided to designated customers in the Spinco territory. The merger
agreement provides that all the contributions will be made so that the Spinco
business (other than the portion conducted in West Virginia) is segregated from
Verizon’s other businesses at least 60 days prior to the closing of the spin-off
and merger. However, the contributed assets may not be sufficient to operate all
aspects of the Spinco business and the Company may have to use assets or
resources from Frontier’s existing business or acquire additional assets in
order to operate the Spinco business, which could adversely affect the Company’s
business, financial condition and results of operations.

 11

    Pursuant to
the distribution agreement, Frontier has certain rights to cause Verizon to
transfer to it any assets required to be contributed to Spinco under that
agreement that were not contributed as required. If Verizon were unable or
unwilling to transfer those assets to the Company, or if Verizon and Frontier
were to disagree about whether those assets were required to be contributed to
Spinco under the distribution agreement, the Company might not be able to obtain
those assets or similar assets from others without significant costs or at
all.

The
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be
adversely affected following the merger if it is not able to obtain consents to
assign certain Verizon contracts to Spinco.

Certain
wholesale, large business, Internet service provider and other customer
contracts that are required to be assigned to Spinco by Verizon require the
consent of the customer party to the contract to effect this assignment. Verizon
and Frontier may be unable to obtain these consents on terms favorable to the
Company or at all, which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s
business, financial condition and results of operations following the
merger.

 Regulatory agencies may delay approval
of the Verizon Transaction, fail to approve it, or approve it in a manner that
may diminish the anticipated benefits of the merger.

Completion
of the Verizon Transaction is conditioned upon the receipt of certain government
consents, approvals, orders and authorizations. While Frontier and Verizon have
obtained certain, and intend to pursue vigorously all other, required
governmental approvals and do not know of any reason why they would not be able
to obtain the necessary approvals in a timely manner, the requirement to receive
these approvals before completion of the Verizon Transaction could delay the
completion of the Verizon Transaction. Any delay in the completion of the
Verizon Transaction could diminish the anticipated benefits of the Verizon
Transaction or result in additional transaction costs, loss of revenues or other
effects associated with uncertainty about the transaction. Any uncertainty over
the ability of the companies to complete the Verizon Transaction could make it
more difficult for Frontier to maintain or to pursue particular business
strategies. In addition, until the Verizon Transaction is completed, the
attention of Frontier management may be diverted from ongoing business concerns
and regular business responsibilities to the extent management is focused on
obtaining regulatory approvals.

Further,
governmental agencies may decline to grant required approvals, or they may
impose conditions on their approval of the Verizon Transaction that could have
an adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations. Any amounts paid, payable or forgone by Verizon pursuant to orders
or settlements that are issued or entered into in order to obtain governmental
approvals in the Spinco territory that are required to complete the Verizon
Transaction will increase the aggregate number of shares of Frontier common
stock to be issued pursuant to the merger agreement, and any such increase could
be significant.  If any governmental agency declines to grant any
required approval for the Verizon Transaction, then the Verizon Transaction may
not be consummated.  In addition, conditions imposed by governmental
agencies in connection with their approval of the Verizon Transaction (such as
service quality or capital expenditure requirements) may restrict the Company’s
ability to modify the operations of its business in response to changing
circumstances for a period of time after the closing of the merger and/or its
ability to expend cash for other uses, including for payment of
dividends.

The
merger agreement contains provisions that may discourage other companies from
trying to acquire Frontier.

The
merger agreement contains provisions that may discourage a third party from
submitting a business combination proposal to Frontier prior to the closing of
the merger that might result in greater value to Frontier stockholders than the
merger. The merger agreement generally prohibits Frontier from soliciting any
acquisition proposal, and Frontier may not terminate the merger agreement in
order to accept an alternative business combination proposal that might result
in greater value to Frontier stockholders than the merger.  If the
merger agreement is terminated by Frontier or Verizon in certain circumstances,
Frontier may be obligated to pay a termination fee of $80.0 million to Verizon,
which would represent an additional cost for a potential third party seeking a
business combination with Frontier.

 12

Failure to complete the merger could
adversely affect the trading price of Frontier’s securities as well as
Frontier’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

If the
merger is not completed for any reason, the trading price of Frontier’s common
stock may decline to the extent that the market price of the common stock
reflects positive market assumptions that the merger will be completed and the
related benefits will be realized. Frontier may also be subject to additional
risks if the merger is not completed, including:

 •

 the
 requirement in the merger agreement that, under certain circumstances,
 Frontier pay Verizon a termination fee of
 $80.0 million;

 •

 substantial
 costs related to the merger, such as legal, accounting, filing, financial
 advisory, financial printing fees, and integration costs that have already
 been incurred or will continue up to closing.  While the Company
 continues to evaluate certain other expenses, we currently expect to incur
 approximately $100.0 million of integration expenses and approximately
 $75.0 million of capital expenditures in
2010;

 •

 substantial
 interest expense will be incurred if Spinco initiates the financing of the
 approximately $3.0 billion prior to closing;
and

 •

 potential
 disruption to the business of Frontier and distraction of its workforce
 and management team.

    If the
spin-off does not qualify as a tax-free spin-off under Section 355 of the
Internal Revenue Code (the Code), including as a result of subsequent
acquisitions of stock of Verizon or Frontier, then Verizon or Verizon
stockholders may be required to pay substantial U.S. federal income taxes, and
Frontier may be obligated to indemnify Verizon for such taxes imposed on
Verizon.

The
spin-off and merger are conditioned upon Verizon’s receipt of a private letter
ruling from the IRS to the effect that the spin-off and certain related
transactions will qualify as tax-free to Verizon, Spinco and the Verizon
stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the IRS ruling). A private
letter ruling from the IRS generally is binding on the IRS. The favorable IRS
private letter ruling has been received by Verizon.  As expected, the
IRS ruling does not rule that the spin-off satisfies every requirement for a
tax-free spin-off, and the parties will rely solely on the opinion of counsel
described below for comfort that such additional requirements are
satisfied.

The IRS ruling is based on, among other
things, certain representations and assumptions as to factual matters made by
Verizon, Spinco and Frontier. The failure of any factual representation or
assumption to be true, correct and complete in all material respects could
adversely affect the validity of the IRS ruling. In addition, the IRS ruling is
based on current law, and cannot be relied upon if current law changes with
retroactive effect.

The
spin-off will be taxable to Verizon pursuant to Section 355(e) of the Code
if there is a 50% or more change in ownership of either Verizon or Spinco,
directly or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related transactions that
include the spin-off. Because Verizon stockholders will collectively own more
than 50% of the Frontier common stock following the merger, the merger alone
will not cause the spin-off to be taxable to Verizon under Section 355(e).
However, Section 355(e) might apply if other acquisitions of stock of
Verizon before or after the merger, or of Frontier after the merger, are
considered to be part of a plan or series of related transactions that include
the spin-off. If Section 355(e) applied, Verizon might recognize a very
substantial amount of taxable gain.

Under a
tax sharing agreement, in certain circumstances, and subject to certain
limitations, Frontier is required to indemnify Verizon against taxes on the
spin-off that arise as a result of actions or failures to act by Frontier, or as
a result of changes in ownership of the stock of Frontier after the merger. In
some cases, however, Verizon might recognize gain on the spin-off without being
entitled to an indemnification payment under the tax sharing
agreement.

 13

If the merger does not qualify as a
tax-free reorganization under Section 368 of the Code, Frontier may be
required to pay substantial U.S. federal income taxes.

Frontier
expects that the merger will qualify as a tax-free reorganization under Section
368(a) of the Code, and the obligation of Frontier to consummate the merger is
conditioned upon receiving an opinion of counsel to that effect. Such opinion
will be based upon, among other things, certain representations and assumptions
as to factual matters made by Verizon, Spinco and Frontier. The failure of any
factual representation or assumption to be true, correct and complete in all
material respects could adversely affect the validity of the opinion. An opinion
of counsel represents counsel’s best legal judgment, is not binding on the IRS
or the courts, and the IRS or the courts may not agree with the opinion. In
addition, the opinion will be based on current law, and cannot be relied upon if
current law changes with retroactive effect. If the merger were taxable, Spinco
stockholders would recognize taxable gain or loss on their receipt of Frontier
stock in the merger, and Spinco would be considered to have made a taxable sale
of its assets to Frontier.

     Frontier will
be unable to take certain actions after the merger because such actions could
jeopardize the tax-free status of the spin-off or the merger, and such
restrictions could be significant.

Frontier
is prohibited pursuant to a tax sharing agreement from taking actions that could
reasonably be expected to cause the spin-off to be taxable or to jeopardize the
conclusions of the IRS ruling or opinions of counsel received by Verizon or
Frontier. In particular, for two years after the spin-off, Frontier may
not:

 •

 enter
 into any agreement, understanding or arrangement or engage in any
 substantial negotiations with respect to any transaction involving the
 acquisition, issuance, repurchase or change of ownership of Frontier
 capital stock, or options or other rights in respect of Frontier capital
 stock, subject to certain exceptions relating to employee compensation
 arrangements, stock splits, open market stock repurchases and stockholder
 rights plans;

 •

 permit
 certain wholly owned subsidiaries owned by Spinco at the time of the
 spin-off to cease the active conduct of the Spinco business to the extent
 it was conducted immediately prior to the spin-off;
 or

 •

 voluntarily
 dissolve, liquidate, merge or consolidate with any other person, unless
 Frontier survives and the transaction otherwise complies with the
 restrictions in the tax sharing
agreement.

The tax
sharing agreement further restricts Frontier from prepaying, or modifying the
terms of, the Spinco debt securities, if any.

     Nevertheless,
Frontier is permitted to take any of the actions described above if it obtains
Verizon’s consent, or if it obtains a supplemental IRS private letter ruling (or
an opinion of counsel that is reasonably acceptable to Verizon) to the effect
that the action will not affect the tax-free status of the spin-off or the
merger. However, the receipt by Frontier of any such consent, opinion or ruling
does not relieve Frontier of any obligation it has to indemnify Verizon for an
action it takes that causes the spin-off to be taxable to
Verizon.

Because
of these restrictions, for two years after the merger, Frontier may be limited
in the amount of capital stock that it can issue to make acquisitions or to
raise additional capital. Also, Frontier’s indemnity obligation to Verizon may
discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring control of Frontier
during this two-year period in a transaction that stockholders of Frontier might
consider favorable.

 14

Investors holding shares of Frontier
common stock immediately prior to the merger will, in the aggregate, have a
significantly reduced ownership and voting interest after the
merger.

After the
merger’s completion, Frontier stockholders will, in the aggregate, own a
significantly smaller percentage of the Company than they will collectively own
of Frontier immediately prior to the merger.  Depending on the trading
prices of Frontier common stock prior to the closing of the merger and before
accounting for the elimination of fractional shares and adjustments for any
amounts paid, payable or forgone by Verizon pursuant to orders or settlements
that are issued or entered into in order to obtain governmental approvals in the
Spinco territory that are required to complete the merger and the spin-off,
Frontier stockholders will collectively own between approximately 29% and 34% of
the Company’s outstanding equity immediately following the closing of the
merger.  Consequently, Frontier stockholder votes, collectively, will
have significantly less influence over the policies of the Company than they
would be able to exercise over the policies of Frontier immediately prior to the
merger.  Moreover, the number of shares of Frontier common stock to be
issued to Verizon stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement is subject to
increase by any amounts paid, payable or forgone by Verizon pursuant to orders
or settlements that are issued or entered into in order to obtain government
approvals in the Spinco territory that are required to complete the merger or
the spin-off, and any such increase may be significant.  In addition,
Verizon intends to exercise its right to designate three of the twelve members
of the board of directors of the Company.

The pendency of the merger could
adversely affect the business and operations of Frontier and the Spinco
business.

In
connection with the pending merger, some customers of each of Frontier and the
Spinco business may delay or defer decisions or may end their relationships with
the relevant company, which could negatively affect the revenues, earnings and
cash flows of Frontier and the Spinco business, regardless of whether the merger
is completed. Similarly, current and prospective employees of Frontier and the
Spinco business may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the
Company following the merger, which may materially adversely affect the ability
of each of Frontier and the Spinco business to attract and retain key personnel
during the pendency of the merger.

Risks Related to Frontier
and the Company’s Business Following the

Merger

The
risks discussed below in this section refer to the “Company” for ease of
reference.  The risks apply to Frontier as a stand-alone entity before
the Verizon Transaction is completed, will continue to apply to Frontier if the
Verizon Transaction is not completed for any reason and will also apply to the
combined company assuming the Verizon Transaction closes.

The Company will likely face further
reductions in access lines, switched access minutes of use, long distance
revenues and federal and state subsidy revenues, which could adversely affect
it.

The
businesses that will make up the Company have experienced declining access
lines, switched access minutes of use, long distance revenues, federal and state
subsidies and related revenues because of economic conditions, increasing
competition, changing consumer behavior (such as wireless displacement of
wireline use, e-mail use, instant messaging and increasing use of VOIP),
technology changes and regulatory constraint. For example, Frontier’s access
lines declined 6% in 2009 and 7% in 2008.  In addition, Frontier’s
switched access minutes of use declined 12% in 2009 and 9% in 2008 (after
excluding the switched access minutes added through acquisitons in
2007).  The Spinco business’s access lines declined 11.6% in 2009 and
10% in 2008.  In addition, the Spinco business’s switched access
minutes of use declined 10% in 2009 and 11% in 2008.  These factors,
among others, are likely to cause the Company’s local network service, switched
network access, long distance and subsidy revenues to continue to decline, and
these factors may cause the Company’s cash generated by operations to
decrease.

 15

    The Company
will face intense competition, which could adversely affect
it.

The
communications industry is extremely competitive and competition is increasing.
The traditional dividing lines between local, long distance, wireless, cable and
Internet service providers are becoming increasingly blurred. Through mergers
and various service expansion strategies, service providers are striving to
provide integrated solutions both within and across geographic markets. The
Company’s competitors will include competitive local exchange carriers and other
providers of services, such as Internet service providers, wireless companies,
VOIP providers and cable companies that may provide services competitive with
the services that the Company will offer or will intend to introduce.
Competition will continue to be intense following the merger, and Frontier
cannot assure you that the Company will be able to compete effectively. Frontier
also believes that wireless and cable telephony providers have increased their
penetration of various services in Frontier’s and Spinco’s markets. Frontier
expects the Company to continue to lose access lines and that competition with
respect to all the products and services of the Company will
increase.

Frontier
expects competition to intensify as a result of the entrance of new competitors,
penetration of existing competitors into new markets, changing consumer behavior
and the development of new technologies, products and services that can be used
in substitution for the Company’s products and services. Frontier cannot predict
which of the many possible future technologies, products or services will be
important in order to maintain the Company’s competitive position or what
expenditures will be required to develop and provide these technologies,
products or services. The Company’s ability to compete successfully will depend
on the success and cost of capital expenditure investments in the Frontier and
Spinco territories as well as the cost of marketing efforts and on the Company’s
ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the
industry, including a changing regulatory environment that may affect the
Company and its competitors differently, new services that may be introduced
(including wireless broadband offerings), changes in consumer preferences,
demographic trends, economic conditions and pricing strategies by competitors.
Increasing competition may reduce the Company’s revenues and increase the
Company’s marketing and other costs as well as require the Company to increase
its capital expenditures and thereby decrease its cash flow.

Some of the Company’s future
competitors will have superior resources, which may place the Company at a cost
and price disadvantage.

Some of
the companies that will be competitors of the Company will have market presence,
engineering, technical and marketing capabilities and financial, personnel and
other resources substantially greater than those of the Company. In addition,
some of these future competitors will be able to raise capital at a lower cost
than the Company. Consequently, some of these competitors may be able to develop
and expand their communications and network infrastructures more quickly, adapt
more swiftly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
requirements, take advantage of acquisition and other opportunities more readily
and devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and
services than the Company. Additionally, the greater brand name recognition of
some future competitors may require the Company to price its services at lower
levels in order to retain or obtain customers. Finally, the cost advantages of
some of these competitors may give them the ability to reduce their prices for
an extended period of time if they so choose.

The Company may be unable to grow
its revenues and cash flows despite the initiatives Frontier has implemented and
intends to continue after the merger.

The
Company must produce adequate revenues and cash flows that, when combined with
funds available under Frontier’s revolving credit facility, will be sufficient
to service the Company’s debt, fund its capital expenditures, pay its taxes,
fund its pension and other employee benefit obligations and pay dividends
pursuant to its dividend policy. Frontier has identified some potential areas of
opportunity and has implemented and will continue to implement several growth
initiatives, including increasing marketing promotions and related expenditures
and launching new products and services with a focus on areas that are growing
or demonstrate meaningful demand such as wireline and wireless HSI, satellite
video products and the “Frontier Peace of Mind” suite of products, including
computer technical support. Frontier cannot assure you that management will
choose the best initiatives to pursue, that their approaches to these
opportunities will be successful or that these initiatives will improve the
Company’s financial position or its results of operations.

 16

    Weak economic
conditions may decrease demand for the Company’s
services
.

The
Company could be sensitive to the ongoing recession if current economic
conditions or their effects continue. Downturns in the economy and competition
in the Company’s markets could cause some of the Company’s customers to reduce
or eliminate their purchases of the Company’s basic and enhanced services, HSI
and video services and make it difficult for the Company to obtain new
customers. In addition, if current economic conditions continue, they could
cause the Company’s customers to delay or discontinue payment for its
services.

     Disruption in the
Company’s networks, infrastructure and information technology may cause the
Company to lose customers and incur additional
expenses
.

To
attract and retain customers, the Company will need to provide customers with
reliable service. Some of the risks to the Company’s networks, infrastructure
and information technology include physical damage, security breaches, capacity
limitations, power surges or outages, software defects and disruptions beyond
its control, such as natural disasters and acts of terrorism. From time to time
in the ordinary course of business, the Company could experience short
disruptions in its service due to factors such as cable damage, inclement
weather and service failures of the Company’s third-party service providers. The
Company could experience more significant disruptions in the future. The Company
could also face disruptions due to capacity limitations if changes in the
Company’s customers’ usage patterns for its HSI services result in a significant
increase in capacity utilization, such as through increased usage of video or
peer-to-peer file sharing applications. Disruptions may cause interruptions in
service or reduced capacity for customers, either of which could cause the
Company to lose customers and incur additional expenses, and thereby adversely
affect its business, revenues and cash flows.

The Company’s business will be
sensitive to the creditworthiness of its wholesale
customers.

The
Company will have substantial business relationships with other
telecommunications carriers for whom it will provide service. While bankruptcies
of these carriers have not had a material adverse effect on Frontier or the
Spinco business in recent years, future bankruptcies in their industry could
result in the loss of significant customers by the Company, as well as more
price competition and uncollectible accounts receivable. Such bankruptcies may
be more likely in the future if current economic conditions continue through
2010 or beyond. As a result, the Company’s revenues and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected.

A significant portion of the Company’s
workforce will be represented by labor unions and will therefore be subject to
collective bargaining agreements, and if the Company is unable to enter into new
agreements or renew existing agreements before they expire, the Company workers
subject to collective bargaining agreements could engage in strikes or other
labor actions that could materially disrupt the Company’s ability to provide
services to its customers.

As of
December 31, 2009, Frontier had approximately 5,400 active employees.
Approximately 2,800, or 52%, of these employees were represented by unions and
were therefore subject to collective bargaining agreements. Of the
union-represented employees, approximately 750, or 27%, are subject to
collective bargaining agreements that expire in 2010 and approximately 1,200, or
43%, are subject to collective bargaining agreements that expire in
2011.

As of
December 31, 2009, assuming the Verizon Transaction had taken place as of that
date, Spinco would have had approximately 9,500 active employees. Approximately
6,800, or 72%, of these employees were represented by unions and were therefore
subject to collective bargaining agreements. Of the union-represented employees,
approximately 3,300, or 49%, are subject to collective bargaining agreements
that expire in 2010.

Frontier
cannot predict the outcome of negotiations for the collective bargaining
agreements of the Company. If the Company is unable to reach new agreements or
renew existing agreements, employees subject to collective bargaining agreements
may engage in strikes, work slowdowns or other labor actions, which could
materially disrupt the Company’s ability to provide services. New labor
agreements or the renewal of existing agreements may impose significant new
costs on the Company, which could adversely affect its financial condition and
results of operations in the future.

 17

The Company may complete a
significant strategic transaction that may not achieve intended results or could
increase the number of its outstanding shares or amount of outstanding debt or
result in a change of control.

The
management of the Company will evaluate and may in the future enter into
additional strategic transactions. Any such transaction could happen at any time
following the closing of the merger, could be material to the Company’s business
and could take any number of forms, including, for example, an acquisition,
merger or a sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s
assets.

Evaluating
potential transactions and integrating completed ones may divert the attention
of the Company’s management from ordinary operating matters. The success of
these potential transactions will depend, in part, on the Company’s ability to
realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies through the
successful integration of the businesses the Company acquires with its existing
business. Even if the Company is successful in integrating the acquired
businesses, Frontier cannot assure you that these integrations will result in
the realization of the full benefit of any anticipated growth opportunities or
cost synergies or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time
frames. In addition, acquired businesses may have unanticipated liabilities or
contingencies.

     If the
Company completes an acquisition, investment or other strategic transaction, the
Company may require additional financing that could result in an increase in the
number of its outstanding shares or the aggregate amount of its debt, although
there are restrictions on the ability of the Company to issue additional shares
of stock for these purposes for two years after the merger. See Risks Relating
to the Verizon Transaction—“Frontier will be unable to take certain actions
after the merger because such actions could jeopardize the tax-free status of
the spin-off or the merger, and such restrictions could be significant.” The
number of shares of the Company’s common stock or the aggregate principal amount
of its debt that it may issue may be significant. A strategic transaction may
result in a change in control of the Company or otherwise materially and
adversely affect its business.

A
significant portion of the Company’s work force is retirement
eligible.

As of December 31, 2009, approximately
1,200, or 22%, of Frontier's approximately 5,400 active employees are retirement
eligible.  It is expected that a significant number of the Spinco
employees are or will be retirement eligible at or prior to the time of closing
of the Verizon Transaction.  If these employees were to retire and
could not be promptly replaced, customer service could be negatively impacted,
which could have a material impact on the Company’s operations and financial
results.

If
the Company is unable to hire or retain key personnel, it may be unable to
successfully operate its business.

The
Company’s success will depend in part upon the continued services of its
management.  The Company cannot guarantee that these key personnel and
others will not leave or compete with it.  The loss, incapacity or
unavailability for any reason of key members of the management team could have a
material impact on the Company’s business.  In addition, the Company’s
financial results and its ability to compete will suffer should it become unable
to attract, integrate or retain other qualified personnel in the
future.

 18

Risks Related to Liquidity,
Financial Resources and Capitalization

The
risks discussed below in this section refer to the “Company” for ease of
reference. The risks apply to Frontier as a stand-alone entity before the
Verizon Transaction is completed and will continue to apply to Frontier if the
Verizon Transaction is not completed for any reason and will also apply to the
combined company assuming the Verizon Transaction closes.

     If the lingering
impact of the severe contraction in the global financial markets and current
economic conditions continue through 2010, this economic scenario may have an
impact on the Company’s business and financial
condition
.

The
diminished availability of credit and liquidity due to the lingering impact of
the severe contraction in the global financial markets and current economic
conditions may continue through 2010.  This economic scenario may
affect the financial health of the Company’s customers, vendors and partners,
which in turn may negatively affect the Company’s revenues, operating expenses
and cash flows. In addition, although Frontier believes, based on currently
available information, that the financial institutions that have outstanding
commitments under Frontier’s revolving credit facility will be able to fulfill
their commitments to the Company, if the current economic environment and the
recent severe contraction in the global financial markets continue through 2010
or beyond, this could change in the future.  It is Frontier’s
intention to replace its existing $250.0 million revolving credit facility with
a significantly larger facility by the closing date of the Verizon
Transaction.

Volatility
in asset values related to Frontier’s pension plan and our assumption of
Spinco’s pension plan obligations may require us to make cash contributions to
fund pension plan liabilities.

As a result of the ongoing payment of
benefits and negative investment returns arising from a contraction in the
global financial markets, Frontier’s pension plan assets have declined from
$822.2 million at December 31, 2007, to $608.6 million at December 31,
2009, a decrease of $213.6 million, or 26%. This decrease consisted of a decline
in asset value of $72.8 million, or 9%, and benefits paid of $140.8 million, or
17%. As a result of the continued accrual of pension benefits under the
applicable pension plan and the cumulative negative investment returns arising
from the contraction of the global financial markets since 2007, Frontier’s
pension expenses increased in 2009. While the pension asset values have
increased in 2009, Frontier expects to make a cash contribution to its pension
plan of $10.0 million in 2010. Once the merger is consummated, the Company will
maintain Frontier’s pension plan and will be responsible for contributions to
fund the plan’s liabilities, and may be required to continue making these cash
contributions in respect of liabilities under Frontier’s pension plan. The
Company will also, upon consummation of the merger, maintain pension plans that
assume the Spinco business’s pension plan liabilities for active employees. The
applicable Verizon tax-qualified pension plans will transfer assets to the
Spinco pension plans pursuant to applicable law and the terms of the employee
matters agreement entered into among Verizon, Spinco and
Frontier.   The aggregate transfer related to the tax-qualified
pension plans for active union employees will be sufficient for full funding of
projected benefit obligations in the aggregate.  Following the merger,
the Company will be responsible for making any required contributions to the new
pension plans to fund liabilities of the plans, and the ongoing pension expenses
of the Spinco business may require the Company to make cash contributions in
respect of the Spinco business’s pension plan liabilities.

 19

     Substantial
debt and debt service obligations may adversely affect us.

We have a
significant amount of indebtedness, which amounted to approximately
$4.8 billion at December 31, 2009. We may also obtain additional long-term
debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs, subject
to certain restrictions under the terms of our existing indebtedness, which
would increase our total debt.  If the Verizon Transaction is
completed, the Company will have additional indebtedness in the amount of
approximately $3.4 billion at the closing of the Verizon Transaction. Despite
the substantial additional indebtedness that the Company would then have, the
Company would not be prohibited from incurring even more
indebtedness.  If the Verizon Transaction is completed and the Company
was to incur additional indebtedness, the risks that result from our substantial
indebtedness could be magnified.

The
potential significant negative consequences on our financial condition and
results of operations that could result from our substantial debt
include:

 •

 limitations
 on our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing, particularly
 in light of the current credit
environment;

 •

 instances
 in which we are unable to meet the financial covenants contained in our
 debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to make required debt
 payments, which circumstances have the potential of accelerating the
 maturity of some or all of our outstanding
 indebtedness;

 •

 the
 allocation of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to
 service our debt, thus reducing the amount of our cash flow available for
 other purposes, including operating costs, capital expenditures and
 dividends that could improve our competitive position, results of
 operations or stock price;

 •

 requiring
 us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets,
 possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment
 obligations;

 •

 compromising
 our flexibility to plan for, or react to, competitive challenges in our
 business and the communications industry;
and

 •

 the
 possibility of our being put at a competitive disadvantage with
 competitors who do not have as much debt as us, and competitors who may be
 in a more favorable position to access additional capital
 resources.

     The Company will
require substantial capital to upgrade and enhance its
operations
.

Verizon’s
historical capital expenditures in connection with the Spinco business,
excluding FiOS, have been significantly lower than Frontier’s level of capital
expenditures. Replacing or upgrading the Company’s infrastructure will require
significant capital expenditures, including any expected or unexpected
expenditures necessary to make replacements or upgrades to the existing
infrastructure of the Spinco business. If this capital is not available when
needed, the Company’s business will be adversely affected. Responding to
increases in competition, offering new services, and improving the capabilities
of, or reducing the maintenance costs associated with, the Company’s plant may
cause the Company’s capital expenditures to increase in the future. In addition,
the Company’s anticipated annual dividend will utilize a significant
portion of the Company’s cash generated by operations and therefore could limit
the Company’s ability to increase capital expenditures significantly. While
Frontier believes that the Company’s anticipated cash flows will be adequate to
maintain this dividend policy while allowing for appropriate capital spending
and other purposes, any material reduction in cash generated by operations and
any increases in planned capital expenditures, interest expense or cash taxes
would reduce the amount of cash available for further capital expenditures and
payment of dividends. Accelerated losses of access lines, the effects of
increased competition, lower subsidy and access revenues and the other factors
described above may reduce the Company’s cash generated by operations and may
require the Company to increase capital expenditures.

 20

Risks Related to
Regulation

The
risks discussed below in this section refer to the “Company” for ease of
reference.  The risks apply to Frontier as a stand-alone entity before
the Verizon Transaction is completed and will continue to apply to Frontier if
the Verizon Transaction is not completed for any reason and will also apply to
the combined company assuming the Verizon Transaction closes.

Changes in federal or state
regulations may reduce the access charge revenues the Company will
receive.

A
significant portion of Frontier’s revenues (approximately $246.3 million, or
12%, in 2009) are derived from access charges paid by other carriers for
services Frontier provides in originating and terminating intrastate and
interstate long distance traffic. As a result, Frontier expects a significant
portion (approximately 7%) of the Company’s revenues to continue to be derived
from access charges paid by these carriers for services that the Company will
provide in originating and terminating this traffic. The amount of access charge
revenues that Frontier and the Spinco business receive (and, after the closing,
the Company will receive) for these services is regulated by the FCC and state
regulatory agencies.

The FCC
is considering proposals that may significantly change interstate, intrastate
and local intercarrier compensation. When and how these proposed changes will be
addressed are unknown and, accordingly, Frontier cannot predict the impact of
future changes on the Company’s results of operations. However, future
reductions in the Company’s access revenues will directly affect the Company’s
profitability and cash flows as those regulatory revenues do not have associated
variable expenses.

Certain
states also have open proceedings to address reform to access charges and other
intercarrier compensation. Frontier cannot predict when or how these matters
will be decided or the effect on the Company’s subsidy or access revenues. In
addition, Frontier has been approached by, and is currently involved in formal
state proceedings with, various carriers seeking reductions in intrastate access
rates in certain states. Certain of those claims have led to formal complaints
to the applicable state regulatory agencies. A material reduction in the access
revenues the Company will receive would adversely affect its financial
results.

     The Company
will be reliant on support funds provided under federal and state
laws.

A portion
of Frontier’s revenues (approximately $113.3 million in the aggregate, or 5%, in
2009) are derived from federal and state subsidies for rural and high cost
support, commonly referred to as universal service fund subsidies, including the
Federal High Cost Loop Fund, federal interstate access support, federal
interstate common line support, federal local switching support fund, various
state funds and surcharges billed to customers. The FCC and state regulatory
agencies are currently considering a number of proposals for changing the manner
in which eligibility for federal and state subsidies is determined as well as
the amounts of such subsidies. The FCC issued an order on May 1, 2008 to
cap the amounts that CETCs may receive from the high cost Federal Universal
Service Fund (USF).   In 2009, a Federal court upheld the FCC’s
order and the cap remains in place pending any future reform.  In
November 2008, the FCC issued a Further Notice of Proposed Rulemaking seeking
comment on several different alternatives, some of which could significantly
reduce the amount of federal high cost universal service support that the
Company would receive. Frontier cannot predict if or when the FCC will take
additional actions or the effect of any such actions on the Company’s subsidy
revenues.

Federal
subsidies representing interstate access support, rural high cost loop support
and local switching support represented approximately $69.1 million, or 3%, of
Frontier’s revenues in 2009.  Frontier currently expects that as a
result of both an increase in the national average cost per loop and a decrease
in Frontier’s and the Spinco business’s cost structure, there will be a decrease
in the subsidy revenues Frontier and the Spinco business will earn in 2010
through the Federal High Cost Loop Fund. The amount of federal interstate access
support funds received may also decline as that fund is also subject to a
national cap and the amounts allocated among carriers within that cap can vary
from year to year. State subsidies represented approximately $8.7 million, or
less than 1%, of Frontier’s revenues in 2009. Approximately $35.5 million, or
2%, of Frontier’s 2009 revenues, represents a surcharge to customers (local,
long distance and interconnection) to recover universal service fund
contribution fees which are remitted to the FCC and recorded as an expense in
“other operating expenses.” Frontier expects that approximately 5% of the
Company’s revenue will continue to be derived from federal and state subsidies,
and from surcharges to customers.

 21

    The Company and its
industry will likely remain highly regulated, and the Company will likely incur
substantial compliance costs that could constrain its ability to compete in its
target markets
.

As an
incumbent local exchange carrier, the Company will be subject to significant
regulation from federal, state and local authorities. This regulation will
restrict the Company’s ability to change its rates, especially on its basic
services and its access rates, and will impose substantial compliance costs on
the Company. Regulation will constrain the Company’s ability to compete and, in
some jurisdictions, it may restrict how the Company is able to expand its
service offerings. In addition, changes to the regulations that govern the
Company may have an adverse effect upon its business by reducing the allowable
fees that it may charge, imposing additional compliance costs or otherwise
changing the nature of its operations and the competition in its
industry.

Pending
FCC rulemakings and state regulatory proceedings, including those relating to
intercarrier compensation and universal service, could have a substantial
adverse impact on the Company’s operations.

Risks Related to
Technology

 The risks discussed below in
this section refer to the “Company” for ease of reference.  The risks
apply to Frontier as a stand-alone entity before the Verizon Transaction is
completed and will continue to apply to Frontier if the Verizon Transaction is
not completed for any reason and will also apply to the combined company
assuming the Verizon Transaction closes.

In the future, as competition
intensifies within the Company’s markets, the Company may be unable to meet the
technological needs or expectations of its customers, and may lose customers as
a result.

The
communications industry is subject to significant changes in technology. If the
Company does not replace or upgrade technology and equipment, it may be unable
to compete effectively because it will not be able to meet the needs or
expectations of its customers. Replacing or upgrading the combined
infrastructure could result in significant capital expenditures.

In
addition, rapidly changing technology in the communications industry may
influence the Company’s customers to consider other service providers. For
example, the Company may be unable to retain customers who decide to replace
their wireline telephone service with wireless telephone service. In addition,
VoIP technology, which operates on broadband technology, now provides the
Company’s competitors with a competitive alternative to provide voice services
to the Company’s customers, and wireless broadband technologies may permit the
Company’s competitors to offer broadband data services to the Company’s
customers throughout most or all of its service areas.

 22