CAUTIONARY
 STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain
 expectations and projections regarding our future performance referenced in
 this
 report, in other materials we file with the SEC or otherwise release to the
 public, and on our website are forward-looking statements. Senior officers
 may
 also make verbal statements to analysts, investors, regulators, the media and
 others that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements involve matters
 that
 are not historical facts, such as statements in “Item 7, Management’s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere
 regarding our future operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition,
 economic performance (including growth and earnings), industry conditions and
 demand for our products and services. We have tried, whenever possible, to
 identify these statements by using words such as "anticipate," "assume,"
“believe,” "can," "could," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "future," “goal,”
"indicate," "intend," "may," “outlook,” "plan," “potential,” "predict,"
 "project,” "seek," "should," "target," "will," "would," and similar expressions.

You
 are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.
 Our
 forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are
 based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data along
 with
 our operating plans. While we believe that our expectations for the future
 are
 reasonable in view of the currently available information, our expectations
 are
 subject to future events, risks and inherent uncertainties, as well as
 potentially inaccurate assumptions, and there are numerous factors - many beyond
 our control - that could cause results to differ significantly from our
 expectations. Such events, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
 to those set forth below and in the other documents that we file with the SEC.
 We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities
 Litigation Reform Act of 1995. There also may be other factors that we cannot
 anticipate or that are not described in this report, generally because we do
 not
 perceive them to be material, that could cause results to differ significantly
 from our expectations. 

Forward-looking
 statements are only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any
 obligation to update these statements to reflect subsequent circumstances or
 events. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make
 on
 related subjects in our Form 10-Q and Form 8-K reports to the
 SEC.

Risks
 Related to Our Business

Risks
 related to the regulation of our businesses could affect the rates we are able
 to charge, our costs and our profitability.

Our
 businesses are subject to regulation by federal, state and local regulatory
 authorities. In particular, at the federal level our distribution businesses
 are
 regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) under the Energy
 Policy Act of 2005 (Energy Act). At the state level, our distribution businesses
 are regulated by the Georgia Public Service Commission (Georgia Commission),
 the
 Tennessee Regulatory Authority (Tennessee Commission), the New Jersey Board
 of
 Public Utilities (New Jersey Commission), the Florida Public Service Commission
 (Florida Commission), the Virginia State Corporation Commission (Virginia
 Commission) and the Maryland Public Service Commission (Maryland Commission).
 These authorities regulate many aspects of our distribution operations,
 including construction and maintenance of facilities, operations, safety, rates
 that we charge customers, rates of return, the authorized cost of capital,
 recovery of pipeline replacement and environmental remediation costs,
 relationships with our affiliates, and carrying costs we charge marketers
 selling retail natural gas in Georgia and certificated by the Georgia Commission
 (Marketers) for gas held in storage for their customer accounts. Our ability
 to
 obtain rate increases and rate supplements to maintain our current rates of
 return depends on regulatory discretion, and there can be no assurance that
 we
 will be able to obtain rate increases or rate supplements or continue receiving
 our currently authorized rates of return. 

 7

Table
 of Contents

Deregulation
 in the natural gas industry is the separation of the provision and pricing
 of
 local distribution gas services into discrete components. Deregulation typically
 focuses on the separation of the gas distribution business from the gas sales
 business and is intended to cause the opening of the formerly regulated sales
 business to alternative unregulated suppliers of gas sales services.

In
 1997,
 the Georgia legislature enacted the Natural Gas Competition and Deregulation
 Act
 (Deregulation Act). To date, Georgia is the only state in the nation that has
 fully deregulated gas distribution operations, which ultimately resulted in
 Atlanta Gas Light exiting the retail natural gas sales business while retaining
 its gas distribution operations. Marketers then assumed the retail gas sales
 responsibility at deregulated prices. The deregulation process required Atlanta
 Gas Light to completely reorganize its operations and personnel at significant
 expense. It is possible that the legislature could reverse the deregulation
 process and require or permit Atlanta Gas Light to provide retail gas sales
 service once again or require our retail energy operations segment, SouthStar,
 to change the nature of how it provides natural gas to certain customers. In
 addition, the Georgia Commission has statutory authority on an emergency basis
 to order Atlanta Gas Light to temporarily provide the same retail gas service
 that it provided prior to deregulation. If any of these events were to occur,
 we
 would incur costs to reverse the restructuring process or potentially lose
 the
 earnings opportunity embedded within the current marketing framework.
 Furthermore, the Georgia Commission has authority to change the terms under
 which we charge Marketers for certain supply-related services, which could
 also
 affect our future earnings. 

A
 significant portion of our accounts receivable are subject to collection risks,
 due in part to a concentration of credit risk in Georgia and at
 Sequent.

We
 have
 an accounts receivable collection risk in Georgia due to a concentration of
 credit risk related to the provision of natural gas services to Marketers.
 At
 September 30, 1998 (prior to deregulation), Atlanta Gas Light had approximately
 1.5 million end-use customers in Georgia. In contrast, at December 31, 2006,
 Atlanta Gas Light had only 11 certificated and active Marketers in Georgia,
 four
 of which (based on customer count and including SouthStar) accounted for
 approximately 36%

of
 our
 consolidated operating margin for 2006. As a result, Atlanta Gas Light now
 depends on a concentrated number of customers for revenues. The failure of
 these
 Marketers to pay Atlanta Gas Light could adversely affect Atlanta Gas Light’s
 business and results of operations and expose it to difficulties in collecting
 Atlanta Gas Light’s accounts receivable. The provisions of Atlanta Gas Light’s
 tariff allow it to obtain security support in an amount equal to a minimum
 of
 two times a Marketer’s highest month’s estimated bill. Additionally, SouthStar
 markets directly to end-use customers and has periodically experienced credit
 losses as a result of severe cold weather or high prices for natural gas that
 increase customers’ bills and, consequently, impair a customers’ ability to pay.

Sequent
 often extends credit to its counterparties. Despite performing credit analyses
 prior to extending credit and seeking to effectuate netting agreements, Sequent
 is exposed to the risk that it may not be able to collect amounts owed to it.
 If
 the counterparty to such a transaction fails to perform and any collateral
 Sequent has secured is inadequate, Sequent could experience material financial
 losses. Further, Sequent has a concentration of credit risk which could subject
 a significant portion of its credit exposure to collection risks. Approximately
 57% of Sequent’s credit exposure is concentrated in 20 counterparties. Although
 most of this concentration is with counterparties that are either load-serving
 utilities or end-use customers and that have supplied some level of credit
 support, default by any of these counterparties in their obligations to pay
 amounts due Sequent could result in credit losses that would negatively impact
 our wholesale services segment. 

We
 face increasing competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our
 revenues, operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected
 and may limit our ability to grow our business.

The
 natural gas business is highly competitive, and we are facing increasing
 competition from other companies that supply energy, including electric
 companies, oil and propane providers and, in some cases, energy marketing and
 trading companies. In particular, the success of our investment in SouthStar
 is
 affected by the competition SouthStar faces from other energy marketers
 providing retail natural gas services in the Southeast. Natural gas competes
 with other forms of energy. The primary competitive factor is price. Changes
 in
 the price or availability of natural gas relative to other forms of energy
 and
 the ability of end-users to convert to alternative fuels affect the demand
 for
 natural gas. In the case of commercial, industrial and agricultural customers,
 adverse economic conditions, including higher gas costs, could also cause these
 customers to bypass or disconnect from our systems in favor of special
 competitive contracts with lower per-unit costs.

Our
 wholesale services segment competes with national and regional full-service
 energy providers, energy merchants and producers and pipelines for sales based
 on our ability to aggregate competitively priced commodities with transportation
 and storage capacity. Some of our competitors are larger and better capitalized
 than we are and have more national and global exposure than we do. The
 consolidation of this industry and the pricing to gain market share may affect
 our margins. We expect this trend to continue in the near term, and the
 increasing competition for asset management deals could result in downward
 pressure on the volume of transactions and the related margins available in
 this
 portion of Sequent’s business. 

 8

Table
 of Contents

The
 asset management arrangements between Sequent and our local distribution
 companies, and between Sequent and its nonaffiliated customers, may not be
 renewed or may be renewed at lower levels, which could have a significant impact
 on Sequent’s business.

Sequent
 currently manages the storage and transportation assets of our affiliates
 Atlanta Gas Light, Elizabethtown Gas, Elkton Gas, Virginia Natural Gas, Inc.
 (Virginia Natural Gas), Florida City Gas and Chattanooga Gas Company
 (Chattanooga Gas) and shares profits it earns from the management of those
 assets with those customers and their respective customers, except at
 Elizabethtown Gas and Elkton Gas where Sequent is assessed an annual fixed-fee
 of approximately $4 million payable in monthly installments. Entry into and
 renewal of these agreements are subject to regulatory approval. In addition,
 Sequent has asset management agreements with certain nonaffiliated customers.
 Sequent’s results could be significantly impacted if these agreements are not
 renewed or are amended or renewed with less favorable terms.

Our
 infrastructure improvement and customer growth may be restricted by the
 capital-intensive nature of our business. 

We
 must
 construct additions to our natural gas distribution system to continue the
 expansion of our customer base. We may also need to construct expansions of
 our
 existing natural gas storage facilities or develop and construct new natural
 gas
 storage facilities. The cost of this construction may be affected by the cost
 of
 obtaining government approvals, development project delays or unexpected changes
 in project costs. Weather, general economic conditions and the cost of funds
 to
 finance our capital projects can materially alter the cost, and projected
 construction schedule and completion timeline of a project. Our cash flows
 may
 not be fully adequate to finance the cost of this construction. As a result,
 we
 may be required to fund a portion of our cash needs through borrowings or the
 issuance of common stock, or both. For our distribution operations segment,
 this
 may limit our ability to expand our infrastructure to connect new customers
 due
 to limits on the amount we can economically invest, which shifts costs to
 potential customers and may make it uneconomical for them to connect to our
 distribution systems. For our natural gas storage business, this may
 significantly reduce our earnings and return on investment from what would
 be
 expected for this business, or may impair our ability to complete the expansions
 or development projects.

Changes
 in weather conditions may affect our earnings. 

Weather
 conditions and other natural phenomena can have a large impact on our earnings.
 Severe weather conditions can impact our suppliers and the pipelines that
 deliver gas to our distribution system. Extended mild weather, during either
 the
 winter period or summer period, can have a significant impact on demand for
 and
 cost of natural gas. 

We
 have a
 weather normalization adjustment (WNA) mechanism for Elizabethtown Gas and
 Chattanooga Gas that partially offsets the impact of unusually cold or warm
 weather on residential and commercial customer billings and margin.
 Additionally, Virginia Natural Gas has a WNA mechanism for its residential
 customers that partially offsets the impact of unusually cold or warm weather.
 The WNA is most effective in a reasonable temperature range relative to normal
 weather using historical averages. The protection afforded by the WNA depends
 on
 continued regulatory approval. The loss of this continued regulatory approval
 could make us more susceptible to weather-related earnings fluctuations.

Changes
 in weather conditions may also impact SouthStar’s earnings. As a result,
 SouthStar uses a variety of weather derivative instruments to mitigate the
 impact on its margins of warmer than normal weather in the winter months.
 However, these instruments do not full protect SouthStar’s earnings from the
 effects of unusually warm weather. 

 9

Table
 of Contents

Our
 business is subject to environmental regulation in all jurisdictions in which
 we
 operate, and our costs to comply are significant. Any changes in existing
 environmental regulation could negatively affect our results of operations
 and
 financial condition. 

Our
 operations and properties are subject to extensive environmental regulation
 pursuant to a variety of federal, state and municipal laws and regulations.
 Such
 environmental legislation imposes, among other things, restrictions, liabilities
 and obligations in connection with storage, transportation, treatment and
 disposal of hazardous substances and waste and in connection with spills,
 releases and emissions of various substances into the environment. Environmental
 legislation also requires that our facilities, sites and other properties
 associated with our operations be operated, maintained, abandoned and reclaimed
 to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Our current costs
 to
 comply with these laws and regulations are significant to our results of
 operations and financial condition. Failure to comply with these laws and
 regulations and failure to obtain any required permits and licenses may expose
 us to fines, penalties or interruptions in our operations that could be material
 to our results of operations. 

In
 addition, claims against us under environmental laws and regulations could
 result in material costs and liabilities. Existing environmental regulations
 could also be revised or reinterpreted, new laws and regulations could be
 adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities, and future changes in
 environmental laws and regulations could occur. With the trend toward stricter
 standards, greater regulation, more extensive permit requirements and an
 increase in the number and types of assets operated by us subject to
 environmental regulation, our environmental expenditures could increase in
 the
 future, particularly if those costs are not fully recoverable from our
 customers. Additionally, the discovery of presently unknown environmental
 conditions could give rise to expenditures and liabilities, including fines
 or
 penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
 of operations or financial condition.

We
 could incur additional material costs for the environmental condition of some
 of
 our assets, including former manufactured gas plants.

We
 are
 generally responsible for all on-site and certain off-site liabilities
 associated with the environmental condition of the natural gas assets that
 we
 have operated, acquired or developed, regardless of when the liabilities arose
 and whether they are or were known or unknown. In addition, in connection with
 certain acquisitions and sales of assets, we may obtain, or be required to
 provide, indemnification against certain environmental liabilities. Before
 natural gas was widely available, we manufactured gas from coal and other fuels.
 Those manufacturing operations were known as manufactured gas plants (MGP)
 which
 we ceased operating in the 1950s. 

We
 have
 identified ten sites in Georgia and three in Florida where we own all or part
 of
 an MGP site. We are required to investigate possible environmental contamination
 at those MGP sites and, if necessary, clean up any contamination. As of December
 31, 2006, the soil and sediment remediation program was complete for all Georgia
 sites, although groundwater cleanup continues. As of December 31, 2006,
 projected costs associated with the MGP sites were $27 million. For elements
 of
 the MGP program where we still cannot provide engineering cost estimates,
 considerable variability remains in future cost estimates.

In
 addition, we are associated with former sites in New Jersey, North Carolina
 and
 other states that we assumed with our acquisition of NUI Corporation (NUI)
 in
 November 2004. Material cleanups of these sites have not been completed nor
 are
 precise estimates available for future cleanup costs. For the New Jersey sites,
 cleanup cost estimates range from $60 million to $118 million. Costs have been
 estimated for only one of the non-New Jersey sites, for which current estimates
 range from $10 million to $17 million.

Our
 profitability may decline if the counterparties to Sequent’s asset management
 transactions fail to perform in accordance with Sequent’s
 agreements.

Sequent
 focuses on capturing the value from idle or underutilized energy assets,
 typically by executing transactions that balance the needs of various markets
 and time horizons. Sequent is exposed to the risk that counterparties to our
 transactions will not perform their obligations. Should the counterparties
 to
 these arrangements fail to perform, we might be forced to enter into alternative
 hedging arrangements, honor the underlying commitment at then-current market
 prices or return a significant portion of the consideration received for gas
 under a long-term contract. In such events, we might incur additional losses
 to
 the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to or received from counterparties.

 10

Table
 of Contents

We
 are exposed to market risk and may incur losses in wholesale services and retail
 energy operations.

The
 commodity, storage and transportation portfolios at Sequent and the commodity
 and storage portfolios at SouthStar consist of contracts to buy and sell natural
 gas commodities, including contracts that are settled by the delivery of the
 commodity or cash. If the values of these contracts change in a direction or
 manner that we do not anticipate, we could experience financial losses from
 our
 trading activities. Value at risk (VaR) is defined as the maximum potential
 loss
 in portfolio value over a specified time period that is not expected to be
 exceeded within a given degree of probability. Based on a 95% confidence
 interval and employing a 1-day holding period for all positions, Sequent’s and
 SouthStar’s portfolio of positions as of December 31, 2006 had a 1-day holding
 period VaR of $1 million and $0.1 million, respectively.

Our
 accounting results may not be indicative of the risks we are taking or the
 economic results we expect for wholesale services. 

Although
 Sequent enters into various contracts to hedge the value of our energy assets
 and operations, the timing of the recognition of profits or losses on the hedges
 does not always correspond to the profits or losses on the item being hedged.
 The difference in accounting can result in volatility in Sequent’s reported
 results, even though the expected profit margin is essentially unchanged from
 the date the transactions were consummated. 

Inflation
 and increased gas costs could adversely impact our ability to control operating
 expenses, increase our level of indebtedness and adversely impact our customer
 base. 

Inflation
 has caused increases in certain operating expenses which have required us to
 replace assets at higher costs. We attempt to control costs in part through
 implementation of best practices and business process improvements, many of
 which are facilitated through investments in information systems and technology.
 We have a process in place to continually review the adequacy of our utility
 gas
 rates in relation to the increasing cost of providing service and the inherent
 regulatory lag in adjusting those gas rates. Historically, we have been able
 to
 budget and control operating expenses and investments within the amounts
 authorized to be collected in rates, and we intend to continue to do so.
 However, any inability by us to reasonably control our expenses would adversely
 influence our future results. 

Rapid
 increases in the price of purchased gas cause us to experience a significant
 increase in short-term debt because we must pay suppliers for gas when it is
 purchased, which can be significantly in advance of when these costs may be
 recovered through the collection of monthly customer bills for gas delivered.
 Increases in purchased gas costs also slow our utility collection efforts as
 customers are more likely to delay the payment of their gas bills, leading
 to
 higher-than-normal accounts receivable. This situation results in higher
 short-term debt levels and increased bad debt expense. Should the price of
 purchased gas increase significantly during the upcoming heating season, we
 would expect increases in our short-term debt, accounts receivable and bad
 debt
 expense during 2007. 

Finally,
 higher costs of natural gas in recent years have already caused many of our
 utility customers to conserve in the use of our gas services and could lead
 to
 even more customers utilizing such conservation methods or switching to other
 more efficient competing products. The higher costs have also allowed
 competition from products utilizing alternative energy sources for applications
 that have traditionally used natural gas, encouraging some customers to move
 away from natural gas fired equipment to equipment fueled by other energy
 sources.

A
 decrease in the availability of adequate pipeline transportation capacity could
 reduce our revenues and profits. 

Our
 gas
 supply depends on the availability of adequate pipeline transportation and
 storage capacity. We purchase a substantial portion of our gas supply from
 interstate sources. Interstate pipeline companies transport the gas to our
 system. A decrease in interstate pipeline capacity available to us or an
 increase in competition for interstate pipeline transportation and storage
 service could reduce our normal interstate supply of gas. 

The
 cost of providing pension and postretirement health care benefits to eligible
 employees and qualified retirees is subject to changes in pension fund values
 and changing demographics and may have a material adverse effect on our
 financial results. 

We
 have a
 defined benefit pension plan for the benefit of substantially all full-time
 employees and qualified retirees. The cost of providing these benefits to
 eligible current and former employees is subject to changes in the market value
 of our pension fund assets and changing demographics, including longer life
 expectancy of beneficiaries and an expected increase in the number of eligible
 former employees over the next five years. 

Any
 sustained declines in equity markets and reductions in bond yields may have
 a
 material adverse effect on the value of our pension funds. In these
 circumstances, we may be required to recognize an increased pension expense
 or a
 charge to our statement of consolidated income to the extent that the pension
 fund values are less than the total anticipated liability under the plans.

 11

Table
 of Contents

Transporting
 and storing natural gas involves numerous risks that may result in accidents
 and
 other operating risks and costs. 

Our
 gas
 distribution activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating
 risks, such as leaks, accidents and mechanical problems, which could cause
 substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in loss
 of
 human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution and
 impairment of our operations, which in turn could lead to substantial losses
 to
 us. In accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance
 against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. The location of pipelines
 and storage facilities near populated areas, including residential areas,
 commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level
 of
 damages resulting from these risks. The occurrence of any of these events not
 fully covered by insurance could adversely affect our financial position and
 results of operations.

Natural
 disasters, terrorist activities and the potential for military and other actions
 could adversely affect our businesses.

Natural
 disasters may damage our assets. The threat of terrorism and the impact of
 retaliatory military and other action by the United States and its allies may
 lead to increased political, economic and financial market instability and
 volatility in the price of natural gas that could affect our operations. In
 addition, future acts of terrorism could be directed against companies operating
 in the United States, and companies in the energy industry may face a heightened
 risk of exposure to acts of terrorism. These developments have subjected our
 operations to increased risks. The insurance industry has also been disrupted
 by
 these events. As a result, the availability of insurance covering risks against
 which we and our competitors typically insure may be limited. In addition,
 the
 insurance we are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums
 and
 more restrictive policy terms.

Risks
 Related to Our Corporate and Financial Structure 

We
 depend on our ability to successfully access the capital and financial markets.
 Any inability to access the capital or financial markets may limit our ability
 to execute our business plan or pursue improvements that we may rely on for
 future growth.

We
 rely
 on access to both short-term money markets (in the form of commercial paper and
 lines of credit) and long-term capital markets as a source of liquidity for
 capital and operating requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from our
 operations. If we are not able to access financial markets at competitive rates,
 our ability to implement our business plan and strategy will be affected.
 Certain market disruptions may increase our cost of borrowing or affect our
 ability to access one or more financial markets. Such market disruptions could
 result from; 

 ·  

 adverse
 economic conditions

 ·  

 adverse
 general capital market conditions

 ·  

 poor
 performance and health of the utility industry in
 general

 ·  

 bankruptcy
 or financial distress of unrelated energy companies or
 Marketers

 ·  

 significant
 decrease in the demand for natural
 gas

 ·  

 adverse
 regulatory actions that affect our local gas distribution companies
 and
 our natural gas storage business

 ·  

 terrorist
 attacks on our facilities or our
 suppliers

 ·  

 extreme
 weather conditions

The
 use of derivative contracts in the normal course of our business could result
 in
 financial losses that negatively impact our results of
 operations.

We
 use
 derivatives, including futures, forwards and swaps, to manage our commodity
 and
 financial market risks. We could recognize financial losses on these contracts
 as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities
 or
 if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. In the absence of actively
 quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the
 valuation of these financial instruments can involve management’s judgment or
 use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use
 of
 alternative valuation methods could adversely affect the value of the reported
 fair value of these contracts. 

 12

Table
 of Contents

We
 are vulnerable to interest rate risk with respect to our debt, which could
 lead
 to changes in interest expense and adversely affect our earnings.

We
 are
 subject to interest rate risk in connection with the issuance of fixed-rate
 and
 variable-rate debt. In order to maintain our desired mix of fixed-rate and
 variable-rate debt, we use interest rate swap agreements and exchange fixed-rate
 and variable-rate interest payment obligations over the life of the
 arrangements, without exchange of the underlying principal amounts. See Item
 7A,
“Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” We cannot ensure
 that we will be successful in structuring such swap agreements to effectively
 manage our risks. If we are unable to do so, our earnings may be reduced. In
 addition, higher interest rates, all other things equal, reduce the earnings
 that we derive from transactions where we capture the difference between
 authorized returns and short-term borrowings. 

If
 we breach any of the financial covenants under our various credit facilities,
 our debt service obligations could be accelerated.

Our
 existing credit facility and the SouthStar line of credit contain financial
 covenants. If we breach any of the financial covenants under these agreements,
 our debt repayment obligations under them could be accelerated. In such event,
 we may not be able to refinance or repay all our indebtedness, which would
 result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
 and
 financial condition.

As
 a result of cross-default provisions in our borrowing arrangements, we may
 be
 unable to satisfy all our outstanding obligations in the event of a default
 on
 our part. 

Our
 credit agreement supporting our commercial paper program (Credit Facility)
 and
 our indentures under which our debt is issued contain cross-default provisions.
 Accordingly, should an event of default occur under some of our debt agreements,
 we face the prospect of being in default under other of our debt agreements,
 obliged in such instance to satisfy a large portion of our outstanding
 indebtedness and unable to satisfy all our outstanding obligations
 simultaneously. 

A
 downgrade in our credit rating could negatively affect our ability to access
 capital.

Standard
 & Poor’s Ratings Services (S&P), Moody’s Investor Service (Moody’s) and
 Fitch Ratings (Fitch) currently assign our senior unsecured debt a rating of
 BBB+, Baa1 and A-, respectively. Our commercial paper currently is rated A2,
 P2
 and F2 by S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, respectively. If the rating agencies
 downgrade our ratings, particularly below investment grade, it may significantly
 limit our access to the commercial paper market and our borrowing costs would
 increase. In addition, we would likely be required to pay a higher interest
 rate
 in future financings and our potential pool of investors and funding sources
 would likely decrease.

Additionally,
 if our credit rating by either S&P or Moody’s falls to non-investment grade
 status, we will be required to provide additional support for certain customers
 of our wholesale business. As of December 31, 2006, if our credit rating had
 fallen below investment grade, we would have been required to provide collateral
 of approximately $10 million to continue conducting our wholesale services
 business with certain counterparties.