CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain expectations and projections
regarding our future performance referenced in this report, in other materials
we file with the SEC or otherwise release to the public, and on our website are
forward-looking statements. Senior officers may also make verbal statements to
analysts, investors, regulators, the media and others that are forward-looking.
Forward-looking statements involve matters that are not historical facts, such
as statements in “Item 7, Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and elsewhere
regarding our future operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition,
economic performance (including growth and earnings), industry conditions and
demand for our products and services. We have tried, whenever possible, to
identify these statements by using words such as "anticipate," "assume,"
“believe,” "can," "could," "estimate," "expect," "forecast," "future," “goal,”
"indicate," "intend," "may," “outlook,” "plan," “potential,” "predict,"
"project,” "seek," "should," "target," "will," "would," and similar
expressions.

You are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements are
not guarantees of future performance and are based on currently available
competitive, financial and economic data along with our operating plans. While
we believe that our expectations for the future are reasonable in view of the
currently available information, our expectations are subject to future events,
risks and inherent uncertainties, as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions,
and there are numerous factors - many beyond our control - that could cause
results to differ significantly from our expectations. Such events, risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to those set forth below and in the
other documents that we file with the SEC. We note these factors for investors
as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. There also
may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this
report, generally because we do not perceive them to be material, which could
cause results to differ significantly from our expectations.

Forward-looking statements are only
as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update
these statements to reflect subsequent circumstances or events. You are advised,
however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our
Form 10-Q and Form 8-K reports to the SEC.

Risks Related to Our
Business

Risks related to the regulation of
our businesses could affect the rates we are able to charge, our costs and our
profitability.

Our
businesses are subject to regulation by federal, state and local regulatory
authorities. In particular, at the federal level our businesses are regulated by
the FERC. At the state level, our businesses are regulated by the Georgia
Commission, the Tennessee Commission, the New Jersey Commission, the Florida
Commission, the Virginia Commission and the Maryland Commission.

These
authorities regulate many aspects of our operations, including construction and
maintenance of facilities, operations, safety, rates that we charge customers,
rates of return, the authorized cost of capital, recovery of pipeline
replacement and environmental remediation costs, relationships with our
affiliates, and carrying costs we charge Marketers selling retail natural gas in
Georgia for gas held in storage for their customer accounts. Our ability to
obtain rate increases and rate supplements to maintain our current rates of
return and recover regulatory assets and liabilities recorded in accordance with
SFAS 71 depends on regulatory discretion, and there can be no assurance that we
will be able to obtain rate increases or rate supplements or continue receiving
our currently authorized rates of return including the recovery of our
regulatory assets and liabilities. In addition, if we fail to comply with
applicable regulations, we could be subject to fines, penalties or other
enforcement action by the authorities that regulate our operations, or otherwise
be subject to material costs and liabilities.

Deregulation
in the natural gas industry is the separation of the provision and pricing of
local distribution gas services into discrete components. Deregulation typically
focuses on the separation of the gas distribution business from the gas sales
business and is intended to cause the opening of the formerly regulated sales
business to alternative unregulated suppliers of gas sales
services.

In 1997,
the Georgia legislature enacted the Deregulation Act. To date, Georgia is the
only state in the nation that has fully deregulated gas distribution operations,
which ultimately resulted in Atlanta Gas Light exiting the retail natural gas
sales business while retaining its gas distribution operations. Marketers then
assumed the retail gas sales responsibility at deregulated prices. The
deregulation process required Atlanta Gas Light to completely reorganize its
operations and personnel at significant expense. It is possible that the
legislature could reverse or amend portions of the deregulation process and
require or permit Atlanta Gas Light to provide retail gas sales service once
again or require our retail energy operations segment, SouthStar, to change the
nature of how it provides natural gas and the rates used to charge certain
customers. In addition, the Georgia Commission has statutory authority on an
emergency basis to order Atlanta Gas Light to provide temporarily the same
retail gas service that it provided prior to deregulation. If any of these
events were to occur, we would incur costs to reverse the restructuring process
or potentially lose the earnings opportunity embedded within the current
marketing framework. Furthermore, the Georgia Commission has authority to change
the terms under which we charge Marketers for certain supply-related services,
which could also affect our future earnings.

 15

 Table of Contents

 Our business is subject to
environmental regulation in all jurisdictions in which we operate, and our costs
to comply are significant. Any changes in existing environmental regulation
could affect our results of operations and financial
condition.

 Our
operations and properties are subject to extensive environmental regulation
pursuant to a variety of federal, state and municipal laws and regulations. Such
environmental legislation imposes, among other things, restrictions, liabilities
and obligations in connection with storage, transportation, treatment and
disposal of hazardous substances and waste and in connection with spills,
releases and emissions of various substances into the environment. Environmental
legislation also requires that our facilities, sites and other properties
associated with our operations be operated, maintained, abandoned and reclaimed
to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Our current costs to
comply with these laws and regulations are significant to our results of
operations and financial condition. Failure to comply with these laws and
regulations and failure to obtain any required permits and licenses may expose
us to fines, penalties or interruptions in our operations that could be material
to our results of operations.

 In
addition, claims against us under environmental laws and regulations could
result in material costs and liabilities. Existing environmental regulations
could also be revised or reinterpreted, new laws and regulations could be
adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities, and future changes in
environmental laws and regulations could occur. With the trend toward stricter
standards, greater regulation, more extensive permit requirements and an
increase in the number and types of assets operated by us subject to
environmental regulation, our environmental expenditures could increase in the
future, particularly if those costs are not fully recoverable from our
customers. Additionally, the discovery of presently unknown environmental
conditions could give rise to expenditures and liabilities, including fines or
penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations or financial condition.

There are
a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to address greenhouse gas
emissions such as carbon dioxide, which are in various phases of discussion or
implementation. The outcome of federal and state actions to address global
climate change could result in a variety of regulatory programs including
potential new regulations, additional charges to fund energy efficiency
activities, or other regulatory actions. These actions could:

  result
 in increased costs associated with our operations,

  increase
 other costs to our business, 

  could
 affect the demand for natural gas and 

  impact
 the prices we charge our customers. 

Because
natural gas is a fossil fuel with low carbon content, it is possible that future
carbon constraints could create additional demand for natural gas, both for
production of electricity and direct use in homes and
businesses.

 Our infrastructure improvement and
customer growth may be restricted by the capital-intensive nature of our
business.

We must
construct additions to our natural gas distribution system to continue the
expansion of our customer base. We may also need to construct expansions of our
existing natural gas storage facilities or develop and construct new natural gas
storage facilities. The cost of this construction may be affected by the cost of
obtaining government and other approvals, development project delays, adequacy
of supply of diversified vendors, or unexpected changes in project costs.
Weather, general economic conditions and the cost of funds to finance our
capital projects can materially alter the cost, and projected construction
schedule and completion timeline of a project. Our cash flows may not be fully
adequate to finance the cost of this construction. As a result, we may be
required to fund a portion of our cash needs through borrowings or the issuance
of common stock, or both. For our distribution operations segment, this may
limit our ability to expand our infrastructure to connect new customers due to
limits on the amount we can economically invest, which shifts costs to potential
customers and may make it uneconomical for them to connect to our distribution
systems. For our natural gas storage business, this may significantly reduce our
earnings and return on investment from what would be expected for this business,
or may impair our ability to complete the expansions or development
projects.

 16

 Table of Contents

 Transporting and storing natural gas
involves numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks
and costs.

Our gas
distribution activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating
risks, such as leaks, accidents and mechanical problems, which could cause
substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in loss of
human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution and
impairment of our operations, which in turn could lead to substantial losses to
us. In accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance
against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. The location of pipelines
and storage facilities near populated areas, including residential areas,
commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of
damages resulting from these risks. The occurrence of any of these events not
fully covered by insurance could adversely affect our financial position and
results of operations.

 We face increasing competition, and
if we are unable to compete effectively, our revenues, operating results and
financial condition will be adversely affected and may limit our ability to grow
our business.

The
natural gas business is highly competitive, and we are facing increasing
competition from other companies that supply energy, including electric
companies, oil and propane providers and, in some cases, energy marketing and
trading companies. In particular, the success of our investment in SouthStar is
affected by the competition SouthStar faces from other energy marketers
providing retail natural gas services in the Southeast. Natural gas competes
with other forms of energy. The primary competitive factor is price. Changes in
the price or availability of natural gas relative to other forms of energy and
the ability of end-users to convert to alternative fuels affect the demand for
natural gas. In the case of commercial, industrial and agricultural customers,
adverse economic conditions, including higher gas costs, could also cause these
customers to bypass or disconnect from our systems in favor of special
competitive contracts with lower per-unit costs.

Our
wholesale services segment competes with national and regional full-service
energy providers, energy merchants and producers and pipelines for sales based
on our ability to aggregate competitively priced commodities with transportation
and storage capacity. Some of our competitors are larger and better capitalized
than we are and have more national and global exposure than we do. The
consolidation of this industry and the pricing to gain market share may affect
our operating margin. We expect this trend to continue in the near term, and the
increasing competition for asset management deals could result in downward
pressure on the volume of transactions and the related operating margin
available in this portion of Sequent’s business.

A significant portion of our accounts
receivable is subject to collection risks, due in part to a concentration of
credit risk in Georgia and at Sequent.

We have
accounts receivable collection risk in Georgia due to a concentration of credit
risk related to the provision of natural gas services to Marketers. At December
31, 2007, Atlanta Gas Light had 12 certificated and active Marketers in Georgia,
four of which (based on customer count and including SouthStar) accounted for
approximately 38% of our consolidated
operating margin for 2007. As a result, Atlanta Gas Light depends on a
concentrated number of customers for revenues. The failure of these Marketers to
pay Atlanta Gas Light could adversely affect Atlanta Gas Light’s business and
results of operations and expose it to difficulties in collecting Atlanta Gas
Light’s accounts receivable. The provisions of Atlanta Gas Light’s tariff allow
it to obtain security support in an amount equal to a minimum of two times a
Marketer’s highest month’s estimated bill. Additionally, SouthStar markets
directly to end-use customers and has periodically experienced credit losses as
a result of severe cold weather or high prices for natural gas that increase
customers’ bills and, consequently, impair customers’ ability to
pay.

Sequent
often extends credit to its counterparties. Despite performing credit analyses
prior to extending credit and seeking to effectuate netting agreements, Sequent
is exposed to the risk that it may not be able to collect amounts owed to it. If
the counterparty to such a transaction fails to perform and any collateral
Sequent has secured is inadequate, Sequent could experience material financial
losses. Further, Sequent has a concentration of credit risk, which could subject
a significant portion of its credit exposure to collection risks. Approximately
53% of Sequent’s credit exposure is concentrated in 20 counterparties. Although
most of this concentration is with counterparties that are either load-serving
utilities or end-use customers that have supplied some level of credit support,
default by any of these counterparties in their obligations to pay amounts due
Sequent could result in credit losses that would negatively impact our wholesale
services segment.

 17

 Table of Contents

 The asset management arrangements
between Sequent and our local distribution companies, and between Sequent and
its nonaffiliated customers, may not be renewed or may be renewed at lower
levels, which could have a significant impact on Sequent’s
business.

Sequent
currently manages the storage and transportation assets of our affiliates
Atlanta Gas Light, Chattanooga Gas, Elizabethtown Gas, Elkton Gas, Florida City
Gas, and Virginia Natural Gas and shares profits it earns from the management of
those assets with those customers and their respective customers, except at
Elizabethtown Gas and Elkton Gas where Sequent is assessed annual fixed-fees
payable in monthly installments. Additionally, for the newly extended Atlanta
Gas Light asset management agreement, Sequent will be required to make annual
minimum payments of approximately $4 million payable on a quarterly basis. Entry
into and renewal of these agreements are subject to regulatory approval and four
are subject to renewal in 2008. In addition, Sequent has asset management
agreements with certain nonaffiliated customers. Sequent’s results could be
significantly impacted if these agreements are not renewed or are amended or
renewed with less favorable terms.

 We are exposed to market risk and may
incur losses in wholesale services and retail energy
operations.

The
commodity, storage and transportation portfolios at Sequent and the commodity
and storage portfolios at SouthStar consist of contracts to buy and sell natural
gas commodities, including contracts that are settled by the delivery of the
commodity or cash. If the values of these contracts change in a direction or
manner that we do not anticipate, we could experience financial losses from our
trading activities. Based on a 95% confidence interval and employing a 1-day
holding period for all positions, Sequent’s and SouthStar’s portfolio of
positions as of December 31, 2007 had a 1-day holding period VaR of $1.2 million
and $0.03 million, respectively.

Our accounting results may not be
indicative of the risks we are taking or the economic results we expect for
wholesale services.

Although
Sequent enters into various contracts to hedge the value of our energy assets
and operations, the timing of the recognition of profits or losses on the hedges
does not always correspond to the profits or losses on the item being hedged.
The difference in accounting can result in volatility in Sequent’s reported
results, even though the expected operating margin is essentially unchanged from
the date the transactions were consummated.

Changes in weather conditions may
affect our earnings.

Weather
conditions and other natural phenomena can have a large impact on our earnings.
Severe weather conditions can impact our suppliers and the pipelines that
deliver gas to our distribution system. Extended mild weather, during either the
winter period or summer period, can have a significant impact on demand for and
cost of natural gas.

We have a
WNA mechanism for Elizabethtown Gas and Chattanooga Gas that partially offsets
the impact of unusually cold or warm weather on residential and commercial
customer billings and our operating margin. At Elizabethtown Gas we could be
required to return a portion of any WNA surcharge to its customers if
Elizabethtown Gas’ return on equity exceeds its authorized return on equity of
10%.

Additionally,
Virginia Natural Gas has a WNA mechanism for its residential customers that
partially offsets the impact of unusually cold or warm weather. In September
2007, the Virginia Commission approved Virginia Natural Gas’ application for an
Experimental Weather Normalization Adjustment Rider (the Rider) for its
commercial customers. The Rider applies to the 2007 and 2008 heating seasons,
with an opportunity for Virginia Natural Gas to extend the Rider for additional
years.

These WNA
regulatory mechanisms are most effective in a reasonable temperature range
relative to normal weather using historical averages. The protection afforded by
the WNA depends on continued regulatory approval. The loss of this continued
regulatory approval could make us more susceptible to weather-related earnings
fluctuations.

Changes
in weather conditions may also impact SouthStar’s earnings. As a result,
SouthStar uses a variety of weather derivative instruments to mitigate the
impact on its operating margin in the event of warmer than normal weather in the
winter months. However, these instruments do not fully protect SouthStar’s
earnings from the effects of unusually warm weather.

 A decrease in the availability of
adequate pipeline transportation capacity could reduce our revenues and
profits.

Our gas
supply depends on the availability of adequate pipeline transportation and
storage capacity. We purchase a substantial portion of our gas supply from
interstate sources. Interstate pipeline companies transport the gas to our
system. A decrease in interstate pipeline capacity available to us or an
increase in competition for interstate pipeline transportation and storage
service could reduce our normal interstate supply of gas.

 18

 Table of Contents

Our profitability may decline if the
counterparties to Sequent’s asset management transactions fail to perform in
accordance with Sequent’s agreements.

Sequent
focuses on capturing the value from idle or underutilized energy assets,
typically by executing transactions that balance the needs of various markets
and time horizons. Sequent is exposed to the risk that counterparties to our
transactions will not perform their obligations. Should the counterparties to
these arrangements fail to perform, we might be forced to enter into alternative
hedging arrangements, honor the underlying commitment at then-current market
prices or return a significant portion of the consideration received for gas. In
such events, we might incur additional losses to the extent of amounts, if any,
already paid to or received from counterparties.

We could incur additional material
costs for the environmental condition of some of our assets, including former
manufactured gas plants.

We are
generally responsible for all on-site and certain off-site liabilities
associated with the environmental condition of the natural gas assets that we
have operated, acquired or developed, regardless of when the liabilities arose
and whether they are or were known or unknown. In addition, in connection with
certain acquisitions and sales of assets, we may obtain, or be required to
provide, indemnification against certain environmental liabilities. Before
natural gas was widely available, we manufactured gas from coal and other fuels.
Those manufacturing operations were known as MGPs, which we ceased operating in
the 1950s.

We have
identified ten sites in Georgia and three in Florida where we own all or part of
an MGP site. We are required to investigate possible environmental contamination
at those MGP sites and, if necessary, clean up any contamination. As of December
31, 2006, the soil and sediment remediation program was complete for all Georgia
sites, although groundwater cleanup continues. As of December 31, 2007,
projected costs associated with the MGP sites associated with Atlanta Gas Light
were $35 million. For elements of the MGP program where we still cannot provide
engineering cost estimates, considerable variability remains in future cost
estimates.

In
addition, we are associated with former sites in New Jersey, North Carolina and
other states that we assumed with our acquisition of NUI in November 2004.
Material cleanups of these sites have not been completed nor are precise
estimates available for future cleanup costs and therefore considerable
variability remains in future cost estimates. For the New Jersey sites, cleanup
cost estimates range from $61 million to $119 million. Costs have been estimated
for only one of the non-New Jersey sites, for which current estimates range from
$11 million to $20 million.

 Inflation and increased gas costs
could adversely impact our ability to control operating expenses, increase our
level of indebtedness and adversely impact our customer
base.

Inflation
has caused increases in certain operating expenses that have required us to
replace assets at higher costs. We attempt to control costs in part through
implementation of best practices and business process improvements, many of
which are facilitated through investments in information systems and technology.
We have a process in place to continually review the adequacy of our utility gas
rates in relation to the increasing cost of providing service and the inherent
regulatory lag in adjusting those gas rates. Historically, we have been able to
budget and control operating expenses and investments within the amounts
authorized to be collected in rates, and we intend to continue to do so.
However, any inability by us to control our expenses in a reasonable manner
would adversely influence our future results.

Rapid
increases in the price of purchased gas cause us to experience a significant
increase in short-term debt because we must pay suppliers for gas when it is
purchased, which can be significantly in advance of when these costs may be
recovered through the collection of monthly customer bills for gas delivered.
Increases in purchased gas costs also slow our utility collection efforts as
customers are more likely to delay the payment of their gas bills, leading to
higher-than-normal accounts receivable. This situation results in higher
short-term debt levels and increased bad debt expense. Should the price of
purchased gas increase significantly during the upcoming heating season, we
would expect increases in our short-term debt, accounts receivable and bad debt
expense during 2008.

Finally,
higher costs of natural gas in recent years have already caused many of our
utility customers to conserve in the use of our gas services and could lead to
even more customers utilizing such conservation methods or switching to other
competing products. The higher costs have also allowed competition from products
utilizing alternative energy sources for applications that have traditionally
used natural gas, encouraging some customers to move away from natural gas fired
equipment to equipment fueled by other energy sources.

 19

 Table of Contents

The cost of providing pension and
postretirement health care benefits to eligible employees and qualified retirees
is subject to changes in pension fund values and changing demographics and may
have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

We have
defined benefit pension and postretirement health care benefit plans for the
benefit of substantially all full-time employees and qualified retirees. The
cost of providing these benefits to eligible current and former employees is
subject to changes in the market value of our pension fund assets, changing
demographics, including longer life expectancy of beneficiaries, changes in
health care cost trends, and an expected increase in the number of eligible
former employees over the next five years.

Any
sustained declines in equity markets and reductions in bond yields may have a
material adverse effect on the value of our pension funds. In these
circumstances, we may be required to recognize an increased pension expense or a
charge to our statement of consolidated income to the extent that the pension
fund values are less than the total anticipated liability under the
plans.

Natural disasters, terrorist
activities and the potential for military and other actions could adversely
affect our businesses.

Natural
disasters may damage our assets. The threat of terrorism and the impact of
retaliatory military and other action by the United States and its allies may
lead to increased political, economic and financial market instability and
volatility in the price of natural gas that could affect our operations. In
addition, future acts of terrorism could be directed against companies operating
in the United States, and companies in the energy industry may face a heightened
risk of exposure to acts of terrorism. These developments have subjected our
operations to increased risks. The insurance industry has also been disrupted by
these events. As a result, the availability of insurance covering risks against
which we and our competitors typically insure may be limited. In addition, the
insurance we are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and
more restrictive policy terms.

Risks Related to Our
Corporate and Financial Structure

We depend on our ability to
successfully access the capital and financial markets. Any inability to access
the capital or financial markets may limit our ability to execute our business
plan or pursue improvements that we may rely on for future
growth.

We rely
on access to both short-term money markets (in the form of commercial paper and
lines of credit) and long-term capital markets as a source of liquidity for
capital and operating requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from our
operations. If we are not able to access financial markets at competitive rates,
our ability to implement our business plan and strategy will be affected.
Certain market disruptions may increase our cost of borrowing or affect our
ability to access one or more financial markets. Such market disruptions could
result from:

 ·  

 adverse
 economic conditions

 ·  

 adverse
 general capital market conditions

 ·  

 poor
 performance and health of the utility industry in
 general

 ·  

 bankruptcy
 or financial distress of unrelated energy companies or
 Marketers

 ·  

 significant
 decrease in the demand for natural
gas

 ·  

 adverse
 regulatory actions that affect our local gas distribution companies and
 our natural gas storage business

 ·  

 terrorist
 attacks on our facilities or our
suppliers

 ·  

 extreme
 weather conditions

 If we breach any of the financial
covenants under our various credit facilities, our debt service obligations
could be accelerated.

Our
existing Credit Facility and the SouthStar line of credit contain financial
covenants. If we breach any of the financial covenants under these agreements,
our debt repayment obligations under them could be accelerated. In such event,
we may not be able to refinance or repay all our indebtedness, which would
result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

 A downgrade in our credit rating
could negatively affect our ability to access capital.

Our
senior unsecured debt is currently assigned a rating of BBB+ by S&P,
Baa1 by Moody's and A- by Fitch. Our commercial paper currently is rated A2
by S&P, P2 by Moody's and F2 by Fitch, respectively. If the rating
agencies downgrade our ratings, particularly below investment grade, it may
significantly limit our access to the commercial paper market and our borrowing
costs would increase. In addition, we would likely be required to pay a higher
interest rate in future financings and our potential pool of investors and
funding sources would likely decrease.

 20

 Table of Contents

 Additionally,
if our credit rating by either S&P or Moody’s falls to non-investment grade
status, we will be required to provide additional support for certain customers
of our wholesale business. As of December 31, 2007, if our credit rating had
fallen below investment grade, we would have been required to provide collateral
of approximately $26 million to continue conducting our wholesale services
business with certain counterparties.

We are vulnerable to interest rate
risk with respect to our debt, which could lead to changes in interest expense
and adversely affect our earnings.

We are
subject to interest rate risk in connection with the issuance of fixed-rate and
variable-rate debt. In order to maintain our desired mix of fixed-rate and
variable-rate debt, we use interest rate swap agreements and exchange fixed-rate
and variable-rate interest payment obligations over the life of the
arrangements, without exchange of the underlying principal amounts. See Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.” We cannot ensure that we will be successful in structuring such swap
agreements to manage our risks effectively. If we are unable to do so, our
earnings may be reduced. In addition, higher interest rates, all other things
equal, reduce the earnings that we derive from transactions where we capture the
difference between authorized returns and short-term borrowings.

We are a holding company and are
dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries, which may not be available in the
amounts and at the times we need.

A portion
of our outstanding debt was issued by our wholly-owned subsidiary, AGL Capital,
which we fully and unconditionally guarantee. Since we are a holding company and
have no operations separate from our investment in our subsidiaries, we are
dependent on cash in the form of dividends or other distributions from our
subsidiaries to meet our cash requirements. The ability of our subsidiaries to
pay dividends and make other distributions is subject to applicable state law.
Refer to Item 5 “Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” for
additional dividend restriction information.

 The use of derivative contracts in
the normal course of our business could result in financial losses that
negatively impact our results of operations.

We use
derivatives, including futures, forwards and swaps, to manage our commodity and
financial market risks. We could recognize financial losses on these contracts
as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities or
if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. In the absence of actively
quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the
valuation of these financial instruments can involve management’s judgment or
use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of
alternative valuation methods could adversely affect the value of the reported
fair value of these contracts.

 As a result of cross-default
provisions in our borrowing arrangements, we may be unable to satisfy all our
outstanding obligations in the event of a default on our
part.

Our
Credit Facility under which our debt is issued contains cross-default
provisions. Accordingly, should an event of default occur under some of our debt
agreements, we face the prospect of being in default under other of our debt
agreements, obliged in such instance to satisfy a large portion of our
outstanding indebtedness and unable to satisfy all our outstanding obligations
simultaneously.