Risks Related to Our Business

Risks related to the regulation of our businesses could affect the rates we are able to charge, our costs and our profitability.

Our businesses are subject to regulation by federal, state and local regulatory authorities. In particular, at the federal level our businesses are regulated by the FERC. At the state level, our businesses are regulated by regulatory authorities in Illinois, Georgia, Virginia, New Jersey, Florida, Tennessee and Maryland.

These authorities regulate many aspects of our operations, including construction and maintenance of facilities, operations, safety, rates that we charge customers, rates of return, the authorized cost of capital, recovery of costs associated with our regulatory infrastructure projects, including our pipeline replacement program and environmental remediation activities, relationships with our affiliates, and carrying costs we charge Marketers selling retail natural gas in Georgia for gas held in storage for their customer accounts. Our ability to obtain rate increases and rate supplements to maintain our current rates of return and recover regulatory assets and liabilities recorded in accordance with authoritative guidance related to regulated operations depends on regulatory discretion, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain rate increases or rate supplements or continue receiving our currently authorized rates of return including the recovery of our regulatory assets and liabilities.

In 2011, Illinois enacted laws that required Nicor Gas and other large gas utilities in Illinois to elect either to file rate cases with the Illinois Commission in 2012, 2014 and 2016 or sign contracts to purchase SNG to be produced from two coal gasification plants proposed to be constructed in Illinois. On September 30, 2011, Nicor Gas signed an agreement to purchase approximately 25 Bcf of SNG annually from one of the proposed facilities for a 10-year term beginning as early as 2015. For additional information on the substitute natural gas plant legislation. See Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” - “Contractual Obligations and Commitments”

17

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 introduced a comprehensive new regulatory framework for swaps and security-based swaps. Although the SEC and other regulators are still in the process of adopting rules to implement the new framework, it is possible that Sequent, or other aspects of AGL Resources’ operations, could be subject to the new regulations, depending on the ultimate definitions of key terms in the Dodd-Frank Act such as “swap,” “swap dealer” and “major swap participant.” This may require increased use of working capital for Nicor Gas, SouthStar and Sequent if the regulations increase our collateral requirements related to derivatives utilized to manage risk in these businesses.

We could incur significant compliance costs if we must adjust to new regulations. In addition, as the regulatory environment for our industry increases in complexity, the risk of inadvertent noncompliance could also increase. If we fail to comply with applicable regulations, whether existing or new ones, we could be subject to fines, penalties or other enforcement action by the authorities that regulate our operations, or otherwise be subject to material costs and liabilities.

Our business is subject to environmental regulation in all jurisdictions in which we operate, and our costs to comply are significant. Any changes in existing environmental regulation could affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our operations and properties are subject to extensive environmental regulation pursuant to a variety of federal, state and municipal laws and regulations. Such environmental legislation imposes, among other things, restrictions, liabilities and obligations associated with storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous substances and waste and in connection with spills, releases and emissions of various substances into the environment. Environmental legislation also requires that our facilities, sites and other properties associated with our operations be operated, maintained, abandoned and reclaimed to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities. Our current costs to comply with these laws and regulations are significant to our results of operations and financial condition. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations and failure to obtain any required permits and licenses may expose us to fines, penalties or interruptions in our operations that could be material to our results of operations.

In addition, claims against us under environmental laws and regulations could result in material costs and liabilities. Existing environmental regulations could also be revised or reinterpreted, new laws and regulations could be adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities, and future changes in environmental laws and regulations could occur. With the trend toward stricter standards, greater regulation, more extensive permit requirements and an increase in the number and types of assets operated by us subject to environmental regulation, our environmental expenditures could increase in the future, particularly if those costs are not fully recoverable from our customers. Additionally, the discovery of presently unknown environmental conditions could give rise to expenditures and liabilities, including fines or penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our infrastructure improvement and customer growth may be restricted by the capital-intensive nature of our business.

We must construct additions and replacements to our natural gas distribution systems to continue the expansion of our customer base and improve system reliability, especially during peak usage. We may also need to construct expansions of our existing natural gas storage facilities or develop and construct new natural gas storage facilities. The cost of this construction may be affected by the cost of obtaining government and other approvals, development project delays, adequacy of supply of diversified vendors, or unexpected changes in project costs. Weather, general economic conditions and the cost of funds to finance our capital projects can materially alter the cost, and projected construction schedule and completion timeline of a project. Our cash flows may not be fully adequate to finance the cost of this construction. As a result, we may be required to fund a portion of our cash needs through borrowings or the issuance of common stock, or both. For our distribution operations segment, this may limit our ability to expand our infrastructure to connect new customers due to limits on the amount we can economically invest, which shifts costs to potential customers and may make it uneconomical for them to connect to our distribution systems. For our natural gas storage business, this may significantly reduce our earnings and return on investment from what would be expected for this business, or may impair our ability to complete the expansions or development projects.

We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change.

Climate change is receiving ever increasing attention from scientists and legislators alike. The debate is ongoing as to the extent to which our climate is changing, the potential causes of this change and its potential impacts. Some attribute global warming to increased levels of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions.

18

Presently there are no federally mandated greenhouse gas reduction requirements in the United States. However, there are a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to address greenhouse gas emissions, which are in various phases of discussion or implementation. The outcome of federal and state actions to address global climate change could result in a variety of regulatory programs including potential new regulations, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, or other regulatory actions. These actions could:

·  

result in increased costs associated with our operations

·  

increase other costs to our business

·  

affect the demand for natural gas, and

·  

impact the prices we charge our customers.

Because natural gas is a fossil fuel with low carbon content, it is possible that future carbon constraints could create additional demand for natural gas, both for production of electricity and direct use in homes and businesses.

Any adoption by federal or state governments mandating a substantial reduction in greenhouse gas emissions could have far-reaching and significant impacts on the energy industry. We cannot predict the potential impact of such laws or regulations on our future consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Transporting and storing natural gas involves numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.

Our gas distribution and storage activities involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, accidents, including third party damages, and mechanical problems, which could cause substantial financial losses. In addition, these risks could result in serious injury to employees and non-employees, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution and impairment of our operations, which in turn could lead to substantial losses to us. In accordance with customary industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. The location of pipelines and storage facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. The occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.

We face increasing competition, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our revenues, operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected which may limit our ability to grow our business.

The natural gas business is highly competitive, increasingly complex, and we are facing increasing competition from other companies that supply energy, including electric companies, oil and propane providers and, in some cases, energy marketing and trading companies. In particular, the success of our retail businesses is affected by the competition from other energy marketers providing retail natural gas services in our service territories, most notably Illinois and Georgia. Natural gas competes with other forms of energy. The primary competitive factor is price. Changes in the price or availability of natural gas relative to other forms of energy and the ability of end-users to convert to alternative fuels affect the demand for natural gas. In the case of commercial, industrial and agricultural customers, adverse economic conditions, including higher gas costs, could also cause these customers to bypass or disconnect from our systems in favor of special competitive contracts with lower per-unit costs.

Retail energy markets fixed-price contracts that protect customers against higher natural gas prices, or protect customers against both higher natural gas prices and colder weather. The sale of these fixed-price contracts may be adversely affected if natural gas prices are, or are perceived to be, low and stable.

Our retail services business faces risks in the form of price, convenience, and service competition from other warranty and HVAC companies. Retail services also bears risk from potential changes in the regulatory environment, and in fact regulatory-change risk was incurred in late 2011. As a condition of the merger, Nicor Gas is no longer permitted to use its call center personnel to solicit its affiliates’ products, most notably the warranty products offered by Nicor Services.

Our wholesale services segment competes with national and regional full-service energy providers, energy merchants and producers and pipelines for sales based on our ability to aggregate competitively priced commodities with transportation and storage capacity. Some of our competitors are larger and better capitalized than we are and have more national and global exposure than we do. The consolidation of this industry and the pricing to gain market share may affect our operating margin. We expect this trend to continue in the near term, and the increasing competition for asset management deals could result in downward pressure on the volume of transactions and the related operating margin available in this portion of Sequent’s business.

Our midstream operations segment competes with natural gas facilities in the Gulf Coast region of the United States as the majority of the existing and proposed high deliverability salt-dome natural gas storage facilities in North America are located in the Gulf Coast region. Competition for our Central Valley storage facility in Northern California, will primarily consist of storage facilities in Northern California and western North America. Storage values have declined over the past two years due to low gas prices and low volatility and we expect this to continue in 2012.

19

Our cargo shipping segment competes with international maritime companies. The current expansion of the Panama Canal, which is expected to be completed in 2014, may lead to increased competition as larger vessels may gain access to the Caribbean. In addition, the growing development of the global logistic environment has moved away from port-to-port operations to the combined transport supply chain of various combinations of road, rail, sea and inland waterways. Globally, this has resulted in the need to improve ship productivity, sometimes via third party ship management, development of hub and spoke systems, larger ships, faster ship turnaround time and increased use of technology. Primarily as a result of the current economic downturn there is increased pricing pressure and decreased shipping volumes for the islands that Tropical Shipping currently serves. Over the past several years Tropical Shipping has maintained an average market share of approximately 40% for the ports it serves. However, increased competition may affect our volumes, market share, pricing structure and operating margin. Tropical Shipping does not have fuel contracts, but reduces its fuel price risk through fuel surcharges. Tropical Shipping has five primary competitors that serve the same major areas, some of which are larger and better capitalized than we are and have more global exposure than we do.

Changes or downturns in the economy could adversely affect our customers and negatively impact our financial results.

The slowdown in the United States economy, along with increased mortgage defaults, and significant decreases in new home construction, home values and investment assets, has adversely impacted the financial well-being of many households in the United States. We cannot predict if the administrative and legislative actions to address this situation will be successful in reducing the severity or duration of this downturn. As a result, our customers may use less gas in future Heating Seasons and it may become more difficult for them to pay their natural gas bills. This may slow collections and lead to higher than normal levels of accounts receivables, bad debt and financing requirements.

Tropical Shipping’s business consists primarily of the shipment of building materials, food and other necessities from the United States and Canada to developers, distributors and residents in the Bahamas and the Caribbean region, as well as tourist-related shipments intended for use in hotels and resorts, and on cruise ships. As a result, Tropical Shipping’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition can be significantly affected by adverse general economic conditions in the United States, Bahamas, Caribbean region and Canada. Also, a shift in buying patterns that results in such goods being sourced directly from other parts of the world, including China and India, rather than the United States and Canada, could significantly affect Tropical Shipping’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

An adverse decision in the proceeding concerning Nicor Gas’ PBR plan could result in an obligation to credit additional amounts to customers which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

On January 1, 2000, Nicor Gas instituted a PBR plan for natural gas costs. Under the PBR plan, Nicor Gas’ total gas supply costs were compared to a market-sensitive benchmark. Savings and losses relative to the benchmark were determined annually and shared equally with sales customers. There are allegations that Nicor Gas acted improperly in connection with the PBR plan, and the Illinois Commission is reviewing these allegations in a pending proceeding. In October 2011, rebuttal testimony was submitted requesting refunds of $85 million by Staff of the Illinois Commission, $255 million by the Illinois Attorney General’s Office and $305 million by the Citizens Utility Board. An adverse decision in this proceeding could result in a credit to ratepayers or other obligations which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

In February 2012, we committed to a stipulated resolution of certain issues with the staff of the Illinois Commission, which includes crediting Nicor Gas customers $64 million, but does not constitute an admission of fault. The stipulated resolution is subject to review and approval by the Illinois Commission. The Citizens Utility Board and the Illinois Attorney General's Office are not parties to this stipulated resolution and continue to pursue their claims in this proceeding. Evidentiary hearings on this matter are scheduled to begin on February 28, 2012. We do not expect the stipulated resolution to affect our 2011 or 2012 Consolidated Statements of Income, as the $64 million proposed credit is consistent with the estimated liability we recorded for this matter as part of our accounting for the merger with Nicor. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8 herein, for additional information regarding the PBR plan.

20

A significant portion of our accounts receivable is subject to collection risks, due in part to a concentration of credit risk at Nicor Gas in Illinois, Atlanta Gas Light and SouthStar in Georgia and at Sequent.

Nicor Gas and Sequent often extend credit to their counterparties. Despite performing credit analyses prior to extending credit and seeking to effectuate netting agreements, Nicor Gas and Sequent are exposed to the risk that they may not be able to collect amounts owed to them. If the counterparty to such a transaction fails to perform and any collateral Nicor Gas or Sequent has secured is inadequate, they could experience material financial losses.

Further, Sequent has a concentration of credit risk, which could subject a significant portion of its credit exposure to collection risks. Approximately 60% of Sequent’s credit exposure is concentrated in its top 20 counterparties. Most of this concentration is with counterparties that are either load-serving utilities or end-use customers that have supplied some level of credit support. Default by any of these counterparties in their obligations to pay amounts due Sequent could result in credit losses that would negatively impact our wholesale services segment.

We have accounts receivable collection risks in Georgia due to a concentration of credit risks related to the provision of natural gas services to Marketers. At December 31, 2011, Atlanta Gas Light provided services to eleven certificated and active Marketers in Georgia, four of which (based on customer count and including SouthStar) accounted for approximately 30% of our consolidated operating margin for 2011. As a result, Atlanta Gas Light depends on a concentrated number of customers for revenues. The provisions of Atlanta Gas Light’s tariff allow it to obtain security support in an amount equal to no less than two times a Marketer’s highest month’s estimated bill in the form of cash deposits, letters of credit, surety bonds or guaranties. The failure of these Marketers to pay Atlanta Gas Light could adversely affect Atlanta Gas Light’s business and results of operations and expose it to difficulties in collecting Atlanta Gas Light’s accounts receivable. AGL Resources provides a guarantee to Atlanta Gas Light as security support for SouthStar. Additionally, SouthStar markets directly to end-use customers and has periodically experienced credit losses as a result of severe cold weather or high prices for natural gas that increase customers’ bills and, consequently, impair customers’ ability to pay.

The asset management arrangements between Sequent and our local distribution companies, and between Sequent and its nonaffiliated customers, may not be renewed or may be renewed at lower levels, which could have a significant impact on Sequent’s business.

Sequent currently manages the storage and transportation assets of our affiliates Atlanta Gas Light, Virginia Natural Gas, Elizabethtown Gas, Florida City Gas, Chattanooga Gas, and Elkton Gas and shares profits it earns from the management of those assets with those customers and their respective customers, with the exception of Chattanooga Gas and Elkton Gas where Sequent is assessed annual fixed-fees. Entry into and renewal of these agreements are subject to regulatory approval. The agreement for Atlanta Gas Light is subject to renewal in March 2012. Additionally, the agreement with Florida City Gas expires in March 2013 and the agreements with Chattanooga Gas and Elizabethtown Gas expire in March 2014.

Sequent also has asset management agreements with certain nonaffiliated customers. Sequent’s results could be significantly impacted if these agreements are not renewed or are amended or renewed with less favorable terms.

We are exposed to market risk and may incur losses in wholesale services, midstream operations and retail operations.

The commodity, storage and transportation portfolios at Sequent and the commodity and storage portfolios at midstream operations and SouthStar consist of contracts to buy and sell natural gas commodities, including contracts that are settled by the delivery of the commodity or cash. If the values of these contracts change in a direction or manner that we do not anticipate, we could experience financial losses from our trading activities. Based on a 95% confidence interval and employing a 1-day holding period for all positions, our portfolio of positions as of December 31, 2011 had a VaR of $2.2 million at wholesale services and less than $0.1 million at retail operations.

Our accounting results may not be indicative of the risks we are taking or the economic results we expect for wholesale services.

Although Sequent enters into various contracts to hedge the value of our energy assets and operations, the timing of the recognition of profits or losses on the hedges does not always correspond to the profits or losses on the item being hedged. The difference in accounting can result in volatility in Sequent’s reported results, even though the expected operating margin is essentially unchanged from the date the transactions were initiated.

Changes in weather conditions may affect our earnings.

Weather conditions and other natural phenomena can have a large impact on our earnings. Severe weather conditions can impact our suppliers and the pipelines that deliver gas to our distribution system. Extended mild weather, during either the winter or summer period, can have a significant impact on demand for and cost of natural gas.

At Nicor Gas approximately 50% of all usage is for space heating and 75% of the usage and revenues occur from October through March. Fluctuations in weather have the potential to significantly impact year-to-year comparisons of operating income and cash flow. We estimate that a 100 degree-day variation from normal weather impacts Nicor Gas’ margin, net of income taxes, by approximately $1 million under its current rate structure.

We have a WNA mechanism for Virginia Natural Gas, Elizabethtown Gas and Chattanooga Gas that partially offsets the impact of unusually cold or warm weather on residential and commercial customer billings and our operating margin. At Elizabethtown Gas we could be required to return a portion of any WNA surcharge to its customers if Elizabethtown Gas’ return on equity exceeds its authorized return on equity of 10.3%.

21

These WNA regulatory mechanisms are most effective in a reasonable temperature range relative to normal weather using historical averages. The protection afforded by the WNA depends on continued regulatory approval. The loss of this continued regulatory approval could make us more susceptible to weather-related earnings fluctuations.

Changes in weather conditions may also impact SouthStar’s earnings. As a result, SouthStar uses a variety of weather derivative instruments to stabilize the impact on its operating margin in the event of warmer or colder than normal weather in the winter months. However, these instruments do not fully protect SouthStar’s earnings from the effects of unusually warm or cold weather.

Wholesale services’ earnings are impacted by changes in weather conditions as weather impacts the demand for natural gas and volatility in the natural gas market. The volatility of natural gas commodity prices has a significant impact on our customer rates, our long-term competitive position against other energy sources and the ability of our wholesale services segment to capture value from location and seasonal spreads. The volatility of natural gas prices has been significantly lower than it has been for several prior years in part due to mild hurricane seasons and mild summer and winter weather. Through the acquisition of natural gas and hedging of natural gas prices, wholesale services reduce the risk to its results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Tropical Shipping’s operations are affected by weather conditions in Florida, Canada, the Bahamas and Caribbean regions. During hurricane season in the summer and fall, Tropical Shipping may be subject to revenue loss, higher operating expenses, business interruptions, delays, and ship, equipment and facilities damage which could adversely affect Tropical Shipping’s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Nicor Solutions and Nicor Advanced Energy offer utility-bill management products that mitigate and/or eliminate the risks to customers of variations in weather and we hedge this risk to reduce any adverse affect to our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

A decrease in the availability of adequate pipeline transportation capacity could reduce our revenues and profits.

Our gas supply, for our distribution operations, retail operations, wholesale services and midstream operations segments, depends on the availability of adequate pipeline transportation and storage capacity. We purchase a substantial portion of our gas supply from interstate sources. Interstate pipeline companies transport the gas to our system. A decrease in interstate pipeline capacity available to us or an increase in competition for interstate pipeline transportation and storage service could reduce our normal interstate supply of gas.

Our profitability may decline if the counterparties to Sequent’s asset management transactions fail to perform in accordance with Sequent’s agreements.

Sequent focuses on capturing the value from idle or underutilized energy assets, typically by executing transactions that balance the needs of various markets and time horizons. Sequent is exposed to the risk that counterparties to our transactions will not perform their obligations. Should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative hedging arrangements, honor the underlying commitment at then-current market prices or return a significant portion of the consideration received for gas. In such events, we may incur additional losses to the extent of amounts, if any, already paid to or received from counterparties.

We could incur additional material costs for the environmental condition of some of our assets, including former manufactured gas plants.

We are generally responsible for all on-site and certain off-site liabilities associated with the environmental condition of the natural gas assets that we have operated, acquired or developed, regardless of when the liabilities arose and whether they are or were known or unknown. In addition, in connection with certain acquisitions and sales of assets, we may obtain, or be required to provide, indemnification against certain environmental liabilities. Before natural gas was widely available, we manufactured gas from coal and other fuels. Those manufacturing operations were known as MGPs, which we ceased operating in the 1950s.

We have confirmed eleven sites in Georgia and three in Florida where Atlanta Gas Light, or its predecessors, own all or part of an MGP site. We are required to investigate possible environmental contamination at those MGP sites and, if necessary, cleanup any contamination. As of December 31, 2011, the soil and sediment remediation program was substantially complete for all Georgia sites, except for a few remaining areas of recently discovered impact, although groundwater cleanup continues. As of December 31, 2011, projected costs associated with the MGP sites associated with Atlanta Gas Light range from $42 million to $98 million. For elements of the MGP program where we still cannot provide engineering cost estimates, considerable variability remains in future cost estimates.

We have identified 26 sites in Illinois for which we may have some responsibility. Nicor Gas and Commonwealth Edison Company are parties to an agreement to cooperate in cleaning up residue at many of these sites. The agreement allocates to Nicor Gas 51.73% of cleanup costs for 23 sites, no portion of the cleanup costs for 14 other sites and 50% of general remediation program costs that do not relate exclusively to particular sites. In addition to the agreement with Commonwealth Edison Company there are 3 sites in which we have sole responsibility. Information regarding preliminary site reviews has been presented to the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency for certain sites.  The results of the detailed site-by-site investigations will determine the extent additional remediation is necessary and provide a basis for estimating additional future costs. Our ERC liabilities are customarily reported estimates of future remediation costs for our former operating sites that are contaminated based on our probabilistic models of potential costs and on an undiscounted basis.  However, we have not performed these probabilistic models for all of our sites. Based on the estimates we have performed the Illinois sites cleanup cost estimates range from $134 to $216 million. In accordance with Illinois Commission authorization, we have been recovering, and expect to continue to recover, these costs from our customers, subject to annual prudence reviews.

22

In addition, we are associated with former sites in New Jersey and North Carolina. Material cleanups of these sites have not been completed nor are precise estimates available for future cleanup costs and therefore considerable variability remains in future cost estimates. For the New Jersey sites, cleanup cost estimates range from $124 million to $174 million. Costs have been estimated for one site in North Carolina and range from $10 million to $16 million.

Inflation and increased gas costs could adversely impact our ability to control operating expenses and costs, increase our level of indebtedness and adversely impact our customer base.

Inflation has caused increases in certain operating costs. We attempt to control costs in part through implementation of best practices and business process improvements, many of which are facilitated through investments in information systems and technology. We have a process in place to continually review the adequacy of our utility gas rates in relation to the increasing cost of providing service and the inherent regulatory lag in adjusting those gas rates. Historically, we have been able to control operating expenses and investments within the amounts authorized to be collected in rates, and we intend to continue to do so. However, any inability by us to control our expenses in a reasonable manner would adversely influence our future results.

Rapid increases in the price of purchased gas cause us to experience a significant increase in short-term debt because we must pay suppliers for gas when it is purchased, which can be significantly in advance of when these costs may be recovered through the collection of monthly customer bills for gas delivered. Increases in purchased gas costs also slow our utility collection efforts as customers are more likely to delay the payment of their gas bills, leading to higher-than-normal accounts receivable. This situation results in higher short-term debt levels and increased bad debt expense. Should the price of purchased gas increase significantly during the upcoming Heating Season, we would expect increases in our short-term debt, accounts receivable and bad debt expense during 2012.

Finally, higher costs of natural gas can cause our utility customers to conserve their use of our gas services or switch to other competing products. Higher natural gas costs may increase competition from products utilizing alternative energy sources for applications that have traditionally used natural gas, encouraging some customers to move away from natural gas fired equipment to equipment fueled by other energy sources. However, natural gas prices are expected to remain low and may continue to be lower than they have been historically as a result of a robust natural gas supply, the weak economy and ample storage.

The cost of providing retirement plan benefits to eligible employees and qualified retirees is subject to changes in pension fund values and changes in liabilities as a result of updated demographics and assumptions. These changes may have a material adverse effect on our financial results.

Nicor Gas maintains a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan for substantially all of its employees hired prior to 1998 and a retiree health care plan for the benefit of substantially all of its employees (Nicor Gas retirees make contributions to their health care plan. AGL Resources maintains a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan and retiree health care plan for its pre-Nicor merger full-time employees and qualified retirees. Further note that the AGL retiree health care plan only includes medical coverage for eligible AGL Resources employees who were employed as of June 30, 2002, if they reach retirement age while working for us; additionally the pre-65 retirees make contributions to their health care plan. Effective January 1, 2012, the AGL Retirement Plan was frozen with respect to participation for non-union employees hired on or after that date. Such employees will be entitled to employer provided benefits under their defined contribution plan, that exceed defined contribution benefits for employees who participate in the defined benefit plan. The cost of providing these benefits to eligible current and former employees is subject to changes in the market value of our pension fund assets, changing demographics and assumptions, including longer life expectancy of beneficiaries and changes in health care cost trends.

Any sustained declines in equity markets and reductions in bond yields may have a material adverse effect on the value of our pension funds. In these circumstances, we may be required to recognize an increased pension expense or a charge to our other comprehensive income to the extent that the pension fund values are less than the total anticipated liability under the plans. Market declines in the second half of 2008 resulted in significant losses in the value of our pension fund assets. Although the market made a recovery in 2009 and 2010 our pension fund assets are not at the levels they were prior to the market decline in 2008. As a result, based on the current funding status of the AGL plans, we would be required to make a minimum contribution to these plans of approximately $36 million in 2012. We may make additional contributions in 2012 in order to preserve the current level of benefits under the plans and in accordance with the funding requirements of The Pension Protection Act of 2006 (Pension Protection Act). As of December 31, 2011 our pension plans assets represented 78% of our total pension plan obligations.

For more information regarding some of these obligations, see Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" under the caption "Contractual Obligations and Commitments" 
and the subheading “Retirement Plan Obligations” 
and Note 
6 to the consolidated financial statements under Item 8 herein.

23

Natural disasters, terrorist activities and the potential for military and other actions could adversely affect our businesses.

Natural disasters may damage our assets. The threat of terrorism and the impact of retaliatory military and other action by the United States and its allies may lead to increased political, economic and financial market instability and volatility in the price of natural gas that could affect our operations. In addition, future acts of terrorism could be directed against companies operating in the United States, and companies in the energy industry may face a heightened risk of exposure to acts of terrorism. These developments have subjected our operations to increased risks. The insurance industry has also been disrupted by these events. As a result, the availability of insurance covering risks against which we and our competitors typically insure may be limited. In addition, the insurance we are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms.

Changes in the laws and regulations regarding the sale and marketing of products and services offered by our retail operations segment could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Our retail operations segment provides various energy-related products and services. These include sales of natural gas and utility-bill management services to residential and small commercial customers, the sale, repair, maintenance and warranty of heating, air conditioning and indoor air quality equipment. The sale and marketing of these products and services are subject to various state and federal laws and regulations. Changes in these laws and regulations could impose additional costs on or restrict or prohibit certain activities, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

In 1997, Georgia enacted legislation allowing deregulation of gas distribution operations. To date, Georgia is the only state in the nation that has fully deregulated gas distribution operations, which ultimately resulted in Atlanta Gas Light exiting the retail natural gas sales business while retaining its gas distribution operations. Marketers, including our majority-owned subsidiary, SouthStar, then assumed the retail gas sales responsibility at deregulated prices. The deregulation process required Atlanta Gas Light to completely reorganize its operations and personnel at significant expense. We are not aware of any movement to do so, but it is possible that the legislature could reverse or amend portions of the deregulation process.

Changes in the laws and regulations regarding maritime activities offered by our cargo shipping segment could adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Tropical Shipping is subject to the International Ship and Port-facility Security Code and is also subject to the United States Maritime Transportation Security Act, both of which require extensive security assessments, plans and procedures. Tropical Shipping is also subject to the regulations of the Federal Maritime Commission, the Surface Transportation Board, as well as other federal agencies and local laws, where applicable. Additional costs that could result from changes in the rules and regulations of these regulatory agencies would adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Conservation could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

As a result of recent legislative and regulatory initiatives, we have put into place programs to promote additional energy efficiency by our customers. Funding for such programs is being recovered through cost recovery riders. However, the adverse impact of lower deliveries and resulting reduced margin could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

A security breach could disrupt our operating systems, shutdown our facilities or expose confidential personal information.

Security breaches of our information technology infrastructure, including cyber-attacks and cyber terrorism, could lead to system disruptions or generate facility shutdowns. If such an attack or security breach were to occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, such an attack could affect our ability to service our indebtedness, our ability to raise capital and our future growth opportunities.

Additionally, the protection of customer, employee and company data is critical to us. A breakdown or a breach in our systems that results in the unauthorized release of individually identifiable customer or other sensitive data could occur and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operating results and financial condition. Such a breakdown or breach could also materially increase the costs we incur to protect against such risks. There is no guarantee that the procedures that we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches
.

24

We could be adversely affected by violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws.

Our international operations require us to comply with a number of U.S. and international laws and regulations, including those involving anti-bribery and anti-corruption. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) generally prohibits United States companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or maintaining business or obtaining an improper business benefit. Although our policies require compliance with these laws, we may be held liable for actions taken by our strategic or local partners in foreign jurisdictions, even though these partners may not be subject to the FCPA. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Risks Related to Our Corporate and Financial Structure

We depend on our ability to successfully access the capital and financial markets. Any inability to access the capital or financial markets may limit our ability to execute our business plan or pursue improvements that we may rely on for future growth.

We rely on access to both short-term money markets (in the form of commercial paper and lines of credit) and long-term capital markets as a source of liquidity for capital and operating requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from our operations. If we are not able to access financial markets at competitive rates, our ability to implement our business plan and strategy will be negatively affected, and we may be forced to postpone, modify or cancel capital projects. Certain market disruptions may increase our cost of borrowing or affect our ability to access one or more financial markets. Such market disruptions could result from:

           ·  

adverse economic conditions

·  

adverse general capital market conditions

·  

poor performance and health of the utility industry in general

·  

bankruptcy or financial distress of unrelated energy companies or Marketers

·  

significant decrease in the demand for natural gas

·  

adverse regulatory actions that affect our local gas distribution companies and our natural gas storage business

·  

terrorist attacks on our facilities or our suppliers or

·  

extreme weather conditions.

During 2011, our issuances of new debt along with our commercial paper borrowings were primarily used to fund the merger with Nicor, capital expenditures and purchase natural gas inventories for the 2011 / 2012 Heating Season. The amount of our working capital requirements in the near-term will primarily depend on the market price of natural gas and weather. Higher natural gas prices may adversely impact our accounts receivable collections and may require us to increase borrowings under our credit facilities to fund our operations.

While we believe we can meet our capital requirements from our operations and our available sources of financing, we can provide no assurance that we will continue to be able to do so in the future, especially if the market price of natural gas increases significantly in the near-term. The future effects on our business, liquidity and financial results due to market disruptions could be material and adverse to us, both in the ways described above, or in ways that we do not currently anticipate.

If we breach any of the financial covenants under our various credit facilities, our debt service obligations could be accelerated.

The AGL Credit Facility and the Nicor Gas Credit Facility contain financial covenants. If we breach any of the financial covenants under these agreements, our debt repayment obligations under them could be accelerated. In such event, we may not be able to refinance or repay all our indebtedness, which would result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

A downgrade in our credit rating could negatively affect our ability to access capital, or may require us to provide additional collateral to certain counterparties.

Our senior debt is currently assigned investment grade credit ratings. If the rating agencies downgrade our ratings, particularly below investment grade, it may significantly limit our access to the commercial paper market and our borrowing costs would increase. In addition, we would likely be required to pay a higher interest rate in future financings and our potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease.

Additionally, if our credit rating by either S&P or Moody’s falls to non-investment grade status, we will be required to provide additional support for certain customers. In December 2010, after we announced the proposed merger with Nicor, S&P lowered our outlook from stable to negative watch. In December 2011, related to our merger with Nicor, our credit ratings were graded as follows:

25

·  

Moody’s affirmed the senior unsecured and short-term ratings of the legacy subsidiaries of AGL Resources. Moody’s withdrew the short-term rating of Nicor and downgraded the long-term and short-term ratings of Nicor Gas (long-term to A3, from A2, and short-term to P-2 from P-1). Moody's affirmed the Stable outlook for all of our entities.

·  

S&P affirmed its rating of AGL Capital (BBB+), while lowering the corporate credit ratings on AGL Resources and its subsidiaries (Atlanta Gas Light and Nicor Gas). The corporate credit rating of AGL Resources and Atlanta Gas Light was downgraded from A- to BBB+ while the corporate credit rating of Nicor Gas was downgraded from AA to BBB+. S&P indicated the downgrade primarily stems from our increased financial leverage resulting from the Nicor merger. S&P rated both the AGL Capital and Nicor Gas commercial paper programs at A-2. As a result of these actions, S&P removed the Negative Watch and noted the outlook is now Stable.

·  

Fitch affirmed its ratings on AGL Resources and its subsidiaries (A-) and Nicor Gas (A), with a Stable outlook. Fitch noted that our consolidated financial profile is pressured, and that with the addition of acquisition-related debt, our consolidated credit metrics are weak for the ratings category. Fitch indicated that long-term ratings stability will depend on reduction in leverage through successful integration and the realization of operating synergies.

As of December 31, 2011, if our credit rating had fallen below investment grade, we would have been required to provide collateral of approximately $48 million to continue conducting business with certain counterparties.

We are vulnerable to interest rate risk with respect to our debt, which could lead to changes in interest expense and adversely affect our earnings.

We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with the issuance of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. In order to maintain our desired mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt, we may use interest rate swap agreements and exchange fixed-rate and variable-rate interest payment obligations over the life of the arrangements, without exchange of the underlying principal amounts. For additional information, see Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” We cannot ensure that we will be successful in structuring such swap agreements to manage our risks effectively. If we are unable to do so, our earnings may be reduced. In addition, higher interest rates, all other things equal, reduce the earnings that we derive from transactions where we capture the difference between authorized returns and short-term borrowings.

We are a holding company and are dependent on cash flow from our subsidiaries, which may not be available in the amounts and at the times we need.

A significant portion of our outstanding debt was issued by our wholly owned subsidiary, AGL Capital, which we fully and unconditionally guarantee. Since we are a holding company and have no operations separate from our investment in our subsidiaries, we are dependent on cash in the form of dividends or other distributions from our subsidiaries to meet our cash requirements. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions is subject to applicable state law. In addition, Nicor Gas is not permitted to make money pool loans to affiliates. Refer to Item 5, “Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities” for additional dividend restriction information.

The use of derivative contracts in the normal course of our business could result in financial losses that negatively impact our results of operations.

We use derivatives, including futures, forwards and swaps, to manage our commodity and financial market risks. We could recognize financial losses on these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these derivative instruments can involve management’s judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could adversely affect the value of the reported fair value of these contracts.

As a result of cross-default provisions in our borrowing arrangements, we may be unable to satisfy all our outstanding obligations in the event of a default on our part.

The AGL Credit Facility and the Nicor Gas Credit Facility contain cross-default provisions. Should an event of default occur under some of our debt agreements, we face the prospect of being in default under other of our debt agreements, obligated in such instance to satisfy a large portion of our outstanding indebtedness and unable to satisfy all our outstanding obligations simultaneously.

Changes in taxation could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Various tax and fee increases may occur in locations in which we operate. For example, the Illinois corporate income tax rate was increased effective January 1, 2011. We cannot predict whether other legislation or regulation will be introduced, the form of any legislation or regulation, or whether any such legislation or regulation will be passed by the legislatures or other governmental bodies. New taxes or an increase in tax rates would increase tax expense and could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

26

We are involved in legal or administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental bodies that could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

We are involved in legal or administrative proceedings before various courts and governmental bodies with respect to general claims, rates, taxes, environmental issues, billing, credit and collection matters, intersegment services, gas cost prudence reviews and other matters. Adverse decisions regarding these matters, to the extent they require us to make payments in excess of amounts provided for in our financial statements, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Risks Related to Our Merger with Nicor

The market price of our common stock after the merger may be affected by factors different from those affecting the shares of AGL Resources or Nicor prior to the merger.

Our businesses differ from those of Nicor in important respects and, accordingly, the results of operations of the combined company and the market price of our shares of common stock following the merger may be affected by factors different from those affecting the results of our operations prior to the merger.

The merger may not be accretive to our earnings and may cause dilution to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common shares.

We may encounter additional transaction and integration-related costs, may fail to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the merger or be subject to other factors that affect preliminary estimates. Any of these factors could cause a decrease in our earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the merger and contribute to a decrease in the price of our common shares.

The anticipated benefits of combining Nicor with us may not be realized.

We entered into the Merger Agreement with the expectation that the merger would result in various benefits, including, among other things, increased operating efficiencies and reduced costs. Although we expect to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger, achieving them is subject to a number of uncertainties, including:

·  

the ability to combine certain of our operations or take advantage of expected growth opportunities

·  

general market and economic conditions

·  

general competitive factors in the marketplace

·  

higher than expected costs required to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger.

No assurance can be given that these benefits will be achieved or, if achieved, the timing of their achievement. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs and decreases in the amount of expected revenues or net income of the combined company.

The integration of AGL Resources and Nicor will present significant challenges that may result in a decline in the anticipated potential benefits of the merger.

The difficulties of combining operations include:

·  

combining the best practices, including utility operations, non-regulated energy marketing operations and staff functions

·  

the necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities

·  

integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures

·  

moving our operating headquarters for our gas distribution business to Naperville, Illinois

·  

reducing the costs associated with each company’s operations

·  

preserving important relationships of both AGL Resources and Nicor and resolving potential conflicts that may arise.

The process of combining operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of the combined company’s businesses and the possible loss of key personnel. The diversion of management’s attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the merger and the integration of our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the combined company after the merger.

27

We have incurred and will incur significant transaction, merger-related and restructuring costs in connection with the merger.

We continue to incur restructuring and integration costs in connection with the merger. We are assessing the magnitude of these costs and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred as we continue the integration of the businesses. The costs related to restructuring are expensed as a cost of the ongoing results of operations of the combined company. Although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, may offset incremental transaction, merger-related and restructuring costs over time, any net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.

The combined company recorded goodwill and intangible assets that could become impaired and adversely affect the combined company’s operating results.

We accounted for the merger as a purchase in accordance with GAAP. Under the purchase method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of Nicor were recorded, as of the date of the merger, at their respective fair values and added to our assets and liabilities. Our reported financial condition and results of operations issued after completion of the merger reflect Nicor balances and results after completion of the merger, but do not restate retroactively to reflect the historical financial position or results of operations of Nicor for periods prior to the merger. The earnings of the combined company reflect purchase accounting adjustments.

Under the purchase method of accounting, the total purchase price was allocated to Nicor’s tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible assets based on their fair values as of the date of the merger. Identifiable intangible assets of $103 million were recorded. The fair value of Nicor’s assets and liabilities subject to the rate setting practices of their regulators approximate their carrying value. The excess of the purchase price over identifiable fair values was recorded as goodwill in the amount of approximately $1.4 billion. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangibles becomes impaired, the combined company may be required to incur impairment charges that could have a material impact on the combined company’s operating results.

Our indebtedness following the merger is higher than our previous indebtedness, which could limit our operations and opportunities, make it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts and may cause us to issue additional equity in the future, which would increase the dilution of our shareholders or reduce earnings.

In connection with the merger, we assumed Nicor’s outstanding debt and incurred additional debt to pay the cash portion of the merger consideration and transactions expenses. Our total indebtedness as of December 31, 2011 was approximately $4.9 billion (including approximately $1.3 billion of short-term borrowings and approximately $3.6 billion of long-term debt and other long-term obligations).

Our debt service obligations with respect to this increased indebtedness could have an adverse impact on our earnings and cash flows (which after the merger include the earnings and cash flows of Nicor) for as long as the indebtedness is outstanding.

This increased indebtedness could also have important consequences to shareholders. For example, it could:

·  

make it more difficult for us to pay or refinance our debts as they become due during adverse economic and industry conditions because any decrease in revenues could cause us to not have sufficient cash flows from operations to make our scheduled debt payments

·  

limit our flexibility to pursue other strategic opportunities or react to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate and, consequently, place us at a competitive disadvantage to competitors with less debt

·  

require a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to be used for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and other general corporate purposes

·  

result in a downgrade in the credit rating of our indebtedness, which could limit our ability to borrow additional funds or increase the interest rates applicable to our indebtedness

·  

reduce the amount of credit available to us to support hedging activities

·  

result in higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates since some of our borrowings are, and will continue to be, at variable rates.

Based upon current levels of operations, we expect to be able to generate sufficient cash on a consolidated basis to make all of the principal and interest payments when such payments are due under our existing credit agreements, indentures and other instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness, and under the indebtedness of Nicor and its subsidiaries that remained outstanding after the merger; but there can be no assurance that we will be able to repay or refinance such borrowings and obligations.

28

We are committed to maintaining and improving our credit ratings. In order to maintain and improve these credit ratings, we may consider it appropriate to reduce the amount of indebtedness outstanding. This may be accomplished in several ways, including issuing additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into shares of common stock, reducing discretionary uses of cash or a combination of these and other measures. Issuances of additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into shares of common stock would have the effect of diluting the ownership percentage that shareholders will hold in the combined company and might reduce the reported earnings per share. The specific measures that we may ultimately decide to use to maintain or improve our credit ratings and their timing, will depend upon a number of factors, including market conditions and forecasts at the time those decisions are made.