An investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to
risks and uncertainties. Investors should consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase our securities. 

Investment risks can be market-wide as well as unique to a specific industry or company. The market risks faced by an
investor in our stock are similar to the uncertainties faced by investors in a broad range of industries. There are some risks that apply more specifically to our business. 

Because three of our four business groups serve the defense market, our revenues are concentrated with the U.S. government.
This customer relationship involves certain unique risks. In addition, our sales to international customers expose us to different financial and legal risks. In our Aerospace group, we face risks tied to U.S. and global economic conditions. Despite
the varying nature of our U.S. and international defense and business-aviation operations and the markets they serve, each group shares some common risks, such as the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability and
quality of commodities and subsystems. 

We depend on the U.S. government for a significant portion of our
revenues. In each of the past three years, more than two-thirds of our revenues were from the U.S. government. U.S. defense spending has been driven by perceived threats to national security. While the country has been under an elevated threat
level for the past decade, competing demands for federal funds could pressure all areas of spending. 

A decrease
in U.S. government defense spending or changes in spending allocation could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed or terminated. Reductions in our existing programs could adversely affect our future revenues and earnings. For
additional information relating to the current U.S. defense budget, see the Business Environment section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in Part II, Item 7, of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

U.S. government contracts are not always fully funded at inception and are subject to
termination. Our U.S. government revenues are funded by agency budgets that operate on an October-to-September fiscal year. In February of each year, the President of the United States presents to the Congress the budget for the upcoming fiscal
year. This budget proposes funding levels for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the Executive branch. For the remainder of the year, the appropriations and authorization committees of the
Congress review the President’s budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. Once these levels are enacted into law, the Executive Office of the President administers the funds to the agencies. 

There are two primary risks associated with the U.S. government budget cycle. First, the annual process may be delayed or
disrupted. For example, changes in congressional schedules due to elections or other legislative priorities, or negotiations for program funding levels can interrupt the process. If the annual budget is not approved by the end of the government
fiscal year, portions of the U.S. government can shut down or operate under a continuing resolution that funds spending at prior year levels, which can impact funding for our programs and timing of new awards. Additionally, the Congress typically
appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years. Future revenues under existing multi-year contracts are conditioned on the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. Changes in
appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these programs. Delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content. 

In addition, U.S. government contracts generally permit the government to terminate a contract, in whole or in part, for
convenience. If a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor usually is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs and the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. The government may also terminate a
contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. If a contract is terminated for default, the government in most cases pays only for the work it has accepted. The loss of anticipated funding or the termination of multiple or large
programs could have an adverse effect on our future revenues and earnings. 

We are subject to audit by the U.S.
government. U.S. government agencies routinely audit and investigate government contractors. These agencies review a contractor’s performance under its contracts and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. The U.S.
government also reviews the adequacy of, and a contractor’s compliance with, its internal control systems and policies, including the contractor’s purchasing, property, estimating, labor, accounting and information systems. In some cases,
audits may result in costs not being reimbursed or subject to repayment. If an audit or investigation were to result in allegations of improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions,
including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines, and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. In addition, we could suffer reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were
made against us. 

Our Aerospace group is subject to changing customer demand for business aircraft. Our
Aerospace group’s business-jet market is driven by the demand for business-aviation products and services by business, individual and government customers in the United States and around the world. The group’s future results also depend on
other factors, including general economic conditions, the availability of credit and trends in capital goods markets. If customers default on existing contracts and we are unable to replace those contracts, the group’s anticipated revenues and
profitability could be reduced as a result. 

14                        General
Dynamics Annual Report 2011 

Table of Contents

Our earnings and margins depend on our ability to perform under our
contracts. When agreeing to contractual terms, our management team makes assumptions and projections about future conditions or events. These projections assess: 

•

 the productivity and availability of labor, 

•

 the complexity of the work to be performed, 

•

 the cost and availability of materials and components, and 

•

 schedule requirements. 

If there is a significant change in one or more of these circumstances or estimates, or if we fail to adequately manage the risks under our contracts, the profitability of our contracts may be adversely
affected. This could affect our earnings and margins. 

Our earnings and margins depend in part on subcontractor
and vendor performance. We rely on other companies to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. Subcontractors also perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. We depend on these subcontractors and vendors
to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements. We often rely on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers. Our ability
to perform our obligations as a prime contractor may be adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

International sales and operations are subject to greater risks that sometimes are associated with doing business in
foreign countries. Our international business may pose different risks than our business in the United States. In some countries there is increased chance for economic, legal or political changes. Government customers in newly formed free-market
economies typically have procurement procedures that are less mature, which may complicate the contracting process. In this context, our international business may be sensitive to changes in a foreign government’s leadership, national
priorities and budgets. International transactions can involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange-rate variability and differing legal systems. In addition, some international government customers require contractors
to agree to specific in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, as a condition for a contract award. The contracts may include penalties if we fail to meet the offset requirements. An
unfavorable event or trend in any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our revenues and earnings associated with our international business. 

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we
provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system integration processes. Our customers’ requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends, in part, on
our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. Because of the highly specialized nature of our business, we must hire and retain the
skilled and qualified personnel necessary to perform the services required by our customers. If we are unable to develop new products that meet customers’ changing needs or successfully attract and retain qualified personnel, our future
revenues and earnings may be adversely affected. 

We have made and expect to continue to make investments,
including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. These activities, particularly in the current environment of increased government regulation and enforcement domestically and abroad, may expose us to legal and
regulatory risks that are different from the risks we have experienced in our existing businesses. When evaluating potential mergers and acquisitions, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets and
the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends on multiple factors, including our integration of the
businesses involved, the performance of the underlying products, capabilities or technologies and market conditions following the acquisition. Although we believe we have established appropriate procedures and processes to mitigate these risks and
have a proven track record of successful acquisitions and investments, unanticipated performance issues and acquired liabilities associated with these activities could adversely affect our financial results, including future charges for impairment
of long-lived assets. 

Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber security events and other
disruptions. As a defense contractor, we face various cyber security threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, as well as threats to physical
security. We also design and manage information technology systems for various customers. We generally face the same security threats for these systems as for our own. Accordingly, we maintain information security policies and procedures for
managing all systems. If any of these threats materialize, the event could cause serious harm to our business, damage our reputation and prevent us from being eligible for future work on sensitive or classified systems for U.S. government customers
and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

General Dynamics
Annual Report 2011                        15 

Table of Contents

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on management’s expectations, estimates, projections
and assumptions. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “believes,” “scheduled,” “outlook,” “estimates,” “should” and variations of these words and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These include but are not limited to projections of revenues, earnings, operating margins, segment performance, cash flows, contract awards, aircraft production, deliveries and
backlog. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and
uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future results and trends may differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the risk factors discussed
in this section. 

All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, in the case of any
document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to General Dynamics or any person acting on our behalf are qualified by the cautionary statements in this section.
We do not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report.