An investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to
risks and uncertainties. Investors should consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase our securities. 

Investment risks can be market-wide, as well as unique to a specific industry or company. The market risks faced by an investor in our stock are similar
to the uncertainties faced by investors in a broad range of industries. There are, however, some risks that apply more specifically to General Dynamics based on our type of business. Of course, these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones
that we or any company face. Additional risks and uncertainties currently considered immaterial could also affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Because three of our four business groups serve the defense market, our sales are concentrated with the U.S. government. This customer relationship
involves certain unique risks. In addition, our expansion of sales to international customers in recent years exposes us to different financial and legal risks. In our Aerospace group’s market, we face risks tied to U.S. and global economic
conditions. Despite the varying nature of our U.S. and international defense and business-aviation operations and the markets they serve, each group shares some common risks, such as the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price,
availability and quality of commodities and subsystems. 

We depend on the U.S. government for a significant portion of our sales. In
each of the past three years, over two-thirds of our sales were to the U.S. government. U.S. defense spending historically has been cyclical. Though it is not clear that future defense spending will be equally cyclical, defense budgets rise when
perceived threats to national security increase the level of concern over the country’s safety. At other times, spending on the military can decrease. While Department of Defense funding has grown rapidly over the past few years, there is no
assurance this trend will continue. Competing demands for federal funds can put pressure on all areas of spending, which could impact the defense budget. 

A decrease in U.S. government defense spending or changes in spending allocation could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed or terminated. Reductions in our existing programs, unless offset by
other programs and opportunities, could adversely affect our ability to sustain and grow future sales and earnings. 

14    General Dynamics 2008 Annual Report 

Table of Contents

U.S. government contracts generally are not fully funded at inception and are subject to termination.
Our U.S. government sales are funded by agency budgets that operate on an October-to-September fiscal year. In February of each year, the President of the United States presents to the Congress the budget for the upcoming fiscal year. This
budget proposes funding levels for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the Executive branch. From February through September of each year, the appropriations and authorization committees of the
Congress review the President’s budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. Once these levels are enacted into law, the Executive Office of the President administers the funds to the agencies. 

There are two primary risks associated with this process. First, the process may be delayed or disrupted. Changes in congressional schedules,
negotiations for program funding levels or unforeseen world events can interrupt the funding for a program or contract. Second, future sales under existing multi-year contracts are conditioned on the continuing availability of congressional
appropriations. The Congress typically appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years. Changes in appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these programs. Delays
or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content. 

In addition, U.S. government
contracts generally permit the government to terminate a contract, in whole or in part, for convenience. If a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor generally is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs and the
proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. The government may also terminate a contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. If a contract is terminated for default, the government in most cases pays for only
the work it has accepted. The loss of anticipated funding or the termination of multiple or large programs could have an adverse effect on our future sales and earnings. 

Our Aerospace group is subject to changing customer demand for business aircraft. Our Aerospace group’s business-jet market is driven by the demand for business-aviation products and services by U.S. and
foreign businesses, the U.S. and other governments, and individual customers. The group’s future results also depend on other factors, including general economic conditions, the availability of credit and trends in capital goods markets. Toward
the end of 2008, well-known shocks to the financial and credit markets resulted in a slowdown in aircraft order flow and led to several defaults by our customers under contracts to purchase new aircraft. Continued malaise in the general economy and
in particular the financial services sector could result in additional defaults. If our Aerospace group is unable to replace contracts terminated due to future customer defaults with existing contracts in the backlog or new contracts, the
group’s anticipated sales and profitability could be reduced as a result. 

Our earnings and margins depend on our ability to
perform under our contracts. When agreeing to contractual terms, our management makes assumptions and projections about future conditions or events. These projections assess: 

•

 the productivity and availability of labor, 

•

 the complexity of the work to be performed, 

•

 the cost and availability of materials, 

•

 the impact of delayed performance and 

•

 the timing of product deliveries. 

If there is a
significant change in one or more of these circumstances or estimates, or if we face unexpected contract costs, the profitability of one or more of these contracts may be adversely affected. This could affect our earnings and margins. 

Our earnings and margins depend in part on subcontractor performance, as well as raw material and component availability and pricing. We rely on
other companies to provide raw materials, major components and subsystems for our products. Subcontractors perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. We depend on these subcontractors and vendors to meet our contractual
obligations in full compliance with customer requirements. Occasionally, we rely on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers. Our ability to perform our
obligations as a prime contractor may be adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

International sales and operations are subject to greater risks that sometimes are associated with doing business in foreign countries. Our
international business may pose different risks than our business in the United States. In some countries there is increased chance for economic, legal or political changes. Government customers in newly formed free-market economies typically have
procurement procedures that are less mature, which can complicate the contracting process. In this context, our international business may be sensitive to changes in a foreign government’s leadership, national priorities and budgets.
International transactions can involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange-rate variability and differing legal systems. In addition, some international government customers require contractors to agree to specific
in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, as a condition for a contract award. The contracts may include penalties if we fail to meet the offset requirements. An unfavorable event or trend in
any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our sales and earnings associated with our international business. 

General Dynamics 2008 Annual Report    15 

Table of Contents

Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to develop new products and maintain a
qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Virtually all of the products that we produce and sell are highly engineered and require sophisticated manufacturing and system-integration techniques and capabilities. The commercial and
government markets in which we operate are characterized by rapidly changing technologies. The product and program needs of our government and commercial customers change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends in part on
our ability to identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture competitive products, and bring those products to market quickly at cost-effective prices. In addition, because of the highly specialized nature of our business, we must
be able to hire and retain the skilled and qualified personnel necessary to perform the services required by our customers. If we are unable to develop new products that meet customers’ changing needs or successfully attract and retain
qualified personnel, our future sales and earnings may be adversely affected. 

Developing new technologies entails significant risks and
uncertainties that may not be covered by indemnity or insurance. While we maintain insurance for some business risks, it is not practicable to obtain coverage to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. Where permitted by
applicable laws, we seek indemnification from the U.S. government. In addition, we generally seek limitation of potential liability related to the sale and use of our homeland security products and services through qualification by the Department of
Homeland Security under the SAFETY Act provisions of the Homeland Security Act of 2002. We may elect to provide products or services even in instances where we are unable to obtain such indemnification or qualification. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on management’s expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “believes,”
“scheduled,” “estimates” and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These include but are not limited to projections of revenues, earnings, segment performance, cash
flows, contract awards, aircraft production, deliveries and backlog stability. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not
guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future results and trends may differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of
factors, including, without limitation, the risk factors discussed in this section. 

All forward-looking statements speak only as of the
date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to General Dynamics or any person acting on our behalf are qualified by
the cautionary statements in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report.