An investment in our common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties. Investors should consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase our securities.

Investment risks can be market-wide as well as unique to a specific industry or company. The market risks faced by an investor in our stock are similar to the uncertainties faced by investors in a broad range of industries. There are some risks that apply more specifically to our business.

Because three of our four business groups serve the defense market, our revenues are concentrated with the U.S. government. This customer relationship involves some specific risks. In addition, our sales to international customers expose us to different financial and legal risks. Despite the varying nature of our U.S. and international defense and business-aviation operations and the markets they serve, each group shares some common risks, such as the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability and quality of commodities and subsystems.

The U.S. government provides a significant portion of our revenues.
 In each of the past three years, approximately two-thirds of our revenues were from the U.S. government. U.S. defense spending is driven by threats to national security. While the country has been under an elevated threat level for more than a decade, competing demands for federal funds could pressure all areas of spending. A decrease in U.S. government defense spending or changes in spending allocation could result in one or more of our programs being reduced, delayed or terminated, which could have some impact on our financial performance. 

Several factors are currently affecting U.S. defense spending, including:

•

the fact that the Congress has not passed a fiscal year (FY) 2013 budget, resulting in the U.S. government, including the DoD, operating under a continuing resolution (CR) that provides funding at FY 2012 levels through March 2013; 

•

a $487 billion, or approximately 8 percent, reduction to previously-planned defense funding over the next decade as mandated by the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA). These cuts were incorporated into the FY 2013 proposed defense budget; and

•

a sequester mechanism, also part of the BCA, that would impose an additional $500 billion of defense cuts over nine years starting in FY 2013, which represents approximately 9 percent of planned defense funding over the period. 

While we are unable to predict the exact impact on our programs or financial outlook, these factors, particularly the funding reductions of the magnitude imposed by the sequester mechanism as written, could in the aggregate have material adverse operational and financial consequences, depending on how the cuts are allocated across the budget. Due to its shorter-cycle businesses, the Information Systems and Technology outlook is more sensitive than our other defense groups to any additional budget cuts that may occur. For additional information relating to the U.S. defense budget, see the Business Environment section of 

18

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in Part II, Item 7, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

U.S. government contracts are not always fully funded at inception and are subject to termination.
 Our U.S. government revenues are funded by agency budgets that operate on an October-to-September fiscal year. Early each calendar year, the President of the United States presents to the Congress the budget for the upcoming fiscal year. This budget proposes funding levels for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the Executive branch. For the remainder of the year, the appropriations and authorization committees of the Congress review the President’s budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. Once these levels are enacted into law, the Executive Office of the President administers the funds to the agencies.

There are two primary risks associated with the U.S. government budget cycle. First, the annual process may be delayed or disrupted. For example, changes in congressional schedules due to elections or other legislative priorities, or negotiations for program funding levels can interrupt the process. If the annual budget is not approved by the beginning of the government fiscal year, portions of the U.S. government can shut down or operate under a CR that maintains spending at prior year levels, which can impact funding for our programs and timing of new awards. Second, the Congress typically appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years. Future revenues under existing multi-year contracts are conditioned on the continuing availability of congressional appropriations. Changes in appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these programs. Delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content.

In addition, U.S. government contracts generally permit the government to terminate a contract, in whole or in part, for convenience. If a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor usually is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs and the proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. The government may also terminate a contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. If a contract is terminated for default, the government in most cases pays only for the work it has accepted. The loss of anticipated funding or the termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and earnings.

Government contractors are subject to audit by the U.S. government.
 U.S. government agencies routinely audit and review government contractors. These agencies review a contractor’s performance under its contracts and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. The U.S. government also reviews the adequacy of, and a contractor’s compliance with, its internal control systems and policies, including the contractor’s purchasing, property, estimating, labor, accounting and information systems. In some cases, audits may result in contractor costs not being reimbursed or subject to repayment. If an audit or investigation were to result in allegations against a contractor of improper or illegal activities, civil or criminal penalties and administrative sanctions could result, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines, and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. In addition, reputational harm could result if allegations of impropriety were made.

Our Aerospace group is subject to changing customer demand for business aircraft.
 Our Aerospace group’s business-jet market is driven by the demand for business-aviation products and services by business, individual and government customers in the United States and around the world. The group’s results also depend on other factors, including general economic conditions, the availability of credit and trends in capital goods markets. In addition, if customers default on existing contracts and the contracts are not replaced, the group’s anticipated revenues and profitability could be materially reduced as a result.

19

Earnings and margins depend on our ability to perform under our contracts.
 When agreeing to contractual terms, our management team makes assumptions and projections about future conditions or events. These projections assess:

•

the productivity and availability of labor,

•

the complexity of the work to be performed,

•

the cost and availability of materials and components, and

•

schedule requirements.

If there is a significant change in one or more of these circumstances or estimates, or if the risks under our contracts are not managed adequately, the profitability of our contracts may be adversely affected. This could affect our earnings and margins materially.

Our earnings and margins depend in part on subcontractor and vendor performance.
 We rely on other companies to provide materials, components and subsystems for our products. Subcontractors also perform some of the services that we provide to our customers. We depend on these subcontractors and vendors to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements. We manage our supplier base carefully to avoid customer problems. However, we sometimes rely on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our customer commitments. Our ability to perform our obligations as a prime contractor may be adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner.

International sales and operations are subject to different, and sometimes greater, risks that may be associated with doing business in foreign countries.
 In some countries there is increased chance for economic, legal or political changes, and procurement procedures may be less robust or mature, which may complicate the contracting process. Our international business may be sensitive to changes in a foreign government’s budgets, leadership and national priorities, including the current European fiscal condition. International transactions can involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange-rate variability and differing legal systems. An unfavorable event or trend in any one or more of these factors could materially adversely affect revenues and earnings associated with our international business. In addition, some international government customers require contractors to enter into letters of credit, performance or surety bonds, bank guarantees and other similar arrangements or to agree to specific in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, that require us to satisfy certain requirements. If we do not satisfy these requirements, our future revenues and earnings may be materially adversely affected.

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers.
 Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system integration processes. Our customers’ requirements change and evolve regularly. Accordingly, our future performance depends, in part, on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. Because of the highly specialized nature of our business, we must hire and retain the skilled and qualified personnel necessary to perform the services required by our customers. If we are unable to develop new products that meet customers’ changing needs or successfully attract and retain qualified personnel, our future revenues and earnings may be materially adversely affected.

20

We have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties.
 When evaluating potential mergers and acquisitions, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. Whether we realize the anticipated benefits from these transactions depends on multiple factors, including our integration of the businesses involved, the performance of the underlying products, capabilities or technologies, market conditions following the acquisition and acquired liabilities. These factors could materially adversely affect our financial results, including future impairment charges.

Our business could be negatively impacted by cyber security events and other disruptions.
 As a defense contractor, we face various cyber security threats, including threats to our information technology infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, as well as threats to physical security. We also design and manage information technology systems for various customers. We generally face the same security threats for these systems as for our own. Accordingly, we maintain information security policies and procedures for managing all systems. If any of these threats were to materialize, the event could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for U.S. government customers, as well as negatively impact our results of operations materially.

21

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on management’s expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “believes,” “scheduled,” “outlook,” “estimates,” “should” and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These include but are not limited to projections of revenues, earnings, operating margins, segment performance, cash flows, contract awards, aircraft production, deliveries and backlog. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future results and trends may differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the risk factors discussed in this section.

All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to General Dynamics or any person acting on our behalf are qualified by the cautionary statements in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report.