An investment in General Dynamics’ common stock or debt securities is subject to risks and uncertainties. Investors should consider the following factors, in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, before deciding to purchase the company’s securities. 

Investment risks can be market-wide, as well as unique to a specific
industry or company. The market risks faced by an investor in General Dynamics’ stock are similar to the uncertainties faced by investors in a broad range of industries. There are, however, some risks that apply more specifically to General
Dynamics based on its type of business. Of course, these risks and uncertainties are not the only ones that General Dynamics or any company faces. Additional risks and uncertainties currently considered immaterial could also impact the
company’s business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Because three of General Dynamics’ four business groups serve
the defense market, the company’s sales are concentrated with the U.S. government. This customer relationship involves certain unique risks. In addition, the company has expanded sales to international customers in recent years, exposing the
company to different financial and legal risks. In the Aerospace group’s market, there are risks tied to U.S. and global economic conditions. Despite the varying nature of the company’s U.S. and international defense and business-aviation
operations and the markets they serve, each shares some common risks, such as the ongoing development of high-technology products and the price, availability and quality of commodities and subsystems. 

The company depends on the U.S. government for a significant portion of its
sales. In each of the past three years, approximately two-thirds of the company’s net sales were to the U.S. government. U.S. defense spending historically has been cyclical. Though it is not clear that future defense spending will be
equally cyclical, defense budgets rise when perceived threats to national security increase the level of concern over the country’s safety. At other times, spending on the military can decrease. While Department of Defense funding has grown
rapidly over the past few years, there is no assurance this trend will continue. Competing demands for federal funds can put pressure on all areas of spending, which could impact the defense budget. 

A decrease in U.S. government defense spending or changes in spending allocation could result in one or more of the company’s programs being
reduced, delayed or terminated. Reductions in the company’s existing programs, unless offset by other programs and opportunities, could adversely affect the company’s ability to sustain and grow future sales and earnings. 

14    General Dynamics 2007 Annual Report 

Table of Contents

U.S. government contracts generally are not fully funded at inception and are subject to termination.
The company’s U.S. government sales are funded by agency budgets that operate on an October-to-September fiscal year. In February of each year, the President of the United States presents to the Congress the budget for the upcoming fiscal
year. This budget proposes funding levels for every federal agency and is the result of months of policy and program reviews throughout the Executive branch. From February through September of each year, the appropriations and authorization
committees of the Congress review the President’s budget proposals and establish the funding levels for the upcoming fiscal year. Once these levels are enacted into law, the Executive Office of the President administers the funds to the
agencies. 

There are two primary risks associated with this process. First, the process may be delayed or disrupted. Changes in
congressional schedules, negotiations for program funding levels or unforeseen world events can interrupt the funding for a program or contract. Second, future sales under existing multiyear contracts are conditioned on the continuing availability
of congressional appropriations. The Congress typically appropriates funds on a fiscal-year basis, even though contract performance may extend over many years. Changes in appropriations in subsequent years may impact the funding available for these
programs. Delays or changes in funding can impact the timing of available funds or lead to changes in program content. 

In addition, U.S.
government contracts generally permit the government to terminate a contract, in whole or in part, for convenience. If a contract is terminated for convenience, a contractor generally is entitled to receive payments for its allowable costs and the
proportionate share of fees or earnings for the work performed. The government may also terminate a contract for default in the event of a breach by the contractor. If a contract is terminated for default, the government in most cases pays for only
the work it has accepted. The loss of anticipated funding or the termination of multiple or large programs could have an adverse effect on the company’s future sales and earnings. 

The Aerospace group is subject to changing customer demand for business aircraft. The Aerospace group’s business-jet market is driven by the
demand for business-aviation products by U.S. and foreign businesses, the U.S. and other governments and individual customers. The group’s future results also depend on other factors, including general economic conditions and trends in capital
goods markets. A severe downturn in these market factors could adversely affect the sales, profitability and backlog stability of the company’s Aerospace group. 

The company’s earnings and margins depend on its ability to perform under its contracts. When agreeing to contractual terms, the company’s management makes assumptions and projections about future
conditions or events. These projections assess future labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, material cost and availability, the impact of delayed performance, and the timing of product deliveries. If there
is a significant change in one or more of these circumstances or estimates, or if the company faces unexpected contract costs, the profitability of one or more of these contracts may be adversely affected. This could affect the company’s
earnings and margins. 

The company’s earnings and margins depend in part on subcontractor performance, as well as raw material and
component availability and pricing. General Dynamics relies on other companies to provide raw materials, major components and subsystems for its products. Subcontractors perform some of the services that the company provides to its customers.
Occasionally, the company relies on only one or two sources of supply that, if disrupted, could have an adverse effect on the company’s ability to meet its commitments to customers. The company depends on these subcontractors and vendors to
meet its contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements. The company’s ability to perform its obligations as a prime contractor may be adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the
agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

International sales and operations are
subject to greater risks that sometimes are associated with doing business in foreign countries. The company’s international business may pose different risks than its business in the United States. In some countries there is increased
chance for economic, legal or political changes. Government customers in newly formed free-market economies typically have procurement procedures that are less mature, which can complicate the contracting process. In this context, the company’s
international business may be sensitive to changes in a foreign government’s leadership, national priorities and budgets. International transactions can involve increased financial and legal risks arising from foreign exchange-rate variability
and differing legal systems. In addition, some international customers require contractors to agree to specific in-country purchases, manufacturing agreements or financial support arrangements, known as offsets, as a condition for a contract award.
The contracts may include penalties if the company fails to meet the offset requirements. An unfavorable event or trend in any one or more of these factors could adversely affect the company’s sales and earnings associated with its
international business. 

General Dynamics 2007 Annual Report    15 

Table of Contents

The company’s future success will depend, in part, on its ability to develop new products and
maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of its customers. Virtually all of the products produced and sold by the company are highly engineered and require sophisticated manufacturing and system-integration techniques and capabilities.
The commercial and government markets in which the company operates are characterized by rapidly changing technologies. The product and program needs of the company’s government and commercial customers change and evolve regularly. Accordingly,
General Dynamics’ future performance depends in part on its ability to identify emerging technological trends, develop and manufacture competitive products, and bring those products to market quickly at cost-effective prices. In addition,
because of the highly specialized nature of the company’s business, it must be able to hire and retain the skilled and appropriately qualified personnel necessary to perform the services required by its customers. If the company is unable to
develop new products that meet customers’ changing needs or successfully attract and retain qualified personnel, future sales and earnings may be adversely affected. 

Developing new technologies entails significant risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by indemnity or insurance. While the company maintains insurance for some business risks, it is not practicable to
obtain coverage to protect against all operational risks and liabilities. Where permitted by applicable laws, the company seeks indemnification from the U.S. government. In addition, the company generally seeks limitation of potential liability
related to the sale and use of its homeland security products and services through qualification by the Department of Homeland Security under the SAFETY Act provisions of the Homeland Security Act of 2002. The company may elect to provide products
or services even in instances where it is unable to obtain such indemnification or qualification. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on management’s expectations, estimates, projections and
assumptions. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “believes,” “scheduled,” “estimates” and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. These include but are not limited to projections of revenues, earnings, segment performance, cash flows, contract awards, aircraft production, deliveries and backlog stability. Forward-looking statements are made pursuant
to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual
future results and trends may differ materially from what is forecast in forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation, the risk factors discussed in this section. 

All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or, in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that
document. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the company or any person acting on the company’s behalf are qualified by the cautionary statements in this section. The company does not undertake any
obligation to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances or changes in expectations after the date of this report.