The
following discussion of risk factors contains “forward-looking statements,” as discussed in Item 1. “Business”. These risk factors may be important to understanding any statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or
elsewhere. The following information should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” (MD&A), and the consolidated financial
statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. 

Our businesses
routinely encounter and address risks, some of which will cause our future results to be different – sometimes materially different – than we presently anticipate. Discussion about important operational risks that our businesses encounter
can be found in the MD&A section and in the business descriptions in Item 1. “Business” of this Form 10-K Report. Below, we describe certain important operational and strategic risks. Our reactions to material future developments
as well as our competitors’ reactions to those developments will affect our future results. 

Our global growth is subject to economic and
political risks. 

We conduct our operations in virtually every part of the world. In 2010, approximately 53% of our revenue was attributable to
activities outside the United States. Our operations are subject to the effects of global competition. They are also affected by local economic environments, including inflation, recession and currency volatility. Political changes, some of which
may be disruptive, can interfere with our supply chain, our customers and all of our activities in a particular location. While some of these risks can be hedged using derivatives or other financial instruments and some are insurable, such attempts
to mitigate these risks are costly and not always successful, and our ability to engage in such mitigation has decreased or become even more costly as a result of more volatile market conditions. 

(15) 

Table of Contents

We are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations that may change in significant ways. 

Our businesses are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies. There can be no assurance that
laws and regulations will not be changed in ways that will require us to modify our business models and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs or
prohibiting them outright. In particular, U.S. and non-U.S. governments are undertaking a substantial review and revision of the regulation and supervision of bank and non-bank financial institutions, consumer lending, the over-the-counter
derivatives market and tax laws and regulations, which may have an effect on GE Capital’s structure, operations, liquidity and performance. We are also subject to a number of trade control laws and regulations that may affect our ability to
sell our products in global markets. In addition, we are subject to regulatory risks from laws that reduce the allowable lending rate or limit consumer borrowing, local capital requirements that may increase the risk of not being able to retrieve
assets, and changes to tax law that may affect our return on investments. For example, GE’s effective tax rate is reduced because active business income earned and indefinitely reinvested outside the United States is taxed at less than the U.S.
rate. A significant portion of this reduction depends upon a provision of U.S. tax law that defers the imposition of U.S. tax on certain active financial services income until that income is repatriated to the United States as a dividend. This
provision is consistent with international tax norms and permits U.S. financial services companies to compete more effectively with non-U.S. banks and other non-U.S. financial institutions in global markets. This provision, which expires at the end
of 2011, has been scheduled to expire and has been extended by Congress on six previous occasions, including in December of 2010, but there can be no assurance that it will continue to be extended. In the event the provision is not extended after
2011, the current U.S. tax imposed on active financial services income earned outside the United States would increase, making it more difficult for U.S. financial services companies to compete in global markets. If this provision is not extended,
we expect our effective tax rate to increase significantly after 2012. In addition, efforts by public and private sectors to control the growth of healthcare costs may lead to lower reimbursements and increased utilization controls related to the
use of our products by healthcare providers. Increased government regulatory scrutiny of medical devices, including reviews of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) device pre-market authorization process, may impact the requirements for
marketing our products and slow our ability to introduce new products, resulting in an adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, we have been, and expect to continue, participating in U.S. and international economic stimulus programs, which
require us to comply with strict governmental regulations. Inability to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our status in these projects and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks. 

We are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and legal compliance risks in virtually every part of the world. We, our representatives, and the industries in which we operate are at times being reviewed or
investigated by regulators, which could lead to enforcement actions, fines and penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages. Additionally, we and our subsidiaries are involved in a sizable number of remediation actions to
clean up hazardous wastes as required by federal and state laws. These include the dredging of polychlorinated biphenyls from a 40-mile stretch of the upper Hudson River in New York State, as described in Item 1. “Business” of this
Form 10-K Report. We are also subject to certain other legal proceedings described in Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” of this Form 10-K Report. While we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, the
global and diverse nature of our operations means that legal and compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, will arise from time to time.

(16) 

Table of Contents

The success of our business depends on achieving our objectives for strategic acquisitions, dispositions and joint
ventures. 

With respect to acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates at terms acceptable to us or
may not achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of various factors, including integration and collaboration challenges, such as personnel and technology. We will continue to evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses
that may no longer help us meet our objectives. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of
our strategic objectives. Alternatively, we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less than we had anticipated. Even upon reaching an agreement with a buyer or seller for the acquisition or disposition of a business, we are
subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as to necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, which may prevent us from completing the transaction. 

Sustained increases in costs of pension and healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability. 

Our results of
operations may be positively or negatively affected by the amount of income or expense we record for our defined benefit pension plans. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) require that we calculate income or expense for the plans
using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. The most significant year-end assumptions we used to estimate
pension income or expense for 2011 are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets. In addition, we are required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant
change to equity through a reduction or increase to Accumulated gains (losses) – net, Benefit plans. At the end of 2010, the GE Pension Plan was underfunded by $2.8 billion, and the GE Supplementary Pension Plan, an unfunded plan, had a
projected benefit obligation of $4.4 billion. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension plan accounting policies, see Critical Accounting Estimates – Pension Assumptions in Part II, Item 7.
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form
10-K Report. Although GAAP expense and pension funding contributions are not directly related, key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we would contribute to pension plans as required under the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). Failure to achieve expected returns on plan assets could also result in an increase to the amount of cash we would be required to contribute to pension plans. In addition, upward pressure on the cost
of providing healthcare benefits to current employees and retirees may increase future funding obligations. Although we have actively sought to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost
increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce our profitability. 

Conditions in the financial and credit markets may affect the availability
and cost of GE Capital funding. 

A large portion of GE Capital’s borrowings is in the form of commercial paper and long-term debt. GE
Capital’s outstanding commercial paper and long-term debt was $37 billion and $350 billion as of December 31, 2010, respectively. We continue to rely on the availability of the unsecured debt markets to access funding for term maturities
for 2011 and beyond. In addition, we rely on the availability of the commercial paper markets to refinance maturing commercial paper debt throughout the year. In order to further diversify our funding sources, we also plan to expand our reliance on
alternative sources of funding, including bank deposits, securitizations and other asset-based funding. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in diversifying our funding sources or that the short and long-term credit markets will be
available or, if available, that the cost of funding will not substantially increase and affect the overall profitability of GE Capital. Factors that may cause an increase in our funding costs include: a decreased reliance on short-term funding,
such as commercial paper, in favor of longer-term funding arrangements; decreased capacity and increased competition among debt issuers; and increased competition for deposits in our affiliate banks’ markets. If GE Capital’s cost of
funding were to increase, it may adversely affect its competitive position and result in lower lending margins, earnings and cash flows as well as lower returns on its shareowner’s equity and invested capital. 

(17) 

Table of Contents

If conditions in the financial markets deteriorate, it may adversely affect the business and results of operations
of GE Capital. 

Increased payment defaults and foreclosures and sustained levels of high unemployment have resulted in significant write-downs of
asset values by financial institutions, including GE Capital. If these conditions continue or worsen, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover fully the value of certain assets, including goodwill, intangibles and tax assets. In
addition, although we have established allowances for losses in GE Capital’s portfolio of financing receivables that we believe are adequate, further deterioration in the economy and in default and recovery rates could require us to
increase these allowances and write-offs, which, depending on the amount of the increase, could have a material adverse effect on our
 business
, financial position and results of operations. To reduce GE’s exposure to volatile
conditions in the financial markets and rebalance the relative size of its financial and industrial businesses, we decided to reduce the size of GE Capital, as measured by its ending net investment. While we are currently ahead of our reduction
targets, there can be no assurance that we will be able to timely execute on our reduction targets and failure to do so would result in greater exposure to financial markets than contemplated under our strategic funding plan or may result in the
need for us to make additional contributions to GE Capital. 

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect GE Capital.

GE Capital has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial
services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose GE Capital to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty or client. In addition, GE
Capital’s credit risk may be increased when the collateral held cannot be realized upon sale or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to it. GE Capital also has exposure to
these financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments held in its investment portfolios. GE Capital has policies relating to initial credit rating requirements and to exposure limits to counterparties (as described in Note 22 to the
consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report), which are designed to limit credit and liquidity risk. There can be no assurance, however, that any losses
or impairments to the carrying value of financial assets would not materially and adversely affect GE Capital’s business, financial position and results of operations. 

The real estate markets in which GE Capital participates are highly uncertain, which may adversely affect GE Capital’s business, financial position and results of operations. 

GE Capital participates in the commercial real estate market in two ways: it provides financing for the acquisition, refinancing and renovation of various types of