The following discussion of risk factors contains “forward-looking statements,” as discussed in Item 1. “Business”. These risk factors may be important to understanding any statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following information should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” (MD&A), and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report.

Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which will cause our future results to be different – sometimes materially different – than we presently anticipate. Discussion about important operational risks that our businesses encounter can be found in the MD&A section and in the business descriptions in Item 1. “Business” of this Form 10-K Report. Below, we describe certain important operational and strategic risks. Our reactions to material future developments as well as our competitors’ reactions to those developments will affect our future results.

Our growth is subject to global economic and political risks.

We operate in virtually every part of the world and serve customers in more than 100 countries. In 2012, approximately 52% of our revenue was attributable to activities outside the United States.  Our operations are subject to the effects of global competition and geopolitical risks.  They are also affected by local economic environments, including inflation, recession, currency volatility and actual or anticipated default on sovereign debt. Political changes, some of which may be disruptive, can interfere with our supply chain, our customers and all of our activities in a particular location.  While some of these global economic and political risks can be hedged using derivatives or other financial instruments and some are insurable, such attempts to mitigate these risks are costly and not always successful, and our ability to engage in such mitigation may decrease or become even more costly as a result of more volatile market conditions.   

We are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and government policies that may change in significant ways.

Our businesses are subject to regulation under a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. laws, regulations and policies. There can be no assurance that laws, regulations and policies will not be changed in ways that will require us to modify our business models and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs or prohibiting them outright. In particular, U.S. and non-U.S. governments are undertaking a substantial revision of the regulation and supervision of bank and non-

(14)

bank financial institutions, consumer lending, the over-the-counter derivatives market and tax laws and regulations, which changes may have an effect on GE’s and GE Capital’s structure, operations, liquidity, capital requirements, effective tax rate and performance. For example, under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, GE Capital is subject to prudential oversight by the Federal Reserve, which subjects us to increased and evolving regulatory requirements. We are also subject to a number of trade control laws and regulations that may affect our ability to sell our products in global markets. In addition, we are subject to regulatory risks from laws that reduce the allowable lending rate or limit consumer borrowing, local capital requirements that may increase the risk of not being able to retrieve assets, and changes to tax law that may affect our return on investments. For example, GE’s effective tax rate is reduced because active business income earned and indefinitely reinvested outside the United States is taxed at less than the U.S. rate. A significant portion of this reduction depends upon a provision of U.S. tax law that defers the imposition of U.S. tax on certain active financial services income until that income is repatriated to the United States as a dividend. This provision is consistent with international tax norms and permits U.S. financial services companies to compete more effectively with non-U.S. financial institutions in global markets. This provision, which had expired at the end of 2011, was reinstated in January 2013 retroactively for two years through the end of 2013. This provision also had been scheduled to expire and had been extended by Congress on six previous occasions, but there can be no assurance that it will continue to be extended. In the event the provision is not extended after 2013, the current U.S. tax imposed on active financial services income earned outside the United States would increase, making it more difficult for U.S. financial services companies to compete in global markets. If this provision is not extended, we expect our effective tax rate to increase significantly after 2014. In addition, efforts by public and private sectors to control the growth of healthcare costs may lead to lower reimbursements and increased utilization controls related to the use of our products by healthcare providers. Continued government scrutiny, including reviews of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) medical device pre-market authorization and post-market surveillance processes, may impact the requirements for marketing our products and slow our ability to introduce new products, resulting in an adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, we have been, and expect to continue, participating in U.S. and international governmental programs, which require us to comply with strict governmental regulations. Inability to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our status in these projects and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.

We are subject to legal proceedings and legal compliance risks.

We are subject to a variety of legal proceedings and legal compliance risks in virtually every part of the world. We, our representatives, and the industries in which we operate are at times being reviewed or investigated by regulators and other governmental authorities, which could lead to enforcement actions, fines and penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages. Additionally, we and our subsidiaries are involved in a sizable number of remediation actions to clean up hazardous wastes as required by federal and state laws. These include the dredging of polychlorinated biphenyls from a 40-mile stretch of the upper Hudson River in New York State, as described in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report. We are also subject to certain other legal proceedings described in Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” of this Form 10-K Report. While we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, the global and diverse nature of our operations means that legal and compliance risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies, the outcome of which cannot be predicted with certainty, will arise from time to time.

The success of our business depends on achieving our strategic objectives, including through acquisitions, joint ventures, dispositions and restructurings.

With respect to acquisitions, joint ventures and restructuring actions, we may not achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of various factors, including integration and collaboration challenges, such as personnel and technology. In addition, we may not achieve anticipated cost savings from restructuring actions, which could result in lower margin rates. We also participate in a number of joint ventures with other companies or government enterprises in various markets around the world, including joint ventures where we may have a lesser degree of control over the business operations, which may expose us to additional operational, financial, legal or compliance risks. We also continue to evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses that may no longer help us meet our objectives. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic 

(15)

objectives. Alternatively, we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less than we had anticipated. After reaching an agreement with a buyer or seller for the acquisition or disposition of a business, we are subject to satisfaction of pre-closing conditions as well as to necessary regulatory and governmental approvals on acceptable terms, which may prevent us from completing the transaction. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in the divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations. Under these arrangements, performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside our control could affect our future financial results.

Sustained increases in costs of pension and healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability.

Our results of operations may be positively or negatively affected by the amount of income or expense we record for our defined benefit pension plans. U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. These valuations reflect assumptions about financial market and other economic conditions, which may change based on changes in key economic indicators. The most significant year-end assumptions we use to estimate pension expense for 2013 are the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return on the plan assets. In addition, we are required to make an annual measurement of plan assets and liabilities, which may result in a significant change to equity through a reduction or increase to Accumulated gains (losses) – net, Benefit plans. At the end of 2012, the GE Pension Plan was underfunded, on a U.S. GAAP basis, by $13.3 billion, and the GE Supplementary Pension Plan, an unfunded plan, had a projected benefit obligation of $5.5 billion. For a discussion regarding how our financial statements can be affected by pension plan accounting policies, see Critical Accounting Estimates – Pension Assumptions in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report. Although GAAP expense and pension funding contributions are not directly related, key economic factors that affect GAAP expense would also likely affect the amount of cash we would contribute to pension plans as required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA). Failure to achieve expected returns on plan assets driven by various factors, which could include a continued environment of low interest rates or sustained market volatility, could also result in an increase to the amount of cash we would be required to contribute to pension plans. In addition, upward pressure on the cost of providing healthcare benefits to current employees and retirees may increase future funding obligations. Although we have actively sought to control increases in these costs, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting cost increases, and continued upward pressure could reduce our profitability.

Conditions in the financial and credit markets may affect the availability and cost of funding.

As disclosed in more detail in the Liquidity and Borrowings section in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of this Form 10-K Report, a large portion of our borrowings is in the form of commercial paper and long-term debt. We continue to rely on the availability of the unsecured debt markets to access funding for term and commercial paper maturities for 2013 and beyond and to fund our operations without incurring additional U.S. tax. In addition, we rely on the availability of the commercial paper markets to refinance maturing commercial paper debt throughout the year. In order to further diversify our funding sources, GE Capital continues to expand its reliance on alternative sources of funding, including bank deposits, securitizations and other asset-based funding. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in increasing the diversification of our funding sources or that the short and long-term credit markets will be available or, if available, that the cost of funding will not substantially increase and affect our overall profitability. Factors that may affect the availability of funding or cause an increase in our funding costs include: a decreased reliance on short-term funding, such as commercial paper, in favor of longer-term funding arrangements; decreased capacity and increased competition among debt issuers; increased competition for deposits in our affiliate banks’ markets; and potential market disruptions or other impacts arising in the United States or Europe from developments in sovereign debt situations. If GE Capital’s cost of funding were to increase, it may adversely affect its competitive position and result in lower net interest margins, earnings and cash flows as well as lower returns on its shareowner’s equity and invested capital.

If conditions in the financial markets deteriorate, they may adversely affect the business and results of operations of GE Capital as well as the soundness of financial institutions and governments we deal with.

If conditions in the financial markets deteriorate, there can be no assurance that we will be able to recover fully the value of certain assets, including goodwill, intangibles and tax assets. In addition, deterioration in the economy and in default and recovery rates could require us to increase allowances for loan losses, impairments or write-offs, which, 

(16)

depending on the amount of the increase, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.

In addition, GE Capital has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, including sovereign governments, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose GE Capital to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty or client. In addition, GE Capital’s credit risk may be increased when the value of collateral held cannot be realized through sale or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to it. GE Capital also has exposure to these financial institutions in the form of cash on deposit and unsecured debt instruments held in its investment portfolios. GE Capital has policies relating to credit rating requirements and to exposure limits to counterparties (as described in Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report), which are designed to limit credit and liquidity risk. There can be no assurance, however, that any losses or impairments to the carrying value of financial assets would not materially and adversely affect GE Capital’s business, financial position and results of operations.

The real estate markets in which GE Capital participates are highly dependent on economic conditions, the deterioration of which may adversely affect GE Capital’s business, financial position and results of operations.

GE Capital participates in the commercial real estate market in two ways: it provides financing for the acquisition, refinancing and renovation of various types of properties, and, in a limited number of markets, it also acquires equity positions in various types of properties or real estate investments. The profitability of real estate investments is largely dependent upon the economic conditions in specific geographic markets in which the properties are located and the perceived value of those markets at the time of sale. The level of transactions for real estate assets continues to remain below historical norms in several markets in which GE Capital operates. High levels of unemployment, slowdown in business activity, excess inventory capacity and limited availability of credit may continue to adversely affect the value of real estate assets and collateral to real estate loans GE Capital holds. Under current market and credit conditions, there can be no assurance as to the level of sales GE Capital will complete or the net sales proceeds it will realize. Also, occupancy rates and market rent levels may worsen, which may result in impairments to the carrying value of equity investments or increases in the allowance for loan losses on commercial real estate loans.

GE Capital is also a residential mortgage lender in certain geographic markets outside the United States that have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by declines in real estate values and home sale volumes, job losses, government austerity measures and mandated programs, consumer bankruptcies and other factors that may negatively impact the credit performance of our mortgage loans. Our allowance for loan losses on these mortgage loans is based on our analysis of current and historical delinquency, property values and loan performance, as well as other management assumptions that may be inaccurate predictors of credit performance in this environment. There can be no assurance that, in this environment, credit performance will not be materially worse than anticipated and, as a result, materially and adversely affect GE Capital’s business, financial position and results of operations.

Failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.

The major debt rating agencies routinely evaluate our debt. This evaluation is based on a number of factors, which include financial strength as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. As of December 31, 2012, GE and GECC’s long-term unsecured debt credit rating from Standard and Poor’s Ratings Service (S&P) was AA+ (the second highest of 22 rating categories) with a stable outlook. The long-term unsecured debt credit rating from Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) for GE was Aa3 (the fourth highest of 21 rating categories) and for GECC was A1 (the fifth highest of 21 credit ratings), both with stable outlooks. As of December 31, 2012, GE and GECC’s short-term credit rating from S&P was A-1+ (the highest rating category of six categories) and from Moody’s was P-1 (the highest rating category of four categories). There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings and failure to do so could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets. Various debt and derivative instruments, guarantees and 

(17)

covenants would require posting additional capital or collateral in the event of a ratings downgrade, which, depending on the extent of the downgrade, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and capital position.

Current conditions in the global economy and the major industries we serve also may materially and adversely affect the business and results of operations of our non-financial businesses.

The business and operating results of our industrial businesses have been, and will continue to be, affected by worldwide economic conditions, including conditions in the air and rail transportation, energy generation, healthcare, home building and other major industries we serve. As a result of slower global economic growth, the credit market crisis, declining consumer and business confidence, continued high unemployment levels, reduced levels of capital expenditures, fluctuating commodity prices, bankruptcies, government deficit reduction and austerity measures, including sequestrations, and other challenges affecting the global economy, some of our government and non-government customers have experienced deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages, and difficulty obtaining financing. As a result, existing or potential customers may delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and services, including large infrastructure projects, and may not be able to fulfill their obligations to us in a timely fashion. In particular, the airline industry is highly cyclical, and the level of demand for air travel is correlated to the strength of the U.S. and international economies. An extended period of slow growth in the U.S. or internationally that results in the loss of business and leisure traffic could have a material adverse effect on our airline customers and the viability of their business. Service contract cancellations or customer dynamics such as early aircraft retirements could affect our ability to fully recover our contract costs and estimated earnings. Further, our vendors may be experiencing similar conditions, which may impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. If slower growth in the global economy continues for a significant period or there is additional significant deterioration in the global economy, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Increased IT security requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions, services and data. 

Increased global IT security vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted IT-related attacks pose a risk to the security of our and our customers’ and suppliers’ systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. While we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to additional known or unknown threats. We also may have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Despite our efforts to protect sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, our facilities and systems and those of our customers, suppliers and third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors that could potentially lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations.

We may face operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position and results of operations, and we are dependent on maintenance of existing product lines, market acceptance of new product introductions and product innovations for continued revenue growth.

We produce highly sophisticated products and provide specialized services for both our and third-party products that incorporate or use leading-edge technology, including both hardware and software. While we have built extensive operational processes to ensure that the design, manufacture and servicing of such products meet the most rigorous quality standards, there can be no assurance that we or our customers or other third parties will not experience operational process failures or other problems, including through intentional acts, that could result in potential product, safety, regulatory or environmental risks. Such operational failures or quality issues could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial position and results of operations. In addition, the markets in which we operate are subject to technological change and require skilled talent. Our long-term operating results depend substantially upon our ability to continually develop, introduce, and market new and innovative products, to modify existing products, to customize products, to respond to technological change and to execute our product development in line with our projected cost estimates.

(18)

Our intellectual property portfolio may not prevent competitors from independently developing products and services similar to or duplicative to ours.

Our patents and other intellectual property may not prevent competitors from independently developing or selling products and services similar to or duplicative of ours, and there can be no assurance that the resources invested by us to protect our intellectual property will be sufficient or that our intellectual property portfolio will adequately deter misappropriation or improper use of our technology. We could also face competition in some countries where we have not invested in an intellectual property portfolio. We also face attempts by third-parties to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems for the purpose of improperly acquiring our trade secrets or confidential business information. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our competitive position and the value of our investment in research and development. In addition, we may be the target of aggressive and opportunistic enforcement of patents by third parties, including non-practicing entities. Regardless of the merit of such claims, responding to infringement claims can be expensive and time-consuming. If GE is found to infringe any third-party rights, we could be required to pay substantial damages or we could be enjoined from offering some of our products and services. Also, there can be no assurances that we will be able to obtain or re-new from third parties the licenses we need in the future, and there is no assurance that such licenses can be obtained on reasonable terms.

Significant raw material shortages, supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions, supplier quality and sourcing issues or price increases could increase our operating costs and adversely impact the competitive positions of our products.

Our reliance on third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers and service providers, and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials, parts, components, systems and services. Some of these suppliers or their sub-suppliers are limited- or sole-source suppliers. A disruption in deliveries from our third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers or service providers, capacity constraints, production disruptions, price increases, or decreased availability of raw materials or commodities, including as a result of catastrophic events, could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our commitments to customers or increase our operating costs. Quality and sourcing issues experienced by third-party providers can also adversely affect the quality and effectiveness of our products and services and result in liability and reputational harm.