The
 following discussion of risk factors contains “forward-looking statements,” as
 discussed in Item 1. These risk factors may be important to understanding
 any
 statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following
 information should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis (MD&A), and the consolidated financial statements and related notes
 incorporated by reference in this report. 

Our
 businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which will cause
 our
 future results to be different 
-

 sometimes materially different 
-

 than we presently anticipate. Discussion about the important operational
 risks
 that our businesses encounter can be found in the MD&A section of our 2005
 Annual Report to Shareowners and in the business descriptions in Item 1.
 of this
 Form 10-K. Below, we have described our present view of certain important
 strategic risks. Our reactions to material future developments as well as
 our
 competitors’ reactions to those developments will determine our future results.

Our
 global growth is subject to a number of economic, political and regulatory
 risks

We
 conduct our operations in virtually every part of the world. Global economic
 and
 regulatory developments affect businesses such as ours in many ways. Operations
 are subject to the effects of global competition. Particular local jurisdiction
 risks include regulatory risks arising from local laws and from local liquidity
 regulations, including risks of not being able to retrieve assets. Our global
 business is affected by local economic environments, including inflation,
 recession and currency volatility. Political changes, some of which may be
 disruptive, can interfere with our supply chain, our customers and all of
 our
 activities in a particular location. While some of these risks can be hedged
 using derivatives or other financial instruments and some are insurable,
 such
 attempts to mitigate these risks are costly and not always successful.

Our
 credit ratings are important to our cost of capital

The
 major debt agencies routinely evaluate our debt and have given their highest
 debt ratings to us. One of our strategic objectives is to maintain these
“Triple
 A” ratings as they serve to lower our borrowing costs and facilitate our access
 to a variety of lenders. Failure to maintain our Triple A debt rating could
 adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins. 

The
 disposition of businesses that do not fit with our evolving strategy can
 be
 highly uncertain

We
 will continue to evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses
 that may no longer help us meet our objectives. Our decisions to sell
 Genworth and GE Insurance Solutions are recent examples of disposition
 decisions. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter
 difficulty in finding buyers or alternative exit strategies on acceptable
 terms
 in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic
 objectives, or we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms which
 are
 less than we had anticipated. In addition, there is a risk that we sell a
 business whose subsequent performance exceeds our expectations, in which
 case
 our decision would have potentially sacrificed enterprise value.
 Correspondingly, we may be too optimistic about a particular business’s
 prospects, in which case we may be unable to find a buyer at a price acceptable
 to us and therefore may have potentially sacrificed enterprise
 value.

 (16)