The
 following discussion of risk factors contains “forward-looking statements,” as
 discussed in Item 1. These risk factors may be important to understanding any
 statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or elsewhere. The following
 information should be read in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis (MD&A), and the consolidated financial statements and related notes
 incorporated by reference in this report. 

Our
 businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which will cause
 our
 future results to be different 
-

 sometimes materially different 
-

 than we presently anticipate. Discussion
 about important operational risks that our businesses encounter can be found
 in
 the MD&A section of our 2006 Annual Report to Shareowners and in the
 business descriptions in Item 1. of this Form 10-K. Below, we have
 described certain important strategic risks. Our reactions to material future
 developments as well as our competitors’ reactions to those developments will
 determine our future results.

Our
 global growth is subject to a number of economic and political
 risks

We
 conduct our operations in virtually every part of the world. Global economic
 developments affect businesses such as ours in many ways. Operations are subject
 to the effects of global competition. Our global business is affected by local
 economic environments, including inflation, recession and currency volatility.
 Political changes, some of which may be disruptive, can interfere with our
 supply chain, our customers and all of our activities in a particular location.
 While some of these risks can be hedged using derivatives or other financial
 instruments and some are insurable, such attempts to mitigate these risks are
 costly and not always successful. 

Our
 credit ratings are important to our cost of capital

The
 major debt agencies routinely evaluate our debt and have given their highest
 debt ratings to us. One of our strategic objectives is to maintain these “Triple
 A” ratings as they serve to lower our borrowing costs and facilitate our access
 to a variety of lenders. Failure to maintain our Triple A debt rating could
 adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins. 

 (16)

The
 success of our business depends on achieving our objectives for strategic
 acquisitions and dispositions 

With
 respect to acquisitions and mergers, we may not be able to identify suitable
 candidates at terms acceptable to us, or may not achieve expected returns and
 other benefits as a result of integration challenges, such as personnel and
 technology. We will continue to evaluate the potential disposition of assets
 and
 businesses that may no longer help us meet our objectives. When we decide to
 sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or
 alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could
 delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or we may dispose of
 a
 business at a price or on terms, which are less than we had anticipated. In
 addition, there is a risk that we sell a business whose subsequent performance
 exceeds our expectations, in which case our decision would have potentially
 sacrificed enterprise value. Correspondingly, we may be too optimistic about
 a
 particular business’s prospects, in which case we may be unable to find a buyer
 at a price acceptable to us and therefore may have potentially sacrificed
 enterprise value.

We
 are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations

Our
 businesses are subject to regulation by U.S. federal and state laws and foreign
 laws, regulations and policies. Changes to laws or regulations may even require
 us to modify our business objectives if existing practices become more
 restricted, subject to escalating costs or prohibited outright. Particular
 risks
 include regulatory risks arising from local laws, such as laws which reduce
 the
 allowable lending rate or limit consumer borrowing, and from local liquidity
 regulations, that may increase the risks of not being able to retrieve assets
 and changes to tax law which may affect our return on investments. Our business
 and the industries in which we operate are also at times being reviewed or
 investigated by regulators, which could lead to enforcement actions, fines
 and
 penalties or the assertion of private litigation claims and damages.

Changes
 in the real estate markets are highly uncertain

We
 provide financing for the acquisition, refinancing and renovation of various
 types of properties. We also consider opportunities to buy and sell properties
 which may result in significant outlays or proceeds of cash, either individually
 or in the aggregate. The profitability of real estate investments is largely
 dependent upon the specific geographic market in which they are located and
 the
 perceived value of that market at the time of sale. We may have difficulty
 optimizing that mix and such activity may vary significantly from one year
 to
 the next.

 (17)