.

The
following discussion of risk factors contains “forward-looking statements,” as
discussed in Item 1. “Business”. These risk factors may be important to
understanding any statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or elsewhere. The
following information should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7.
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” (MD&A), and the consolidated financial statements and related
notes in Part II, Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this
Form 10-K Report.

Our
businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which will cause our
future results to be different - sometimes materially different - than we
presently anticipate. Discussion about important operational risks that our
businesses encounter can be found in the MD&A section and in the business
descriptions in Item 1. “Business” of this Form 10-K Report. Below, we describe
certain important operational and strategic risks. Our reactions to material
future developments as well as our competitors’ reactions to those developments
will affect our future results.

 (12)

The
unprecedented conditions in the financial and credit markets may affect the
availability and cost of GE Capital’s funding.

The
financial and credit markets have been experiencing unprecedented levels of
volatility and disruption, putting downward pressure on financial and other
asset prices generally and on the credit availability for certain issuers. The
U.S. Government and the Federal Reserve Bank recently created a number of
programs to help stabilize credit markets and financial institutions and restore
liquidity. Many non-U.S. governments have also created or announced similar
measures for institutions in their respective countries. These programs have
improved conditions in the credit and financial markets, but there can be no
assurance that these programs, individually or collectively, will continue to
have beneficial effects on the markets overall, or will resolve the credit or
liquidity issues of companies that participate in the programs.

A large
portion of GE Capital’s borrowings have been issued in the commercial paper and
term debt markets. GE Capital has continued to issue commercial paper and, as
planned, has reduced its outstanding commercial paper balance to $67 billion at
the end of 2008. GE Capital has also issued term debt, mainly debt guaranteed by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Temporary Liquidity
Guarantee Program (TLGP) and, to a lesser extent, on a non-guaranteed basis.
Although the commercial paper and term debt markets have remained available to
GE Capital to fund its operations and debt maturities, there can be no assurance
that such markets will continue to be available or, if available, that the cost
of such funding will not substantially increase. If current levels of market
disruption and volatility continue or worsen, or if we cannot further reduce GE
Capital’s asset levels as planned in 2009, we would seek to repay commercial
paper and term debt as it becomes due or to meet our other liquidity needs by
using the Federal Reserve’s Commercial Paper Funding Facility (CPFF) and the
TLGP, applying the net proceeds of our October 2008 equity offering and the
investment by Berkshire Hathaway Inc., drawing upon contractually committed
lending agreements primarily provided by global banks and/or seeking other
sources of funding. There can be no assurance, however, that the TLGP and the
CPFF will be extended beyond their scheduled expiration, or that, under such
extreme market conditions, contractually committed lending agreements and other
funding sources would be available or sufficient.

Our 2009
funding plan anticipates approximately $45 billion of senior, unsecured
long-term debt issuance. In January 2009, we completed issuances of $11.0
billion of funding under the TLGP. We also issued $5.1 billion in non-guaranteed
senior, unsecured debt with a maturity of 30 years under the non-guarantee
option of the TLGP. These issuances, along with the $13.4 billion of pre-funding
done in December 2008, bring our aggregate issuances to $29.5 billion or 66% of
our anticipated 2009 funding plan. Additionally, we anticipate that we will be
90% complete with our 2009 funding plan by June 30, 2009.

Difficult
conditions in the financial services markets have materially and adversely
affected the business and results of operations of GE Capital and we do not
expect these conditions to improve in the near future.

Dramatic
declines in the housing market, with falling home prices and increasing
foreclosures and unemployment, have resulted in significant write-downs of asset
values by financial institutions, including government-sponsored entities and
major commercial and investment banks. These write-downs, initially of
mortgage-backed securities but spreading to credit default swaps and other
derivative securities, have caused many financial institutions to seek
additional capital, to merge with other institutions and, in some cases, to
fail. Many lenders and institutional investors have reduced and, in some cases,
ceased to provide funding to borrowers including other financial institutions.
This market turmoil and tightening of credit have led to an increased level of
commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence, increased
market volatility and widespread reduction of business activity generally. If
these conditions continue or worsen, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to recover fully the value of certain assets such as goodwill and
intangibles. In addition, although we have established
allowances for losses in GE Capital’s portfolio of financing receivables that we
believe are adequate, significant and unexpected further deterioration in the
economy and in default and recovery rates could require us to increase these
allowances and write-offs, which, depending on the amount of the increase, could
have a material adverse effect on our
 business
, financial position and
results of operations.

 (13)

The
soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect GE
Capital.

GE
Capital has exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and
routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services
industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and
other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose GE Capital to
credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty or client. In addition,
GE Capital’s credit risk may be increased when the collateral held by it cannot
be realized upon sale or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the
full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to it. GE Capital also has
exposure to these financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt
instruments held in its investment portfolios. GE Capital has policies relating
to initial credit rating requirements and to exposure limits to counterparties
(as described in Note 29 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II,
Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K Report),
which mitigate credit and liquidity risk. There can be no assurance, however,
that any losses or impairments to the carrying value of financial assets would
not materially and adversely affect GE Capital’s business, financial position
and results of operations.

The
real estate markets in which GE Capital participates are highly
uncertain.

GE
Capital participates in the commercial real estate market in two ways: it
provides financing for the acquisition, refinancing and renovation of various
types of properties and it also acquires an equity position in various types of