Our future operating results could differ materially from the results described in this report due to the risks and uncertainties related to our business,
including those discussed below. 

Our financial results are highly dependent on sales of Cerezyme. 

        We generate a significant portion of our revenue from sales of Cerezyme, our enzyme-replacement product for patients with Gaucher disease. Sales of Cerezyme
totaled $1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2007, representing approximately 30% of our total revenue. Because our business is highly dependent on Cerezyme, negative trends in
revenue from this product could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and cause the value of our securities to decline substantially. We will lose revenue if alternative
treatments gain commercial acceptance, if our marketing activities are restricted, or if reimbursement is limited. In addition, the patient population with Gaucher disease is not large. Because a
significant percentage of that population already uses Cerezyme, opportunities for future sales growth are constrained. Furthermore, changes in the methods for treating patients with Gaucher disease,
including treatment protocols that combine Cerezyme with other therapeutic products or reduce the amount of Cerezyme prescribed, could limit growth, or result in a decline, in Cerezyme sales. 

If we fail to increase sales of several existing products and services, we will not meet our financial goals. 

        Over the next few years, our success will depend substantially on our ability to increase revenue from our existing products and services. These products and
services include Renagel, Renvela, Synvisc, Synvisc-One, Fabrazyme, Myozyme, Hectorol, Thymoglobulin, Thyrogen, Clolar, Campath, Aldurazyme and diagnostic testing services. Our ability to increase
sales will depend on a number of factors, including: 

•

acceptance
by the medical community of each product or service;

•

the
availability of competing treatments that are deemed more efficacious, more convenient to use, or more cost effective;

•

our
ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to efficiently manufacture sufficient quantities of each product to meet demand and to do so in a cost efficient manner;

•

regulation
by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, commonly referred to as the FDA, and the European Agency for the Evaluation of Medicinal Products, or EMEA, and other
regulatory authorities of these products and the facilities and processes used to manufacture these products;

•

the
scope of the labeling approved by regulatory authorities for each product and competitive products;

•

the
effectiveness of our sales force;

•

the
availability and extent of coverage, pricing and level of reimbursement from governmental agencies and third party payors; and

•

the
size of the patient population for each product or service and our ability to identify new patients. 

        Part
of our growth strategy involves conducting additional clinical trials to support approval of expanded uses of some of our products, including Clolar and alemtuzumab, pursuing
marketing approval for our products in new jurisdictions and developing next generation products such as Renvela and Synvisc-One. The success of this component of our growth strategy will
depend on the outcome of 

F-51

these
additional clinical trials, the content and timing of our submissions to regulatory authorities and whether and when those authorities determine to grant approvals. 

        Because
the healthcare industry is extremely competitive and regulatory requirements are rigorous, we spend substantial funds marketing our products and attempting to expand approved
uses for them.
These expenditures depress near-term profitability, with no assurance that the expenditures will generate future profits that justify the expenditures. 

Our future success will depend on our ability to effectively develop and market our products and services against those of our competitors. 

        The human healthcare products and services industry is extremely competitive. Other organizations, including pharmaceutical, biotechnology, device and diagnostic
testing companies, have developed and are developing products and services to compete with our products, services, and product candidates. If healthcare providers, patients or payors prefer these
competitive products or services or these competitive products or services have superior safety, efficacy, pricing or reimbursement characteristics, we will have difficulty maintaining or increasing
the sales of our products and services. 

        Renagel
competes with two other products approved in the United States for the control of elevated phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney failure on hemodialysis. Fresenius
Medical Care markets PhosLo®, a calcium-based phosphate binder. Shire Pharmaceuticals Group plc, or Shire, markets Fosrenol®, a non-calcium based phosphate
binder. Amgen, Inc. recently acquired Ilypsa and its product candidate, ILY101, a polymeric phosphate binder that completed a phase 2 trial in CKD patients on dialysis. Renagel also
competes with over-the-counter calcium carbonate products such as TUMS® and metal-based options such as aluminum and magnesium. 

        UCB S.A.
has developed Zavesca®, a small molecule drug for the treatment of Gaucher disease, the disease addressed by Cerezyme. Zavesca has been approved in the United
States, European Union and Israel as an oral therapy for use in patients with mild to moderate Type 1 Gaucher disease for whom enzyme replacement therapy is unsuitable. In addition, Shire
reported top-line data from a phase 1/2 clinical trial for its gene-activated glucocerebrosidase program, also to treat Gaucher disease, and initiated phase 3
studies in July 2007. Protalix Biotherapeutics Ltd. initiated a phase 3 trial for plant-derived enzyme replacement therapy to treat Gaucher disease in the third quarter of 2007. Amicus
Therapeutics, Inc., or Amicus, is conducting phase 2 trials for oral chaperone medication to treat Gaucher disease. We are also aware of other development efforts aimed at treating
Gaucher disease. 

        Outside
the United States, Shire is marketing Replagal, a competitive enzyme replacement therapy for Fabry disease which is the disease addressed by Fabrazyme. In addition, while
Fabrazyme has received orphan drug designation, which provides us with seven years of market exclusivity for the product in the United States, other companies may seek to overcome our market
exclusivity and, if successful, compete with Fabrazyme in the United States. Amicus has initiated phase 2 trials for an oral chaperone medication to treat Fabry disease. We are aware of other
development efforts aimed at treating Fabry disease. 

        Current
competition for Synvisc and Synvisc-One includes Supartz®, a product manufactured by Seikagaku Kogyo that is sold in the United States by Smith & Nephew
Orthopaedics and in Japan by Kaken Pharmaceutical Co. under the name Artz®; Hyalgan®, produced by Fidia Farmaceutici S.p.A. and marketed in the United States by
Sanofi-Aventis; Orthovisc®, produced by Anika Therapeutics, Inc., and marketed in the United States by Johnson & Johnson's Mitek division and marketed outside the United
States through distributors; Euflexxa™, a product manufactured and sold by Ferring Pharmaceuticals and marketed in the United States and Europe; and Durolane®, manufactured by
Q-Med AB and distributed outside the United States by Smith & Nephew 

F-52

Orthopedics.
Durolane and Euflexxa are produced by bacterial fermentation, which may provide these products a competitive advantage over avian-sourced Synvisc and Synvisc-One. We are aware of various
viscosupplementation products on the market or in development, but are unaware of any products that have physical properties of viscosity, elasticity or molecular weight comparable to those of Synvisc
and Synvisc-One. Furthermore, several companies market products that are not viscosupplementation products but which are designed to relieve the pain associated with osteoarthritis. Synvisc and
Synvisc-One will have difficulty competing with any of these products to the extent the competitive products are considered more efficacious, less burdensome to administer or more
cost-effective. 

        Myozyme
has marketing exclusivity in the United States until 2013 and in the European Union until 2016 due to its orphan drug status. Amicus Therapeutics has completed two phase 1
clinical studies for a small molecule treatment for Pompe disease and has announced their plans to initiate a phase 2 clinical trial in early 2008. 

        Several
companies market products that, like Thymoglobulin, are used for the prevention and treatment of acute rejection in renal transplant. These products include Novartis'
Simulect® and Pfizer Inc.'s ATGAM®. Competition in the acute transplant rejection market is driven largely by product efficacy due to the potential decreased
long-term survival of transplanted organs as the result of an acute organ rejection episode. 

        The
examples above are illustrative and not exhaustive. Almost all of our products and services face competition. Furthermore, the field of biotechnology is characterized by significant
and rapid technological change. Discoveries by others may make our products or services obsolete. For example, competitors may develop approaches to treating LSDs that are more effective, convenient
or less expensive than our products and product candidates. Because a significant portion of our revenue is derived from products that address this class of diseases and a substantial portion of our
expenditures is devoted to developing new therapies for this class of diseases, such a development would have a material negative impact on our results of operations. 

If we fail to obtain and maintain adequate levels of reimbursement for our products from third party payors, the commercial potential of our products will be significantly
limited. 

        A substantial portion of our domestic and international revenue comes from payments by third party payors, including government health administration authorities
and private health insurers. Governments and other third party payors may not provide adequate insurance coverage or reimbursement for our products and services, which could impair our financial
results. 

        Third
party payors are increasingly scrutinizing pharmaceutical budgets and healthcare expenses and are attempting to contain healthcare costs by: 

•

challenging
the prices charged for healthcare products and services;

•

limiting
both the coverage and the amount of reimbursement for new therapeutic products;

•

reducing
existing reimbursement rates for commercialized products and services;

•

limiting
coverage for the treatment of a particular patient to a maximum dollar amount or specified period of time;

•

denying
or limiting coverage for products that are approved by the FDA or other governmental regulatory bodies but are considered experimental or investigational by third
party payors; and

•

refusing
in some cases to provide coverage when an approved product is used for disease indications in a way that has not received FDA or other applicable marketing
approval. 

        Attempts
by third party payors to reduce costs in any of these ways could decrease demand for our products. In addition, in certain countries, including countries in the European Union
and Canada, the 

F-53

coverage
of prescription drugs, the pricing, and the level of reimbursement are subject to governmental control. Therefore, we may be unable to negotiate coverage, pricing and/or reimbursement on
terms that are favorable to us. Government health administration authorities may also rely on analyses of the cost-effectiveness of certain therapeutic products in determining whether to
provide reimbursement for such products. Our ability to obtain satisfactory pricing and reimbursement may depend in part on whether our products, the cost of some of which is high in comparison to
other therapeutic products, are viewed as cost-effective. 

        Furthermore,
governmental regulatory bodies, such as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), may from time-to-time make unilateral changes to
reimbursement rates for our products and services. These changes could reduce our revenues by causing healthcare providers to be less willing to use our products and services. Although we actively
seek to assure that any initiatives that are undertaken by regulatory agencies involving reimbursement for our products and services do not have an adverse impact on us, we may not always be
successful in these efforts. 

The development of new biotechnology products involves a lengthy and complex process, and we may be unable to commercialize any of the products we are currently developing. 

        We have numerous products under development and devote considerable resources to research and development, including clinical trials. 

        Before
we can commercialize our development-stage product candidates, we will need to: 

•

conduct
substantial research and development;

•

undertake
preclinical and clinical testing;

•

develop
and scale-up manufacturing processes; and

•

pursue
marketing approvals and, in some jurisdictions, pricing and reimbursement approvals. 

        This
process involves a high degree of risk and takes many years. Our product development efforts with respect to a product candidate may fail for many reasons, including: 

•

failure
of the product candidate in preclinical studies;

•

difficulty
enrolling patients in clinical trials, particularly for disease indications with small patient populations;

•

patients
exhibiting adverse reactions to the product candidate or indications of other safety concerns;

•

insufficient
clinical trial data to support the effectiveness of the product candidate;

•

our
inability to manufacture sufficient quantities of the product candidate for development or commercialization activities in a timely and cost-efficient
manner;

•

our
failure to obtain the required regulatory approvals for the product candidate, the facilities or the process used to manufacture the product candidate; or

•

changes
in the regulatory environment, including pricing and reimbursement, that make development of a new product or indication no longer desirable. 

        Few
research and development projects result in commercial products, and success in preclinical studies or early clinical trials often is not replicated in later studies. For example, in
our phase 3 trial known as the Polymer Alternative for CDAD treatment (PACT) study, tolevamer did not meet its primary endpoint. In our pivotal study of hylastan for treatment of patients with
osteoarthritis of the knee, hylastan did not meet its primary endpoint. We may decide to abandon development of a product or service candidate at any time or we may be required to expend considerable
resources repeating 

F-54

clinical
trials or conducting additional trials, either of which would increase costs of development and delay any revenue from those product candidates. 

        Our
efforts to expand the approved indications for our products and to gain marketing approval in new jurisdictions and to develop next generation products also may fail. These expansion
efforts are subject to many of the risks associated with completely new products and accordingly, we may fail to recoup the investments we make pursuing these strategies. 

We may encounter substantial difficulties managing our growth. 

        Several risks are inherent to our plans to grow our business. Achieving our goals will require substantial investments in research and development, sales and
marketing, and facilities. For example, we have spent considerable resources building and seeking regulatory approvals for our manufacturing plants. We cannot assure you that these facilities will
prove sufficient to meet demand for our products or that we will not have excess capacity at these facilities. In addition, building our facilities is expensive, and our ability to recover these costs
will depend on increased revenue from the products produced at the facilities. 

        We
produce relatively small amounts of material for research and development activities and pre-clinical trials. Even if a product candidate receives all necessary approvals
for commercialization, we may not be able to successfully scale-up production of the product material at a reasonable cost or at all and we may not receive manufacturing approvals in
sufficient time to meet product demand. 

        If
we are able to grow sales of our products, we may have difficulty managing inventory levels. Marketing new therapies is a complicated process, and gauging future demand is difficult.
With Renagel, for example, we have encountered problems in the past managing inventory levels at wholesalers. Comparable problems may arise with any of our products, particularly during market
introduction. 

        Growth
in our business may also contribute to fluctuations in our operating results, which may cause the price of our securities to decline. Our revenue may fluctuate due to many
factors, including changes in: 

•

wholesaler
buying patterns;

•

reimbursement
rates;

•

physician
prescribing habits;

•

the
availability or pricing of competitive products; and

•

currency
exchange rates. 

        We
may also experience fluctuations in our quarterly results due to price changes and sales incentives. For example, purchasers of our products, particularly wholesalers, may increase
purchase orders in anticipation of a price increase and reduce order levels following the price increase. We occasionally offer sales incentives and promotional discounts on some of our products and
services that could have a similar impact. In addition, some of our products, including Synvisc, are subject to seasonal fluctuation in demand. 

Our operating results and financial position may be impacted when we attempt to grow through business combination transactions. 

        We may encounter problems assimilating operations acquired in business combination transactions. These transactions often entail the assumption of unknown
liabilities, the loss of key employees, and the diversion of management attention. Furthermore, in any business combination, including our acquisitions of AnorMED and Bioenvision, there is a
substantial risk that we will fail to realize the 

F-55

benefits
we anticipated when we decided to undertake the transaction. We have in the past taken significant charges for impaired goodwill and for impaired assets acquired in business combination
transactions. We may be required to take similar charges in the future. 

Manufacturing problems may cause product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls and unanticipated costs. 

        In order to generate revenue from our approved products, we must be able to produce sufficient quantities of the products. Many of our products are difficult to
manufacture. Our products that are biologics, for example, require product characterization steps that are more onerous than those required for most chemical pharmaceuticals. Accordingly, we employ
multiple steps to attempt to control the manufacturing processes. Minor deviations in these manufacturing processes could result in unacceptable changes in the products that result in lot failures,
product recalls, product liability claims and insufficient inventory. 

        Certain
of the raw materials required in the commercial manufacturing and the formulation of our products are derived from biological sources, including mammalian sources and human
plasma. Such raw materials may be subject to contamination or recall. Also, some countries in which we market our products may restrict the use of certain biologically derived substances in the
manufacture of drugs. A material shortage, contamination, recall, or restriction of the use of certain biologically derived substances in the manufacture of our products could adversely impact or
disrupt our commercial manufacturing of our products or could result in a mandated withdrawal of our products from the market. This too, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to satisfy demand
for our products, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 

        In
addition, we may only be able to produce certain of our products at a very limited number of facilities and, in some cases, we rely on third parties to formulate and manufacture our
products. For example, we manufacture all of our Cerezyme and a portion of our Fabrazyme and Myozyme products at our facility in Allston, Massachusetts. A number of factors could cause production
interruptions at our facilities or the facilities of our third party providers, including equipment malfunctions, labor
problems, natural disasters, power outages, terrorist activities, or disruptions in the operations of our suppliers. 

        Manufacturing
is also subject to extensive government regulation. Regulatory authorities must approve the facilities in which human healthcare products are produced and those facilities
are subject to ongoing inspections. In addition, changes in manufacturing processes may require additional regulatory approvals. Obtaining and maintaining these regulatory approvals could cause us to
incur significant additional costs and lose revenue. For example, we have had to transition U.S. Myozyme patients to a clinical access program because we have not yet received FDA approval of our
larger-scale manufacturing process for Myozyme. This has had an adverse effect on our revenues for the product and will continue to have an adverse effect until we receive regulatory approval.
Furthermore, any third party we use to manufacture, fill-finish or package our products to be sold must also be licensed by the applicable regulatory authorities. As a result, alternative
third party providers may not be readily available on a timely basis. 

        Additionally,
in 2007, we wrote off or reserved for $20.9 million worth of Thymoglobulin finished goods inventory for failure to meet our internal specifications for saleable
product. We will continue to closely monitor our inventory levels and intend to manage production to maintain adequate supply levels in 2008. 

F-56

Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products. 

        Professional societies, practice management groups, private health/science foundations, and organizations involved in various diseases may publish guidelines or
recommendations to the healthcare and patient communities from time to time. Recommendations of government agencies or these other groups/organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage,
route of administration, cost-effectiveness, and use of related therapies. Organizations like these have in the past made recommendations about our products and products of our
competitors. Recommendations or guidelines that are followed by patients and healthcare providers could result in decreased use of our products. The perception by the investment community or
shareholders that recommendations or guidelines will result in decreased use of our products could adversely affect prevailing market price for our common stock. In addition, our success also depends
on our ability to educate patients and healthcare providers about our products and their uses. If these education efforts are not effective, then we may not be able to increase the sales of our
existing products or successfully introduce new products to the market. 

We rely on third parties to provide us with materials and services in connection with the manufacture of our products. 

        Certain materials necessary for commercial production of our products, including specialty chemicals and components necessary for manufacture,
fill-finish and packaging, are provided by unaffiliated third party suppliers. In some cases, such materials are specifically cited in our marketing application with regulatory authorities
so that they must be obtained from that specific source unless and until the applicable authority approved another supplier. In addition, there may only be one available source for a particular
chemical or component. For example, we acquire polyalylamine (PAA), used in the manufacture of Renagel, Renvela, Cholestagel and WelChol, from Cambrex Charles City, Inc., the only source for
this material currently qualified in our FDA drug applications for these products. Our suppliers also may be subject to FDA regulations or the regulations of other governmental agencies outside the
United States regarding manufacturing practices. We may be unable to manufacture our products in a timely manner or at all if these third party suppliers were to cease or interrupt production or
otherwise fail to supply these materials or products to us for any reason, including due to regulatory requirements or actions, adverse financial developments at or affecting the supplier, or labor
shortages or disputes. 

        We
also source some of our manufacturing, fill-finish, packaging and distribution operations to third party contractors. The manufacture of products, fill-finish,
packaging and distribution of our products requires successful coordination among these third party providers and Genzyme. Our inability to coordinate these efforts, the lack of capacity available at
a third party contractor or any other problems with the operations of these third party contractors could require us to delay shipment of saleable products, recall products previously shipped or could
impair our ability to supply products at all. This could increase our costs, cause us to lose revenue or market share and damage our reputation. 

Government regulation imposes significant costs and restrictions on the development and commercialization of our products and services. 

        Our success will depend on our ability to satisfy regulatory requirements. We may not receive required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all.
Government agencies heavily regulate the production and sale of healthcare products and the provision of healthcare services. In particular, the FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in foreign
jurisdictions must approve human therapeutic and diagnostic products before they are marketed, as well as the facilities in which they are made. This approval process can involve lengthy and detailed
laboratory and clinical testing, sampling activities and other costly and time-consuming procedures. Several biotechnology companies have failed to obtain regulatory approvals because
regulatory agencies were not satisfied with the structure or conduct of 

F-57

clinical
trials. Similar problems could delay or prevent us from obtaining approvals. Furthermore, regulatory authorities, including the FDA, may not agree with our interpretations of our clinical
trial data, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals. 

        Therapies
that have received regulatory approval for commercial sale may continue to face regulatory difficulties. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements,
regulatory authorities could take actions against us, including: 

•

issuing
warning letters;

•

issuing
fines and other civil penalties;

•

suspending
regulatory approvals;

•

refusing
to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications;

•

suspending
product sales, imports and/or exports;

•

requiring
us to communicate with physicians and other customers about concerns related to potential safety, efficacy, and other issues involving Genzyme products;

•

mandating
product recalls; and

•

seizing
products. 

        Furthermore,
the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies may require post-marketing clinical trials or patient outcome studies. We have agreed with the FDA, for
example, to a number of post-marketing commitments as a condition to U.S. marketing approval for Fabrazyme, Aldurazyme and Myozyme. In addition, regulatory agencies subject a marketed
therapy, its manufacturer and the manufacturer's facilities to continual review and periodic inspections. The discovery of previously unknown problems with a therapy or the facility or process used to
produce the therapy could prompt a regulatory authority to impose restrictions on us, or could cause us to voluntarily adopt such restrictions, including withdrawal of one or more of our products or
services from the market. For example, we received a warning letter from the FDA in September 2007 that addresses certain of our manufacturing procedures in our Thymoglobulin production facility in
Lyon, France. The FDA has accepted our response to the warning letter and we continue to work to optimize our processes at this plant. 

We may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings. 

        A third party may sue us or one of our strategic collaborators for infringing the third party's patent or other intellectual property rights. Likewise, we or one
of our strategic collaborators may sue to enforce intellectual property rights or to determine the scope and validity of third party proprietary rights. If we do not prevail in this type of
litigation, we or our strategic collaborators may be required to: 

•

pay
monetary damages;

•

stop
commercial activities relating to the affected products or services;

•

obtain
a license in order to continue manufacturing or marketing the affected products or services; or

•

compete
in the market with a different product. 

F-58

        We are also currently involved in litigation matters and investigations that do not involve intellectual property claims and may be subject to additional actions in the future. For
example, the federal government, state governments and private payors are investigating and have begun to file actions against numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including Genzyme,
alleging that the companies have overstated prices in order to inflate reimbursement rates. Domestic and international enforcement authorities also have instituted actions under healthcare "fraud and
abuse" laws, including anti-kickback and false claims statutes. Moreover, individuals who use our products or services, including our diagnostic products and genetic testing services,
sometimes bring product and professional liability claims against us or our subsidiaries. 

        We
may also become subject to investigations by government authorities in connection with our business activities. For example, we are currently cooperating with an investigation of Bone
Care by the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York which was initiated in October 2004, when Bone Care received a subpoena requiring it to provide a wide range of documents
related to numerous aspects of its business. 

        We
believe some of our products are prescribed by physicians for uses not approved by the FDA or comparable regulatory agencies outside the United States. Although physicians may
lawfully prescribe our products for off-label uses, any promotion by us of off-label uses would be unlawful. Some of our practices intended to make physicians aware of
off-label uses of our products without engaging in off-label promotion could nonetheless be construed as off-label promotion. Although we have policies and
procedures in place designed to help assure ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements regarding off-label promotion, some non-compliant actions may nonetheless occur.
Regulatory authorities could take enforcement action against us if they believe we are promoting, or have promoted, our products for off-label use. 

        We
have only limited amounts of insurance, which may not provide coverage to offset a negative judgment or a settlement payment. We may be unable to obtain additional insurance in the
future, or we may be unable to do so on acceptable terms. Our insurers may dispute our claims for coverage. For example, we have submitted claims to our insurers for reimbursement of portions of the
expenses incurred in connection with the litigation and settlement related to the consolidation of our tracking stock and are seeking coverage for the settlement. The insurer has purported to deny
coverage. Any additional insurance we do obtain may not provide adequate coverage against any asserted claims. 

        Regardless
of merit or eventual outcome, investigations and litigations can result in: 

•

diversion
of management's time and attention;

•

expenditure
of large amounts of cash on legal fees, expenses, and payment of damages;

•

limitations
on our ability to continue some of our operations;

•

decreased
demand for our products and services; and

•

injury
to our reputation. 

Our international sales, clinical activities, manufacturing and other operations are subject to the economic, political, legal and business environments of the countries in
which we do business, and our failure to operate successfully or adapt to changes in these environments could cause our international sales and operations to be limited or disrupted. 

        Our international operations accounted for approximately 48% of our consolidated product and service revenues for the year ended December 31, 2007. We
expect that international product and service sales will continue to account for a significant percentage of our revenues for the foreseeable future. In addition, we have direct investments in a
number of subsidiaries outside of the United States. 

F-59

Our
international sales and operations could be limited or disrupted, and the value of our direct investments may be diminished, by any of the following: 

•

economic
problems that disrupt foreign healthcare payment systems;

•

the
imposition of governmental controls, including foreign exchange and currency restrictions;

•

less
favorable intellectual property or other applicable laws;

•

the
inability to obtain any necessary foreign regulatory or pricing approvals of products in a timely manner;

•

the
inability to obtain third party reimbursement support for products;

•

product
counterfeiting and intellectual property piracy;

•

parallel
imports;

•

anti-competitive
trade practices;

•

import
and export license requirements;

•

political
instability;

•

terrorist
activities, armed conflict, or outbreak of diseases such as severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) or avian influenza;

•

restrictions
on direct investments by foreign entities and trade restrictions;

•

changes
in tax laws and tariffs;

•

difficulties
in staffing and managing international operations; and

•

longer
payment cycles. 

        Our
operations and marketing practices are also subject to regulation and scrutiny by the governments of the other countries in which we operate. In addition, the United States Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act prohibits U.S. companies and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining
business abroad. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including possible delay in the approval or refusal to approve a product, recalls,
seizures, withdrawal of an approved product from the market, and/or the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions. 

Our international sales are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

        A significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. We recognize foreign currency gains or losses
arising from our operations in the period in which we incur those gains or losses. As a result, currency fluctuations among the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which we do business have caused
foreign currency translation gains and losses in the past and will likely do so in the future. Because of the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential
volatility of currency exchange rates, we may suffer significant foreign currency translation losses in the future due to the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. 

We may fail to adequately protect our proprietary technology, which would allow competitors or others to take advantage of our research and development efforts. 

        Our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. If we fail to obtain or maintain adequate
intellectual property protection in the United States or abroad, we may not be able to prevent third parties from using our proprietary technologies. Our currently pending or future patent
applications may not result in issued patents. Patent applications are confidential for 18 months following their filing, and because third parties may have filed patent applications for
technology covered by our pending patent applications without us being aware of those 

F-60

applications,
our patent applications may not have priority over patent applications of others. In addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against third
parties with similar technologies or products, or provide us with any competitive advantage. If a third party initiates litigation regarding our patents, our collaborators' patents, or those patents
for which we have license rights, and is successful, a court could declare our patents invalid or unenforceable or limit the scope of coverage of those patents. Governmental patent offices and courts
have not consistently treated the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology patents. If patent offices or the courts begin to allow or interpret claims more broadly, the incidence and cost of patent
interference proceedings and the risk of infringement litigation will likely increase. On the other hand, if patent offices or the courts begin to allow or interpret claims more narrowly, the value of
our proprietary rights may be reduced. Any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, the patent laws may adversely affect our ability to enforce our patent position. 

        We
also rely upon trade secrets, proprietary know-how, and continuing technological innovation to remain competitive. We attempt to protect this information with security
measures, including the use of confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, and corporate collaborators. These individuals may breach these agreements and any remedies available to us may
be insufficient to compensate for our damages. Furthermore, our trade secrets, know-how and other technology may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. 

Some of our products may face competition from lower cost generic or follow-on products in the future. 

        Some of our drug products, for example Renagel, Renvela, Clolar and Hectorol, are approved under provisions of the United States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act that
render them susceptible to potential competition from generic manufacturers via the Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) procedure. Generic manufacturers pursuing ANDA approval are not required to
conduct costly and time-consuming clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of their products; rather, they are permitted to rely on the innovators data regarding safety and
efficacy. Thus, generic manufacturers can sell their products at prices much lower than those charged by the innovative
pharmaceutical companies who have incurred substantial expenses associated with the research and development of the drug product. 

        The
ANDA procedure includes provisions allowing generic manufacturers to challenge the effectiveness of the innovator's patent protection long prior to the generic manufacturer actually
commercializing their products—the so-called "Paragraph IV" certification procedure. In recent years, generic manufacturers have used Paragraph IV certifications
extensively to challenge patents on a wide array of innovative pharmaceuticals, and we expect this trend to continue and to implicate drug products with even relatively small total revenues. 

        Other
of our products, including Cerezyme, Fabrazyme, Aldurazyme, Myozyme and Campath (so-called "biotech drugs") are not currently considered susceptible to an abbreviated
approval procedure, either due to current United States law or FDA practice in approving biologic products. However, the United States Congress is expected to continue to explore, and ultimately
enact, legislation that would establish a procedure for the FDA to accept ANDA-like abbreviated applications for the approval of "follow-on", "biosimilar" or "comparable"
biotech drugs. Such legislation has already been adopted in the European Union. 

        A
generic manufacturer has filed an ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Hectorol prior to the expiration dates of our patents covering that product. If this or any other
manufacturer were to receive approval to sell a generic or follow-on version of one of our products, that product would become subject to increased competition and our revenues for that
product would likely be impacted negatively. 

F-61

We may be required to license technology from competitors or others in order to develop and commercialize some of our products and services, and it is uncertain whether these
licenses would be available. 

        Third party patents may cover some of the products or services that we or our strategic partners are developing or producing. A patent is entitled to a
presumption of validity and accordingly, we face significant hurdles in any challenge to a patent. In addition, even if we are successful in challenging the validity of a patent, the challenge itself
may be expensive and require significant management attention. 

        To
the extent valid third party patent rights cover our products or services, we or our strategic collaborators would be required to seek licenses from the holders of these patents in
order to
manufacture, use, or sell these products and services, and payments under them would reduce our profits from these products and services. We may not be able to obtain these licenses on acceptable
terms, or at all. If we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to alter the design of our technology to fall outside the scope of a third party patent, we may be unable to market some of our
products and services, which would limit our profitability. 

Importation of products may lower the prices we receive for our products. 

        In the United States and abroad, many of our products are subject to competition from lower-priced versions of our products and competing products from other
countries where government price controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices for such products. Our products that require a prescription in the United States may be available to consumers
in markets such as Canada, Mexico, Taiwan and the Middle East without a prescription, which may cause consumers to further seek out these products in these lower priced markets. The ability of
patients and other customers to obtain these lower priced imports has grown significantly as a result of the Internet, an expansion of pharmacies in Canada and elsewhere that target American
purchasers, the increase in U.S.-based businesses affiliated with Canadian pharmacies marketing to American purchasers, and other factors. Most of these foreign imports are illegal under current
United States law. However, the volume of imports continues to rise due to the limited enforcement resources of the FDA and the United States Customs Service, and there is increased political pressure
to permit such imports as a mechanism for expanding access to lower priced medicines. The importation of lower-priced versions of our products into the United States and other markets adversely
affects our profitability. This impact could become more significant in the future. 

Legislative or regulatory changes may adversely impact our business. 

        The United States government and other governments have shown significant interest in pursuing healthcare reform. Any government-adopted reform measures could
adversely impact: 

•

the
pricing of healthcare products in the United States or internationally; and

•

the
amount of reimbursement available from governmental agencies or other third party payors. 

        New
laws, regulations and judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations and decisions, that relate to healthcare availability, methods of delivery or payment
for products and services, or sales, marketing or pricing may cause our revenue to decline, and we may need to revise our research and development programs. 

        On
September 27, 2007, the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 (the "FDAAA") was enacted, giving the FDA enhanced post-market authority, including the
authority to require post-market studies and clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety information, and compliance with risk evaluation and mitigation strategies approved by
the FDA. The FDA's exercise of its new authority could result in delays or increased costs during the period of product development, clinical trials and regulatory review and approval, increased costs
to assure compliance with new post-approval regulatory requirements, and potential restrictions on the sale of approved products. 

F-62

If our strategic alliances are unsuccessful, our operating results will be negatively impacted. 

        Several of our strategic initiatives involve alliances with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including a collaboration with BioMarin
Pharmaceutical Inc. with respect to Aldurazyme. The success of these arrangements is largely dependent on technology and other intellectual property contributed by our strategic partners or the
resources, efforts, and skills of our partners. Disputes and difficulties in such relationships are common, often due to conflicting priorities or conflicts of interest. Merger and acquisition
activity may exacerbate these conflicts. The benefits of these alliances are reduced or eliminated when strategic partners: 

•

terminate
the agreements or limit our access to the underlying intellectual property;

•

fail
to devote financial or other resources to the alliances and thereby hinder or delay development, manufacturing or commercialization activities;

•

fail
to successfully develop, manufacture or commercialize any products; or

•

fail
to maintain the financial resources necessary to continue financing their portion of the development, manufacturing, or commercialization costs of their own operations. 

        Furthermore,
payments we make under these arrangements may exacerbate fluctuations in our financial results. In addition, under some of our strategic alliances, we make milestone
payments well in advance of commercialization of products with no assurance that we will ever recoup these payments. We also may make equity investments in our strategic partners, as we did with
RenaMed Biologics, Inc., or RenaMed, in June 2005. Our strategic equity investments are subject to market fluctuations, access to capital and other business events, such as initial public
offerings, the completion of clinical trials and regulatory approvals, which can impact the value of these investments. For example, in October 2006, RenaMed suspended clinical trials of its renal
assist device which was being developed to treat patients with acute renal failure, causing us to write off our entire investment in RenaMed. If any of our other strategic equity investments decline
in value and remain below cost for an extended duration, we may incur additional financial statement charges. 

We may require significant additional financing, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. 

        As of December 31, 2007, we had $1.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short- and long-term investments, excluding our investments
in equity securities. 

        We
intend to use substantial portions of our available cash for: 

•

product
development and marketing;

•

payments
related to the cash consideration due to the dissenting Bioenvision shareholders, the amount of which will be determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery;

•

business
combinations and strategic business initiatives, including our strategic alliance with Isis;

•

the
remaining $1.3 billion approved for our ongoing stock repurchase program over approximately the next 2.5 years;

•

upgrading
our information technology systems;

•

expanding
existing and constructing additional manufacturing facilities;

•

expanding
staff; and

•

working
capital and satisfaction of our obligations under capital and operating leases. 

        We
may further reduce available cash reserves to pay principal and interest on outstanding debt, including our $690.0 million in principal of 1.25% convertible senior notes. 

F-63

        To
satisfy our cash requirements, we may have to obtain additional financing. We may be unable to obtain any additional financing or extend any existing financing arrangements at all or
on terms that we or our investors consider favorable. 

Our level of indebtedness may harm our financial condition and results of operations. 

        As of December 31, 2007, we had $698.0 million of outstanding indebtedness, excluding capital leases. We may incur additional indebtedness in the
future. Our level of indebtedness will have several important effects on our future operations, including: 

•

increasing
our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions; and

•

limiting
our ability to obtain additional financing for capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other purposes. 

        Our
ability to make payments and interest on our indebtedness depends upon our future operating results and financial performance.