Our future operating results could differ materially from the results described in this report due to the risks and uncertainties
related to our business, including those discussed below. 

 If we fail to increase sales of several existing products and services or to commercialize new products in our pipeline, we will not meet our financial goals. 

        Over the next few years, our success will depend substantially on our ability to increase revenue from our existing products and
services. These products and services include Renagel/Renvela, Synvisc, Synvisc-One, Fabrazyme, Myozyme, Aldurazyme, Hectorol, Thymoglobulin, Thyrogen, Clolar/Evoltra, Campath, Mozobil and
diagnostic testing services. 

        Our
ability to increase sales will depend on a number of factors, including: 

•

acceptance by the medical community of each product or service; 

•

the availability of competing treatments that are deemed safer, more efficacious, more convenient to use, or more cost
effective; 

•

our ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to efficiently manufacture sufficient quantities of each product to
meet demand and to do so in a timely and cost efficient manner; 

F-49

•

regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, commonly referred to as the FDA, and the European Agency for the
Evaluation of Medicinal Products, or EMEA, and other regulatory authorities of these products and services and the facilities and processes used to manufacture these products; 

•

the scope of the labeling approved by regulatory authorities for each product and competitive products; 

•

the effectiveness of our sales force; 

•

the availability and extent of coverage, pricing and level of reimbursement from governmental agencies and third party
payors; and 

•

the size of the patient population for each product or service and our ability to identify new patients. 

        Part
of our growth strategy involves conducting additional clinical trials to support approval of expanded uses of some of our products, including Clolar/Evoltra and alemtuzumab for
multiple sclerosis, pursuing marketing approval for our products in new jurisdictions and developing next generation products, such as Genz-112638 and our advanced phosphate binder. The
success of this component of our growth strategy will depend on the outcome of these additional clinical trials, the content and timing of our submissions to regulatory authorities and whether and
when those authorities determine to grant approvals. Because the healthcare industry is extremely competitive and regulatory requirements are rigorous, we spend substantial funds marketing our
products and attempting to expand approved uses for them. These expenditures depress near-term profitability with no assurance that the expenditures will generate future profits that
justify the expenditures. 

        Our
growth strategy also depends on developing new products, such as mipomersen, Prochymal and ataluren, through entry into strategic alliances and collaborations. If we are unable to
manage these external growth opportunities successfully or if the product development process is unsuccessful, we will not be able to grow our business in the way that we currently expect. 

 Our future success will depend on our ability to effectively develop and market our products and services against those of our competitors. 

        The human healthcare products and services industry is extremely competitive. Other organizations, including pharmaceutical,
biotechnology, device and diagnostic testing companies, and generic and biosimilar manufacturers, have developed and are developing products and services to compete with our products, services, and
product candidates. If healthcare providers, patients or payors prefer these competitive products or services or these competitive products or services have superior safety, efficacy, pricing or
reimbursement characteristics, we will have difficulty maintaining or increasing the sales of our products and services. 

        Renagel/Renvela
competes with several other products for the control of elevated phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney failure on hemodialysis. PhosLo®, a
prescription calcium acetate preparation sold by Fresenius Medical Care, is marketed in the United States with other branded and generic calcium preparations available worldwide.
Fosrenol®, a prescription lanthanum carbonate sold by Shire, is marketed in the United States, Europe, Canada and Latin America. A generic formulation of PhosLo was launched in the United
States in October 2008. Renagel/Renvela also competes with over-the-counter calcium carbonate products such as TUMS® and metal-based options such as aluminum and
magnesium. 

        UCB S.A.
has developed Zavesca®, a small molecule drug for the treatment of Gaucher disease, the disease addressed by Cerezyme. Zavesca, sold by Actelion Ltd.,
has been approved in the United States, European Union and Israel as an oral therapy for use in patients with mild to moderate Type 1 Gaucher disease for whom enzyme replacement therapy is
unsuitable. In addition, Shire reported top-line data from a phase 1/2 clinical trial for its gene-activated glucocerebrosidase program, also to 

F-50

treat
Gaucher disease, and initiated phase 3 studies in July 2007. Protalix Biotherapeutics Ltd. initiated a phase 3 trial for a plant-derived enzyme replacement therapy to treat
Gaucher disease in the third quarter of 2007. Amicus Therapeutics, Inc., or Amicus, is conducting phase 2 trials for oral chaperone medication to treat Gaucher disease. We are also aware
of other development efforts aimed at treating Gaucher disease. 

        Outside
the United States, Shire is marketing Replagal®, a competitive enzyme replacement therapy for Fabry disease which is the disease addressed by Fabrazyme. In addition,
while Fabrazyme has received orphan drug designation, which provides us with seven years of market exclusivity for the product in the United States, other companies may seek to overcome our market
exclusivity and, if successful, compete with Fabrazyme in the United States. Amicus has completed phase 2 trials for an oral chaperone medication to treat Fabry disease and is in discussions
with the FDA and EMEA regarding the conduct of phase 3 clinical trials. We are aware of other development efforts aimed at treating Fabry disease. 

        Myozyme
has marketing exclusivity in the United States until 2013 and in the European Union until 2016 due to its orphan drug status, although companies may seek to overcome the
associated marketing exclusivity. Amicus Therapeutics has completed two phase 1 clinical studies for a small molecule treatment for Pompe disease and initiated a phase 2 clinical trial
in June 2008. In February 2009, Amicus announced that the company had suspended enrollment for its phase 2 clinical trial and that it had received verbal notice from the FDA that the
trial is on clinical hold. 

        Current
competition for Synvisc and Synvisc-One includes Supartz®, a product manufactured by Seikagaku Corporation that is sold in the United States by
Smith & Nephew Orthopaedics and in Japan by Kaken Pharmaceutical Co. under the name Artz®; Hyalgan®, produced by Fidia Farmaceutici S.p.A. and marketed in
the United States by Sanofi-Aventis; Orthovisc®, produced by Anika Therapeutics, Inc., and marketed in the United States by Johnson & Johnson and marketed outside the United
States through distributors; Anika's Monovisc™, which is marketed in Europe; Euflexxa™, a product manufactured and sold by Ferring Pharmaceuticals and marketed by Ferring in
the United States and Europe; and Durolane®, manufactured by Q-Med AB and distributed outside the United States by Smith & Nephew Orthopedics. Durolane and Euflexxa are
produced by bacterial fermentation, which may provide these products a competitive advantage over avian-sourced Synvisc and Synvisc-One. We are aware of various viscosupplementation
products on the market or in development, but are unaware of any products that have physical properties of viscosity, elasticity or molecular weight comparable to those of Synvisc and
Synvisc-One. Furthermore, several companies market products that are not viscosupplementation products but which
are designed to relieve the pain associated with osteoarthritis. Synvisc and Synvisc-One will have difficulty competing with any of these products to the extent the competitive products
have a similar safety profile and are considered more efficacious, less burdensome to administer or more cost-effective. 

        The
examples above are illustrative and not exhaustive. Almost all of our products and services face competition. Furthermore, the field of biotechnology is characterized by significant
and rapid technological change. Discoveries by others may make our products or services obsolete. For example, competitors may develop approaches to treating LSDs that are more effective, convenient
or less expensive than our products and product candidates. Because a significant portion of our revenue is derived from products that address this class of diseases and a substantial portion of our
expenditures is devoted to developing new therapies for this class of diseases, such a development would have a material negative impact on our results of operations. 

 If we fail to obtain and maintain adequate levels of reimbursement for our products and services from third party payors, the commercial potential of our products and
services will be significantly limited. 

        A substantial portion of our domestic and international revenue comes from payments by third party payors, including government health
administration authorities and private health insurers. 

F-51

Governments
and other third party payors may not provide adequate insurance coverage or reimbursement for our products and services, which could impair our financial results. 

        Third
party payors are increasingly scrutinizing pharmaceutical budgets and healthcare expenses and are attempting to contain healthcare costs by: 

•

challenging the prices charged for healthcare products and services; 

•

limiting both the coverage and the amount of reimbursement for new therapeutic products; 

•

reducing existing reimbursement rates for commercialized products and services; 

•

limiting coverage for the treatment of a particular patient to a maximum dollar amount or specified period of time; 

•

denying or limiting coverage for products that are approved by the FDA, EMEA or other governmental regulatory bodies but
are considered experimental or investigational by third party payors; and 

•

refusing in some cases to provide coverage when an approved product is used for disease indications in a way that has not
received FDA, EMEA or other applicable marketing approval. 

        Efforts
by third party payors to reduce costs could decrease demand for our products and services. In addition, in certain countries, including countries in the European Union and
Canada, the coverage of prescription drugs, pricing and levels of reimbursement are subject to governmental control. Therefore, we may be unable to negotiate coverage, pricing and/or reimbursement on
terms that are favorable to us. Moreover, certain countries reference the prices in other countries where our products are marketed. Thus, inability to secure adequate prices in a particular country
may also impair our ability to maintain or obtain acceptable prices in existing and potential new markets. Government health administration authorities may also rely on analyses of the
cost-effectiveness of certain therapeutic products in determining whether to provide reimbursement for such products. Our ability to obtain satisfactory pricing and reimbursement may
depend in part on whether our products, the cost of some of which is high in comparison to other therapeutic products, are viewed as cost-effective. 

        Furthermore,
governmental regulatory bodies, such as the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), may from time-to-time make unilateral changes to
reimbursement rates for our products and services. These changes could reduce our revenue by causing healthcare providers to be less willing to use our products and services. Although we actively seek
to assure that any initiatives that are undertaken by regulatory agencies involving reimbursement for our products and services do not have an adverse impact on us, we may not always be successful in
these efforts. 

 The development of new biotechnology products involves a lengthy and complex process, and we may be unable to commercialize any of the products we are currently developing. 

        We have numerous products under development and devote considerable resources to research and development, including clinical trials. 

        Before
we can commercialize our product candidates, we will need to: 

•

conduct substantial research and development; 

•

undertake preclinical and clinical testing; 

•

develop and scale-up manufacturing processes; and 

•

pursue marketing approvals and, in some jurisdictions, pricing and reimbursement approvals. 

        This
process involves a high degree of risk and takes many years. Our product development efforts with respect to a product candidate may fail for many reasons,
including: 

•

failure of the product candidate in preclinical studies; 

F-52

•

difficulty enrolling patients in clinical trials, particularly for disease indications with small patient populations; 

•

patients exhibiting adverse reactions to the product candidate or indications of other safety concerns; 

•

insufficient clinical trial data to support the effectiveness or superiority of the product candidate; 

•

our inability to manufacture sufficient quantities of the product candidate for development or commercialization
activities in a timely and cost-efficient manner; 

•

our failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, the required regulatory approvals for the product candidate, the facilities
or the process used to manufacture the product candidate; or 

•

changes in the regulatory environment, including pricing and reimbursement, that make development of a new product or of
an existing product for a new indication no longer desirable. 

        Few
research and development projects result in commercial products, and success in preclinical studies or early clinical trials often is not replicated in later studies. For example, in
our phase 3 trial known as the Polymer Alternative for CDAD Treatment (PACT) study, tolevamer did not meet its primary endpoint. In our pivotal study of hylastan for treatment of patients with
osteoarthritis of the knee, hylastan did not meet its primary endpoint. We may decide to abandon development of a product or
service candidate at any time or we may be required to expend considerable resources repeating clinical trials or conducting additional trials, either of which would increase costs of development and
delay any revenue from those programs. 

        Our
efforts to expand the approved indications for our products, gain marketing approval in new jurisdictions and develop next generation products also may fail. These expansion efforts
are subject to many of the risks associated with completely new products and, accordingly, we may fail to recoup the investments we make pursuing these strategies. 

 Our financial results are dependent on sales of Cerezyme. 

        Sales of Cerezyme, our enzyme-replacement product for patients with Gaucher disease, totaled $1.2 billion for the year ended
December 31, 2008, representing approximately 27% of our total revenue. Because our business is dependent on Cerezyme, negative trends in revenue from this product could have an adverse effect
on our results of operations and cause the value of our securities to decline. We will lose revenue if alternative treatments gain commercial acceptance, if our marketing activities are restricted, or
if coverage, pricing or reimbursement is limited. In addition, the patient population with Gaucher disease is not large. Because a significant percentage of that population already uses Cerezyme,
opportunities for future sales growth are constrained. Furthermore, changes in the methods for treating patients with Gaucher disease, including treatment protocols that combine Cerezyme with other
therapeutic products or reduce the amount of Cerezyme prescribed, could limit growth, or result in a decline, in Cerezyme sales. 

 We may encounter substantial difficulties managing our growth. 

        Several risks are inherent to our plans to grow our business. Achieving our goals will require substantial investments in research and
development, sales and marketing, and facilities. For example, we have spent considerable resources building and seeking regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facilities. We cannot assure you
that these facilities will prove sufficient to meet demand for our products or that we will not have excess capacity at these facilities. In addition, building our facilities is expensive, and our
ability to recover these costs will depend on increased revenue from the products produced at the facilities. 

F-53

        We
produce relatively small amounts of material for research and development activities and pre-clinical trials. Even if a product candidate receives all necessary approvals
for commercialization, we may not be able to successfully scale-up production of the product material at a reasonable cost or at all and we may not receive additional approvals in
sufficient time to meet product demand. For example, the FDA has concluded that alglucosidase alfa produced in our 2000 liter bioreactors is a different product than alglucosidase alfa produced in our
160 liter bioreactors and therefore required us to submit a separate BLA for the 2000 liter product. This delay in receipt of FDA approval has had an adverse effect on our revenues and earnings and
will continue to have an adverse effect until we receive regulatory approval. 

        If
we are able to increase sales of our products, we may have difficulty managing inventory levels. Marketing new therapies is a complicated process, and gauging future demand is
difficult. With Renagel, for example, we have encountered problems in the past managing inventory levels at wholesalers. Comparable problems may arise with any of our products, particularly during
market introduction. 

        Growth
in our business may also contribute to fluctuations in our operating results, which may cause the price of our securities to decline. Our revenue may fluctuate due to many
factors, including changes in: 

•

wholesaler buying patterns; 

•

reimbursement rates; 

•

physician prescribing habits; 

•

the availability or pricing of competitive products; and 

•

currency exchange rates. 

        We
may also experience fluctuations in our quarterly results due to price changes and sales incentives. For example, purchasers of our products, particularly wholesalers, may increase
purchase orders in anticipation of a price increase and reduce order levels following the price increase. We occasionally offer sales incentives and promotional discounts on some of our products and
services that could have a similar impact. In addition, some of our products, including Synvisc, are subject to seasonal fluctuation in demand. 

 Our operating results and financial position may be negatively impacted when we attempt to grow through business combination transactions. 

        We may encounter problems assimilating operations acquired in business combination transactions. These transactions often entail the
assumption of unknown liabilities, the loss of key employees, and the diversion of management attention. Furthermore, in any business combination there is a substantial risk that we will fail to
realize the benefits we anticipated when we decided to undertake the transaction. We have in the past taken significant charges for impaired goodwill and for impaired assets acquired in business
combination transactions. We may be required to take similar charges in the future. We enter into most such transactions with an expectation that an acquired business will enhance the
long-term strength of our business. These transactions, however, often depress our earnings in the near-term and the expected long-term benefits may never be
realized. Business combination transactions also either deplete cash resources, require us to issue substantial equity, and/or require us to incur significant debt. 

 Manufacturing problems may cause product launch delays, inventory shortages, recalls and unanticipated costs. 

        In order to generate revenue from our approved products, we must be able to produce sufficient quantities of the products to satisfy
demand. Many of our products are difficult to manufacture. Our 

F-54

products
that are biologics, for example, require product characterization steps that are more onerous than those required for most chemical pharmaceuticals. Accordingly, we employ multiple steps to
attempt to control the manufacturing processes. Problems with these manufacturing processes, even minor deviations, could result in product defects or manufacturing failures that result in lot
failures, product recalls, product liability claims and insufficient inventory. In the past, we have had to write down and incur other charges and expenses for products that failed to meet internal or
external specifications, including Thymoglobulin, or for products that experience terminated production runs, including Myozyme produced at the 4000L scale. Similar charges could occur in the future. 

        Certain
of the raw materials required in the commercial manufacturing and the formulation of our products are derived from biological sources, including mammalian sources and human
plasma. Such raw materials may be difficult to procure and subject to contamination or recall. Also, some countries in which we market our products may restrict the use of certain biologically derived
substances in the manufacture of drugs. A material shortage, contamination, recall, or restriction on the use of certain biologically derived substances in the manufacture of our products could
adversely impact or disrupt our commercial manufacturing of our products or could result in a withdrawal of our products from markets. This too, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to satisfy
demand for our products, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 

        In
addition, we may only be able to produce some of our products at a very limited number of facilities and, in some cases, we rely on third parties to formulate and manufacture our
products. For example, we manufacture all of our Cerezyme and a portion of our Fabrazyme and Myozyme products at our facility in Allston, Massachusetts. A number of factors could cause production
interruptions at our facilities or the facilities of our third party providers, including equipment malfunctions, labor problems, raw material shortages, natural disasters, power outages, terrorist
activities, or disruptions in the operations of our suppliers. 

        Manufacturing
is also subject to extensive government regulation. Regulatory authorities must approve the facilities in which human healthcare products are produced and those facilities
are subject to ongoing inspections. In addition, changes in manufacturing processes may require additional regulatory approvals. Obtaining and maintaining these regulatory approvals could cause us to
incur significant additional costs and lose revenue. In addition, because are manufacturing processes are highly complex and are subject to lengthy regulatory approval processes, alternative qualified
production capacity may not be available on a timely basis or at all if we cannot produce sufficient commercial requirements of bulk product to meet demand. 

 We rely on third parties to provide us with materials and services in connection with the manufacture of our products and the performance of our services. 

        Some materials necessary for commercial production of our products, including specialty chemicals and components necessary for
manufacture, fill-finish and packaging, are provided by unaffiliated third party suppliers. In some cases, such materials are specifically cited in our marketing applications with
regulatory authorities so that they must be obtained from that specific source unless and until the applicable authority approves another supplier. In addition, there may only be one available source
for a particular chemical or component. For example, we acquire polyalylamine (PAA), used in the manufacture of Renagel, Renvela, Cholestagel and WelChol, from Cambrex Charles City, Inc., and
N925, which is necessary to manufacture our LSD products from Invitrogen Corporation. These suppliers are the only sources for these materials currently qualified in our FDA drug applications for
these products. Our suppliers also may be subject to FDA regulations or the regulations of other governmental agencies outside the United States regarding manufacturing practices. We may be unable to
manufacture our products or to perform our services in a timely manner or at all if these third party suppliers were to cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail to supply sufficient quantities
of these materials or products to us for any reason, including due to regulatory requirements or actions, adverse 

F-55

financial
developments at or affecting the supplier, labor shortages or disputes, or contamination of materials or equipment. 

        We
also source some of our manufacturing, fill-finish, packaging and distribution operations to third party contractors. The manufacture of products, fill-finish,
packaging and distribution of our products requires successful coordination among these third party providers and us. Our inability to coordinate these efforts, the inability of a third party
contractor to secure sufficient source materials, the lack of capacity available at a third party contractor or any other problems with the operations of a third party contractor could require us to
delay shipment of saleable products, recall products previously shipped or impair our ability to supply products at all. This could increase our costs, cause us to lose revenue or market share and
damage our reputation. Furthermore, any third party we use to manufacture, fill-finish or package our products to be sold must also be licensed by the applicable regulatory authorities. As
a result, alternative third party providers may not be readily available on a timely basis. 

 Our international sales and operating expenses are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

        A significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than our reporting currency, the U.S. dollar. We recognize
foreign currency gains or losses arising from our operations in the period in which we incur those gains or losses. As a result, currency fluctuations
among the U.S. dollar and the currencies in which we do business have caused foreign currency translation gains and losses in the past and will likely do so in the future. Because of the number of
currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential volatility of currency exchange rates, we may suffer significant foreign currency translation losses in the future due to
the effect of exchange rate fluctuations. 

        In
2008, the change in foreign exchange rates had a net favorable impact on our revenues; however, this trend changed during the fourth quarter of 2008. Although we cannot predict with
certainty future changes in foreign exchange rates or their effect on our results, we do not expect the change in foreign exchange rates to have a positive impact on our revenues for 2009. 

 Guidelines, recommendations and studies published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products. 

        Professional societies, practice management groups, private health/science foundations, and organizations involved in various diseases
may publish guidelines, recommendations or studies to the healthcare and patient communities from time to time. Recommendations of government agencies or these other groups/organizations may relate to
such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration, cost-effectiveness, and use of related therapies. Organizations like these have in the past made recommendations about our products
and products of our competitors. Recommendations, guidelines or studies that are followed by patients and healthcare providers could result in decreased use of our products. The perception by the
investment community or stockholders that recommendations, guidelines or studies will result in decreased use of our products could adversely affect prevailing market price for our common stock. In
addition, our success also depends on our ability to educate patients and healthcare providers about our products and their uses. If these education efforts are not effective, then we may not be able
to increase the sales of our existing products or successfully introduce new products to the market. 

 Government regulation imposes significant costs and restrictions on the development and commercialization of our products and services. 

        Government agencies heavily regulate the production and sale of healthcare products and the provision of healthcare services. Our
success will depend on our ability to satisfy regulatory requirements. In particular, the FDA, the EMEA and comparable regulatory agencies in foreign jurisdictions must approve human therapeutic and
diagnostic products before they are marketed, as well as the facilities in which they are made. This approval process can involve lengthy and detailed laboratory and clinical testing, sampling
activities and other costly and time-consuming procedures. We may not receive required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. 

F-56

        Therapies that have received regulatory approval for commercial sale may continue to face regulatory difficulties. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements,
regulatory authorities could take actions against us, including: 

•

issuing warning letters; 

•

issuing fines and other civil penalties; 

•

suspending regulatory approvals; 

•

refusing to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications; 

•

suspending product sales, imports and/or exports; 

•

requiring us to communicate with physicians and other customers about concerns related to actual or potential safety,
efficacy, and other issues involving our products; 

•

mandating product recalls; and 

•

seizing products. 

        Furthermore,
the FDA, the EMEA and comparable foreign regulatory agencies may require post-marketing clinical trials or patient outcome studies. We have agreed with the FDA,
for example, to a number of post-marketing commitments as a condition to U.S. marketing approval for Fabrazyme, Aldurazyme, Myozyme, Clolar and Mozobil. In addition, regulatory agencies
subject a marketed therapy, its manufacturer and the manufacturer's facilities to continual review and periodic inspections. The discovery of previously unknown problems with a therapy or the facility
or process used to produce the therapy could prompt a regulatory authority to impose restrictions on us, or could cause us to voluntarily adopt such restrictions, including withdrawal of one or more
of our products or services from the market. For example, we received a warning letter from the FDA in September 2007 that addressed certain of our manufacturing procedures in our Thymoglobulin
production facility in Lyon. The FDA has accepted our response to that warning letter. In February 2009, we received a warning letter from the FDA related to inspectional observations by
the FDA at our Allston, Massachusetts facility, considered to be significant deviations from compliance with "Good Manufacturing Practices." We are currently reviewing that warning letter and
plan to respond to the FDA in writing. 

 If regulatory authorities fail to approve pending applications in a timely matter, our results of operations will suffer. 

        We expect regulatory action on several matters during the next 12 months. For example, we anticipate regulatory action on our
marketing application for alglucosidase alfa produced at the 2000L scale in the United States; our marketing application for Mozobil in Europe; the expansion of labeling for clofarabine to include the
treatment of adults with AML in the United States and Europe; our marketing application for Renvela in Europe and a label expansion of Renvela in the United States to include the treatment of CKD
patients not on dialysis. 

        Regulatory
authorities denying or delaying these approvals would adversely impact our projected revenue and income growth. A regulatory authority may deny or delay an approval because it
was not satisfied with the structure or conduct of clinical trials or due to its assessment of the data we supply. A regulatory authority, for instance, may not believe that we have adequately
established a product's risk-benefit profile or adequately addressed negative safety signals. Clinical data are subject to varied interpretations, and regulatory authorities may disagree
with our assessments of our data. In any such case, a regulatory authority could insist that we provide additional data, which could substantially delay or even prevent commercialization efforts,
particularly if we are required to conduct additional pre-approval clinical studies. In addition, the FDA has failed to act on pending marketing applications by the response dates
prescribed in the Prescription Drug User Fee Act. We have encountered delays 

F-57

in
marketing in the United States for alglucosidase alfa produced at the 2000L scale, which has adversely impacted our financial results and resulted in a very tight product supply, and we could face
additional delays with this product or other products. 

 The current credit and financial market conditions may exacerbate certain risk affecting our business. 

        Sales of our products are dependent, in part, on the availability and extent of reimbursement from third party payers, including
governments and private insurance plans. As a result of the current volatility in the financial markets, third-party payers may delay payment or be unable to satisfy their reimbursement obligations. A
reduction in the availability or extent of reimbursement could negatively affect our product sales and revenue. 

        In
addition, we rely upon third parties for certain aspects of our business, including collaboration partners, wholesale distributors for our products, contract clinical trial providers,
contract manufacturers, and third-party suppliers. Because of the recent tightening of global credit and the volatility in the financial markets, there may be a delay or disruption in the performance
or satisfaction of commitments to us by these third parties, which could adversely affect our business. 

 We may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings. 

        A third party may sue us or one of our strategic collaborators for infringing the third party's patent or other intellectual property
rights. Likewise, we or one of our strategic collaborators may sue to enforce intellectual property rights or to determine the scope and
validity of third party proprietary rights. If we do not prevail in this type of litigation, we or our strategic collaborators may be required to: 

•

pay monetary damages; 

•

stop commercial activities relating to the affected products or services; 

•

obtain a license in order to continue manufacturing or marketing the affected products or services;
or 

•

compete in the market with a different product or service. 

        We
are also currently involved in litigation matters and investigations that do not involve intellectual property claims and may be subject to additional actions in the future. For
example, the federal government, state governments and private payors are investigating and have filed actions against numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including Genzyme, alleging
that the companies have overstated prices in order to inflate reimbursement rates. Domestic and international enforcement authorities also have instituted actions under healthcare "fraud and abuse"
laws, including anti-kickback and false claims statutes. Moreover, individuals who use our products or services, including our diagnostic products and genetic testing services, sometimes
bring product and professional liability claims against us or our subsidiaries. 

        Some
of our products are prescribed by healthcare providers for uses not approved by the FDA, the EMEA or comparable regulatory agencies. Although healthcare providers may lawfully
prescribe our products for off-label uses, any promotion by us of off-label uses would be unlawful. Some of our practices intended to make healthcare providers aware of
off-label uses of our products without engaging in off-label promotion could nonetheless be construed as off-label promotion. Although we have policies and
procedures in place designed to help assure ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements regarding off-label promotion, some non-compliant actions may nonetheless occur.
Regulatory authorities could take enforcement action against us if they believe we are promoting, or have promoted, our products for off-label use. 

F-58

        We
have only limited amounts of insurance, which may not provide coverage to offset a negative judgment or a settlement payment. We may be unable to obtain additional insurance in the
future, or we may be unable to do so on favorable terms. Our insurers may dispute our claims for coverage. For example, we have submitted claims to our insurers for reimbursement of portions of the
expenses incurred in connection with the litigation and settlement related to the consolidation of our tracking stock and are seeking coverage for the settlement. The insurers have purported to deny
coverage. Any additional insurance we do obtain may not provide adequate coverage against any asserted claims. 

        Regardless
of merit or eventual outcome, investigations and litigation can result in: 

•

the diversion of management's time and attention; 

•

the expenditure of large amounts of cash on legal fees, expenses, and payment of damages; 

•

limitations on our ability to continue some of our operations; 

•

decreased demand for our products and services; and 

•

injury to our reputation. 

 Our international sales, clinical activities, manufacturing and other operations are subject to the economic, political, legal and business environments of the countries in
which we do business, and our failure to operate successfully or adapt to changes in these environments could cause our international sales and operations to be limited or disrupted. 

        Our international operations accounted for approximately 51% of our consolidated product and service revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2008. We expect that international product and service sales will continue to account for a significant percentage of our revenues for the foreseeable future. In addition, we have
direct investments in a number of subsidiaries outside of the United States. Our international sales and operations could be limited or disrupted, and the value of our direct investments may be
diminished, by any of the following: 

•

economic problems that disrupt foreign healthcare payment systems; 

•

the imposition of governmental controls, including foreign exchange and currency restrictions; 

•

less favorable intellectual property or other applicable laws; 

•

the inability to obtain any necessary foreign regulatory or pricing approvals of products in a timely manner; 

•

the inability to obtain third party reimbursement support for products; 

•

product counterfeiting and intellectual property piracy; 

•

parallel imports; 

•

anti-competitive trade practices; 

•

import and export license requirements; 

•

political instability; 

•

terrorist activities, armed conflict, or a pandemic; 

•

restrictions on direct investments by foreign entities and trade restrictions; 

•

changes in tax laws and tariffs; 

•

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and 

•

longer payment cycles. 

F-59

        Our
operations and marketing practices are also subject to regulation and scrutiny by the governments of the countries in which we operate. In addition, the United States Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act prohibits U.S. companies and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business
abroad. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including possible delay in the approval or refusal to approve a product, recalls, seizures,
withdrawal of an approved product from the market, and/or the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions. 

 We may fail to adequately protect our proprietary technology, which would allow competitors or others to take advantage of our research and development efforts. 

        Our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. If we fail to obtain
or maintain adequate intellectual property protection in the United States or abroad, we may not be able to prevent third parties from using our proprietary technologies. Our currently pending or
future patent applications may not result in issued patents. Patent applications are typically confidential for 18 months following their earliest filing, and because third parties may have
filed patent applications for technology covered by our pending patent applications without us being aware of those applications, our patent applications may not have priority over patent applications
of others. In addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against third parties with similar technologies or products, or provide us with any competitive
advantage. If a third party initiates litigation regarding our patents, our collaborators' patents, or those patents for which we have license rights, and is successful, a court could declare our
patents invalid or unenforceable or limit the scope of coverage of those patents. Governmental patent offices and courts have not always been consistent in their interpretation of the scope and
patentability of the subject matter claimed in biotechnology patents. Any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, the patent laws may adversely affect our ability to enforce our patent position. 

        We
also rely upon trade secrets, proprietary know-how, and continuing technological innovation to remain competitive. We attempt to protect this information with security
measures, including the use of confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, and collaborators. These individuals may breach these agreements and any remedies available to us may be
insufficient to compensate for our damages. Furthermore, our trade secrets, know-how and other technology may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. 

 Some of our products may face competition from lower cost generic or follow-on products. 

        Some of our drug products, for example Renagel, Renvela, Hectorol, Clolar and Mozobil, are approved under the provisions of the United
States Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act that render them susceptible to potential competition from generic manufacturers via the Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) procedure. Generic manufacturers
pursuing ANDA approval are not required to conduct costly and time-consuming clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of their products; rather, they are permitted to rely on
the innovator's data regarding safety and efficacy. Thus, generic manufacturers can sell their products at prices much lower than those charged by the innovative pharmaceutical or biotechnology
companies who have incurred substantial expenses associated with the research and development of the drug product. 

        The
ANDA procedure includes provisions allowing generic manufacturers to challenge the effectiveness of the innovator's patent protection long prior to the generic manufacturer actually
commercializing their products—the so-called "Paragraph IV" certification procedure. In recent years, generic manufacturers have used Paragraph IV certifications
extensively to challenge the applicability of Orange Book-listed patents on a wide array of innovative pharmaceuticals, and we expect this trend to continue and to implicate drug products with even
relatively modest revenues. 

F-60

        Renagel,
Renvela and Hectorol are subjects of ANDAs containing Paragraph IV certifications. Renagel is the subject of three ANDAs containing Paragraph IV certifications.
One of the ANDAs contains a Paragraph IV certification that relates only to one of our Orange Book-listed patents, namely our patent that covers features of our tablet dosage form.
This patent expires in 2020, and the ANDA applicant alleged that its proposed product would not infringe that patent. We reviewed the Paragraph IV certification and did not initiate patent
infringement litigation within the 45-day statutory period. The other two ANDA applications contain Paragraph IV certifications challenging additional aspects of the Renagel patent
estate, including patents that expire in 2014 and 2013. Specifically, one ANDA applicant seeks to market its generic product prior to the expiration of all of Genzyme's Orange Book-listed
patents, while another seeks to market its generic product only after the expiration of Genzyme's Orange Book-listed patents that expire in 2013. We are evaluating these ANDA applications
and associated legal issues in advance of our March 2009 deadlines to initiate patent litigation and trigger the statutory 30-month stay of FDA approval for the ANDA. Renvela is the
subject of an ANDA in which the applicant has submitted a Paragraph IV certification seeking to market a generic sevelamer carbonate product after the expiration of Genzyme's Orange
Book-listed patents that expire in 2013. We also are evaluating this ANDA application and associated legal issues in advance of our April 2009 deadline to trigger the 30-month
statutory stay. 

        In
the case of Hectorol, the ANDA applicant has submitted a Paragraph IV certification alleging the invalidity of our patent related to the use of Hectorol to treat
hyperparathyroidism secondary to end-stage renal disease (which patent expires in 2014), and alleging non-infringement of our patent covering our highly purified form of
Hectorol (which patent expires in 2021). We initiated patent infringement litigation in February 2008, triggering the stay of FDA approval for the ANDA. We believe that our patents are valid. A trial
on the merits is scheduled for April 2010. The ANDA applicant also has submitted a Paragraph IV certification alleging the invalidity of our patent that claims specific aspects of our Hectorol
vial formulation. We are evaluating the merits of their position in advance of our April 2009 deadline for triggering the 30-month statutory stay. 

        Other
of our products, including Cerezyme, Fabrazyme, Aldurazyme, Myozyme and Campath (so-called "biotech drugs") are not currently considered susceptible to an abbreviated
approval procedure, either due to current United States law or FDA practice in approving biologic products. However, the United States Congress is expected to continue to explore, and ultimately
enact, legislation that would establish a procedure for the FDA to accept ANDA-like abbreviated applications for the approval of "follow-on," "biosimilar" or "comparable"
biotech drugs. Such legislation has already been adopted in the European Union. 

        If
either of the ANDA filers or any other generic manufacturer were to receive approval to sell a generic or follow-on version of one of our products, that product would
become subject to increased competition and our revenues for that product would be adversely affected. 

 We may be required to license patents from competitors or others in order to develop and commercialize some of our products and services, and it is uncertain whether these
licenses would be available. 

        Third party patents may cover some of the products or services that we or our strategic partners are developing or producing. A patent
is entitled to a presumption of validity and accordingly, we face significant hurdles in any challenge to a patent. In addition, even if we are successful in challenging the validity of a patent, the
challenge itself may be expensive and require significant management attention. 

        To
the extent valid third party patent rights cover our products or services, we or our strategic collaborators would be required to seek licenses from the holders of these patents in
order to manufacture, use or sell these products and services, and payments under them would reduce our profits from these products and services. We may not be able to obtain these licenses on
favorable 

F-61

terms,
or at all. If we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to alter the design of our technology to fall outside the scope of a third party patent, we may be unable to market some of our
products and services, which would limit our profitability. 

 Legislative or regulatory changes may adversely impact our business. 

        The United States government and other governments have shown significant interest in pursuing healthcare reform. Any
government-adopted reform measures could adversely impact: 

•

the pricing of healthcare products and services in the United States or internationally; and 

•

the amount of reimbursement available from governmental agencies or other third party payors. 

        New
laws, regulations and judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations and decisions, that relate to healthcare availability, methods of delivery or payment
for products and services, or sales, marketing or pricing may cause our revenue to decline, and we may need to revise our research and development programs. The pricing and reimbursement environment
for our products may change in the future and become more challenging due to among other reasons, policies advanced by the new presidential administration in the United States, new healthcare
legislation or fiscal challenges faced by government health administration authorities. 

        On
September 27, 2007, the Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 was enacted, giving the FDA enhanced post-market authority, including the authority to
require post-marketing studies and clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety information, and compliance with risk evaluations and mitigation strategies approved by the FDA.
The FDA's exercise of its new authority could result in delays or increased costs during the period of
product development, clinical trials and regulatory review and approval, increased costs to assure compliance with new post-approval regulatory requirements, and potential restrictions on
the sale and/or distribution of approved products. 

 If our strategic alliances are unsuccessful, our operating results will be negatively impacted. 

        Several of our strategic initiatives involve alliances with other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. The success of these
arrangements is largely dependent on technology and other intellectual property contributed by our strategic partners or the resources, efforts, and skills of our partners. Disputes and difficulties
in such relationships are common, often due to conflicting priorities or conflicts of interest. Merger and acquisition activity may exacerbate these conflicts. The benefits of these alliances are
reduced or eliminated when strategic partners: 

•

terminate the agreements covering the strategic alliance or limit our access to the underlying intellectual property; 

•

fail to devote financial or other resources to the alliances and thereby hinder or delay development, manufacturing or
commercialization activities; 

•

fail to successfully develop, manufacture or commercialize any products; or 

•

fail to maintain the financial resources necessary to continue financing their portion of the development, manufacturing,
or commercialization costs of their own operations. 

        Furthermore,
payments we make under these arrangements may exacerbate fluctuations in our financial results. In addition, under some of our strategic alliances, we make upfront and
milestone payments well in advance of commercialization of products with no assurance that we will ever recoup these payments. We also may make equity investments in our strategic partners, as we did
with Isis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in February 2008 and RenaMed Biologics, Inc., or RenaMed, in June 2005. Our strategic equity investments are subject to market fluctuations, access to
capital and other business events, such as initial public offerings, the completion of clinical trials and regulatory approvals, which 

F-62

can
impact the value of these investments. For example, in October 2006, RenaMed suspended clinical trials of its renal assist device which was being developed to treat patients with acute renal
failure, causing us to write off our entire investment in RenaMed. If other strategic equity investments decline in value and remain below cost for an extended duration, we may incur additional
charges. 

 Our investments in marketable securities are subject to market, interest and credit risk that may reduce their value. 

        We maintain a significant portfolio of investments in marketable securities. Our earnings may be adversely affected by changes in the
value of this portfolio. In particular, the value of our investments may be adversely affected by increases in interest rates, downgrades in the corporate bonds included in the portfolio, instability
in the global financial markets that reduces the liquidity of securities included in the portfolio, and by other factors which may result in other than temporary declines in value of the investments.
Each of these events may cause us to record charges to reduce the carrying value of our investment portfolio or sell investments for less than our acquisition cost. We attempt to mitigate these risks
with the assistance of our investment advisors by investing in high quality securities and continuously monitoring the overall risk profile of our portfolio. 

 Importation of products may lower the prices we receive for our products. 

        In the United States and abroad, many of our products are subject to competition from lower-priced versions of our products and
competing products from other countries where government price controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices for such products. Our products that require a prescription in the United States
may be available to consumers in markets such as Canada, Mexico, Taiwan and the Middle East without a prescription, which may cause consumers to seek out these products in these lower priced markets.
The ability of patients and other customers to obtain these lower priced imports has grown significantly as a result of the Internet, an expansion of pharmacies in Canada and elsewhere that target
American purchasers, an increase in
U.S.-based businesses affiliated with these Canadian pharmacies and other factors. Most of these foreign imports are illegal under current United States law. However, the volume of imports continues
to rise due to the limited enforcement resources of the FDA and the United States Customs Service, and there is increased political pressure to permit such imports as a mechanism for expanding access
to lower-priced medicines. The importation of lower-priced versions of our products into the United States and other markets adversely affects our profitability. This impact could become more
significant in the future. 

 We may require significant additional financing, which may not be available to us on favorable terms, if at all. 

        As of December 31, 2008, we had $1.0 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short- and long-term investments,
excluding our investments in equity securities. 

        We
intend to use substantial portions of our available cash for: 

•

product development and marketing; 

•

business combinations and strategic business initiatives; 

•

the remaining $1.1 billion available under our ongoing stock repurchase program; 

•

upgrading our information technology systems; 

•

expanding existing and constructing new manufacturing facilities; 

•

contingent payments under license and other agreements, including payments related to our license of mipomersen from Isis,
ataluren from PTC, and Prochymal and Chondrogen from 

F-63

Osiris
(for more information on these payments please read Note C., "Mergers, Acquisitions and Strategic Transactions," to our consolidated financial statements); 

•

expanding staff; and 

•

working capital and satisfaction of our obligations under capital and operating leases. 

        In
addition, we have several outstanding legal proceedings. Involvement in investigations and litigation can be expensive and a court may ultimately require that we pay expenses and
damages. As a result of legal proceedings, we may also be required to pay fees to a holder of proprietary rights in order to continue certain operations. 

        Recently,
the general economic, global capital and credit market conditions in the United States and other parts of the world have deteriorated significantly and have adversely affected
access to capital and increased the cost of capital. However, we continue to believe that our available cash, investments and cash flow from operations, together with our revolving credit facility and
other available debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs in the foreseeable future. We currently do not rely on short-term borrowing to fund
our operations and, as a result, we do not believe that existing global capital and credit market conditions will have a significant impact on our near-term liquidity. We are closely
monitoring our liquidity as well as the condition of these markets. If these conditions continue or become worse, our future cost of debt and equity capital and our future access to capital markets
could be adversely affected. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain any additional financing in the future or extend any existing financing arrangements on favorable terms, or at all.