regarding additional discussion of environmental matters. 

 Other Policies 

        The following is a discussion of our investment policies, financing policies, conflict of interest policies and policies with respect
to certain other activities. One or more of these policies may be amended or rescinded from time to time without a stockholder vote. 

 Investment Policies 

        The Company elected to be treated as a REIT commencing with the taxable year beginning July 1, 2010, its date of incorporation.
REIT limitations restrict us from making investments that would cause our real estate assets to be less than 75% of our total assets. In addition, at least 75% of our gross income must be derived
directly or indirectly from investments relating to real property or mortgages on real property, including "rents from real property," dividends from other REITs and, in certain circumstances,
interest from certain types of temporary investments. At least 95% of our income must be derived from such real property investments, and from dividends, interest and gains from the sale or
dispositions of stock or securities or from other combinations of the foregoing. 

3

Table of Contents

        Subject
to REIT limitations, we may invest in the securities of other issuers in connection with acquisitions of indirect interests in real estate. Such an investment would normally be
in the form of a general or limited partnership or membership interests in special purpose partnerships and limited liability companies that own one or more properties. We may, in the future, acquire
all or substantially all of the securities or assets of other REITs, management companies or similar entities where such investments would be consistent with our investment policies. 

 Financing Policies 

        We do not have a policy limiting the number or amount of mortgages that may be placed on any particular property. We generally seek to
finance individual properties on a secured basis. However, mortgage financing instruments usually limit additional indebtedness on those properties. Typically, we invest in or form separate legal
entities to assist us in obtaining permanent financing at attractive terms. Permanent financing may be structured as a mortgage loan on a single property, or on a group of properties, and generally
requires us to provide a mortgage interest on the property in favor of an institutional third party or as a securitized financing. These legal entities are structured so that they would not
necessarily be consolidated in the event we became subject to a bankruptcy proceeding or liquidation. We decide upon the structure of the financing based upon the best terms available to us and
whether the proposed financing is consistent with our other business objectives. We include the outstanding securitized debt of legal entities owning consolidated properties as part of our
consolidated indebtedness. 

        We
are party to a revolving credit facility that requires us to satisfy certain affirmative and negative covenants and to meet financial ratios and tests, which may include ratios and
tests based on leverage, interest coverage and net worth. 

        If
our Board of Directors determines to seek additional capital, we may raise that capital through additional public equity or preferred equity offerings, public debt offerings, debt
financing, retention of cash flows, by creating joint ventures with existing ownership interests in properties or a combination of these methods. Our ability to retain cash flow is limited by the
requirement for REITs to pay tax on or distribute 100% of their taxable capital gains income and distribute at least 90% of their taxable income. 

        If
our Board of Directors determines to raise additional equity capital, it may, without stockholder approval, issue additional shares of common stock or other capital stock. The Board
of Directors may issue a number of shares up to the amount of our authorized capital in any manner and on such terms and for such consideration as it deems appropriate. Such securities may be senior
to the outstanding classes of common stock. Such securities also may include additional classes of preferred stock, which may be convertible into common stock. Any such offering could dilute a
stockholder's investment in us. Brookfield (as defined in Note 1) has preemptive rights to purchase our common stock as necessary to allow it to maintain its respective proportional ownership
interest in GGP on a fully diluted basis. 

        We
implemented a dividend reinvestment plan ("DRIP"). We may determine to pay dividends in a combination of cash and shares of common stock. 

 Conflict of Interest Policies 

        We maintain policies and have entered into agreements designed to reduce or eliminate potential conflicts of interest. We have adopted
governance principles governing our affairs and the Board of Directors, as well as written charters for each of the standing committees of the Board of Directors. In addition, we have a Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics, which was updated in 2013, and applies to all of our officers, directors, and employees. At least a majority of the members of our Board of Directors must qualify as
independent under the listing standards for NYSE companies. Any 

4

Table of Contents

transaction
between us and any director, officer or 5% stockholder must be approved pursuant to our Related Party Transaction Policy, including such transactions with Brookfield, our largest
stockholder. 

 Policies With Respect To Certain Other Activities 

        We intend to make investments which are consistent with our qualification as a REIT, unless the Board of Directors determines that it
is no longer in our best interests to qualify as a REIT. We have authority to offer shares of our common stock or other securities in exchange for property. We also have authority to repurchase or
otherwise reacquire our shares or any other securities. We may issue shares of our common stock, or cash at our option, to holders of units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership
in future periods upon exercise of such holders' rights under the Operating Partnership agreement. Our policy prohibits us from making any loans to our directors or executive officers for any purpose.
We may make loans to the joint ventures in which we participate. 

 Bankruptcy and Reorganization 

        In April 2009, GGP, Inc. and certain subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of Title 11 of
the United States Code in the bankruptcy court of the Southern District of New York (the "Bankruptcy Court"). On October 21, 2010, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order confirming
GGP, Inc.'s plan of reorganization (the "Plan"). Pursuant to the Plan, prepetition creditor claims were satisfied in full and equity holders received newly issued common stock in GGP and in
Howard Hughes Corporation ("HHC"). After that distribution, HHC became a publicly-held company. GGP has no remaining interest in HHC as of the Effective Date (as defined in Note 1). 

 Employees 

        As of January 24, 2014, we had approximately 1,500 employees. 

 Insurance 

        We have comprehensive liability, property and rental loss insurance with respect to our portfolio of properties. We believe that such
insurance provides adequate coverage. 

 Qualification as a REIT and Taxability of Distributions 

        The Company elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with the taxable year beginning July 2010, its date of incorporation, and the
Company intends to maintain REIT status, and therefore our operations will not be subject to Federal tax on real estate investment trust taxable income. A schedule detailing the taxability of
dividends for 2013, 2012 and 2011 has been presented in Note 11. 

 Available Information 

        Our Internet website address is www.ggp.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Interactive
Data Files, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available and may be accessed free of charge through the Investment section of our Internet website under the
Financial Information subsection, as soon as reasonably practicable after those documents are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Our Internet website and included or linked information on the
website are not intended to be incorporated into this Annual Report. Additionally, the public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street, N.E., Washington, DC 20549, and may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, which can be accessed at http://www.sec.gov. 

5

Table of Contents

 

 Business Risks 

 Regional and local economic conditions may adversely affect our business 

        Our real property investments are influenced by the regional and local economy, which may be negatively impacted by increased
unemployment, increased federal income and payroll taxes, increased state and local taxes, increased real estate taxes, industry slowdowns, lack of availability of consumer credit, increased levels of
consumer debt, poor housing market conditions, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, plant closings, and other factors. Similarly, local real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of, or a
reduction in demand for, retail space or retail goods, and the supply and creditworthiness of current and prospective tenants may negatively impact our properties. 

 Economic conditions, especially in the retail sector, may have an adverse effect on our revenues and available cash 

        Unemployment, increased federal income and payroll taxes, increased state and local real estate taxes, health care costs, weak income
growth, limited credit availability, and the need to pay down existing obligations may negatively impact consumer spending. Given these
economic conditions, we believe there is a risk that the sales at stores operating in our properties may be adversely affected, which may cause tenants to be unable to pay their rental obligations.
Because substantially all of our income is derived from rentals of real property, our income and available cash would be adversely affected if a significant number of tenants are unable to meet their
obligations. 

 We may be unable to lease or re-lease space in our properties on favorable terms or at all 

        Our results of operations depend on our ability to continue to lease space in our properties, including vacant space and re-leasing
space in properties where leases are expiring, optimizing our tenant mix or leasing properties on economically favorable terms. Because approximately ten to eleven percent of our total leases expire
annually, we are continually focused on leasing our properties. Similarly, we are pursuing a strategy of replacing expiring short-term leases with long-term leases. 

 The bankruptcy or store closures of national tenants, which are tenants with chains of stores in many of our properties, may adversely affect our revenues 

        Our leases generally contain provisions designed to ensure the creditworthiness of the tenant. However, companies in the retail
industry, including some of our tenants, have declared bankruptcy, or from time to time, have voluntarily closed certain of their stores. We may be unable to re-lease such space or to re-lease it on
comparable or more favorable terms, as such tenants help attract other tenants to the property. As a result, the bankruptcy or closure of a national tenant may adversely affect our revenues. In
addition, such closings may allow other tenants to modify their leases to terms that are less favorable for us, also adversely impacting our revenues. 

 Certain co-tenancy provisions in our lease agreements may result in reduced rent payments, which may adversely affect our operations and occupancy 

        Certain of our lease agreements include a co-tenancy provision which allows the tenant to pay a reduced rent amount and, in certain
instances, terminate the lease, if we fail to maintain certain occupancy levels. Therefore, if occupancy or tenancy falls below certain thresholds, rents we are entitled to receive from our retail
tenants could be reduced. 

6

Table of Contents

 It may be difficult to sell real estate quickly, and transfer restrictions apply to some of our properties 

        Real estate investments are relatively illiquid, which may limit our ability to strategically change our portfolio promptly in response
to changes in economic or other conditions. If revenues from a property declines while the related expenses do not decline, our income and cash available to us would be adversely affected. If it
becomes necessary or desirable for us to dispose of one or more of our mortgaged properties, we might not be able to obtain a release of the lien on the mortgaged property without payment of the
associated debt. The foreclosure of a mortgage on a property or inability to sell a property could adversely affect the level of cash available to us. 

 Our business is dependent on perceptions by retailers and shoppers of the convenience and attractiveness of our retail properties, and our inability to maintain a positive
perception may adversely affect our revenues 

        We are dependent on perceptions by retailers or shoppers of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our retail properties. If
retailers and shoppers perceive competing retail properties and other retailing options such as the internet to be more convenient or of a higher quality, our revenues may be adversely affected. 

 We develop and expand properties, and this activity is subject to risks due to economic factors 

        Capital investment to expand or develop our properties is anticipated to be an ongoing part of our strategy. In connection with such
projects, we will be subject to various risks, which may result in lower than expected returns or a loss. These risks include the following:

•

we may not have sufficient capital to proceed with planned expansion or development activities; 

•

construction costs of a project may exceed original estimates; 

•

we may not be able to obtain zoning, occupancy or other required governmental permits and authorizations; 

•

income at completed projects may not meet projections; and 

•

we may not be able to obtain anchor store, mortgage lender and property partner approvals, if applicable, for expansion or
development activities. 

7

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions may not be successful 

        Newly acquired properties may not perform as expected, such as not realizing expected occupancy and rental rates. In addition, we may
have unexpected costs and may be unable to finance or refinance the new properties at acceptable terms. If an acquisition is not successful, we may have a loss on our investment in the property. 

 We are in a competitive business 

        There are numerous retail formats that compete with our properties in attracting retailers to lease space. In addition, retailers at
our properties face continued competition from retailers at other regional malls, lifestyle and power centers, outlet malls and other discount shopping centers, discount shopping clubs, through
internet sales, catalog companies, and telemarketing. Competition of these types could adversely affect our revenues and cash flows. 

        We
compete with other major real estate investors with significant capital for attractive investment opportunities. These competitors include REITs, investment banking firms and private
institutional investors. 

        Our
ability to realize our strategies and capitalize on our competitive strengths are dependent on our ability to effectively operate a large portfolio of high quality properties,
maintain good relationships with our tenants and consumers, and remain well-capitalized. Our failure to do any of the foregoing could affect our ability to compete effectively in the markets in which
we operate. 

 Some of our properties are subject to potential natural or other disasters 

        A number of our properties are located in areas which are subject to natural or other disasters, including hurricanes and earthquakes.
Furthermore, many of our properties are located in coastal regions, and would therefore be affected by any future increases in sea levels. For example, certain of our properties are located in
California and Hawaii or in other areas with a higher risk of natural disasters such as earthquakes or tsunamis. 

 Possible terrorist activity or other acts of violence and threats to public safety could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations 

        Terrorist attacks in the United States or other acts of violence may result in declining economic activity, which could harm the demand
for goods and services offered by our tenants and the value of our properties and might adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities. Such a resulting decrease in retail demand could
make it difficult for us to renew or re-lease our properties. 

        Terrorist
activities or violence also could directly affect the value of our properties through damage, destruction or loss, and the availability of insurance for such acts, or of
insurance generally, might be reduced or cost more, which could increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. To the extent that our tenants
are affected by such attacks, their businesses similarly could be adversely affected, including their ability to continue to meet obligations under their existing leases. These acts might erode
business and consumer confidence and spending and might result in increased volatility in national and international financial markets and economies. Any one of these events might decrease demand for
real estate, decrease or delay the occupancy of our new or redeveloped properties, and limit our access to capital or increase our cost of raising capital. 

 We may incur costs to comply with environmental laws 

        Under various Federal, state or local laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner or operator of real estate may be
required to investigate and clean up hazardous or toxic substances released at a property, and may be held liable to third parties for bodily injury or property damage (investigation and/or clean-up
costs) incurred by the parties in connection with the contamination. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of the release 

8

Table of Contents

of
the hazardous or toxic substances. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect the owner's ability to sell, lease or borrow with respect to the real
estate. Other Federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations require abatement or removal of asbestos-containing materials in the event of demolition or certain renovations or remodeling,
the cost of which may be substantial for certain redevelopments, and also govern emissions of and exposure to asbestos fibers in the air. Federal and state laws also regulate the operation and removal
of underground storage tanks. In connection with the ownership, operation and management of certain properties, we could be held liable for the costs of remedial action with respect to these regulated
substances or tanks or related claims. 

        Our