. 

The
Company faces a number of significant risks and uncertainties in connection
with its operations. The most significant of these are described below. These
risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones facing the Company. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known, or currently deemed immaterial,
may adversely affect the Company in the future. In addition to the other
information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, investors should
carefully consider the following risk factors. If any of the events or
developments described below occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on
the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

·

Failure
to Comply With Statutory and Regulatory Requirements Could Result in Loss of
Access to U.S. Federal Student Loans and Grants Under Title IV, a Requirement
to Pay Fines or Monetary Liabilities or Other Sanctions 

To maintain Title IV
eligibility, each group of schools combined into an OPEID unit must comply with
the extensive statutory and regulatory requirements of the Higher Education Act
and other laws relating to its financial aid management, educational programs,
financial strength, facilities, recruiting practices and various other matters.
Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the loss or
limitation of the eligibility of one or more of the KHE schools to participate
in Title IV programs, a requirement to pay fines or to repay Title IV program
funds, a denial or refusal by the DOE to consider a school’s application for
renewal of its certification to participate in the Title IV programs or for
approval to add a new campus or education program, civil or criminal penalties
or other sanctions. No assurance can be given that the Kaplan schools and
programs currently participating in Title IV programs will maintain their Title
IV eligibility, accreditation 

33

and state authorization
in the future or that the DOE might not successfully assert that one or more of
such schools or programs have previously failed to comply with Title IV
requirements. The loss of Title IV eligibility by either (1) the single
OPEID unit that includes Kaplan University or (2) a combination of other
OPEID units would have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results.

·

Program
Reviews, Audits, Investigations and Other Reviews of KHE Schools Could Result
in Findings of Failure to Comply With Statutory and Regulatory Requirements 

KHE schools are
subject to program reviews, audits, investigations and other compliance reviews
conducted by various regulatory agencies and auditors, including, among others,
the DOE, the DOE’s Office of the Inspector General, accrediting bodies and state
and various other agencies, as well as annual audits by an independent
certified public accountant of each OPEID unit’s compliance with Title IV
statutory and regulatory requirements. These compliance reviews can result in
findings of noncompliance with statutory and regulatory requirements that can,
in turn, result in proceedings to impose fines, liabilities, civil or criminal
penalties or other sanctions against the school, including loss or limitation
of its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. Certain KHE schools are
the subject of ongoing compliance reviews and lawsuits related to their
compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements and may be subject to
future compliance reviews. 

KHE schools also may
be subject to complaints and lawsuits by present or former students or
employees or other persons related to compliance with statutory, common law and
regulatory requirements that, if successful, could result in monetary
liabilities or fines or other sanctions. 

·

Reductions
in the Amount of Funds Available to Students, Including under Title IV Programs,
in KHE Schools, Changes in the Terms on Which Such Funds Are Made Available or
Loss or Limitation of Eligibility to Receive Such Funds 

During the Company’s
2011 fiscal year, funds provided under the student financial aid programs
created under Title IV accounted for approximately $1,110 million of the revenues
of the schools in KHE. Any legislative, regulatory or other development that
has the effect of materially reducing the amount of Title IV financial
assistance or other funds available to the students of those schools would have
a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and operations. In addition, any
development that has the effect of making the terms on which Title IV financial
assistance or other funds are available to students of those schools materially
less attractive could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and
operations. 

·

Recent
Regulatory Changes Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Kaplan’s Business
and Operations 

New regulations went
into effect on July 1, 2011, relating to various “program integrity” topics.
The topics covered in the new regulations include, but are not limited to, the
following: 

•    Revisions to the
incentive compensation rule (see separate risk factor discussed below); 

•    Expansion of the
notice and approval requirements for adding new academic programs and new
reporting and disclosure requirements for academic programs; 

•    Revision and
expansion of the types of activities that are deemed a “substantial
misrepresentation” and the ability of the DOE to enforce the provisions; 

•    Requirement that
states authorize institutions and set forth certain minimum requirements to
obtain such authorizations; 

•    Limiting
agreements between related institutions; 

•    Defining a
“credit hour”; 

•    Administration
of ability-to-benefit examinations; 

•    Student
attendance requirements; 

•    Proof of high
school graduation; 

•    Verification of
information included on student aid applications; 

•    Satisfactory
academic progress; 

•    Retaking
coursework; 

•    Return of Title
IV funds; and 

•    Disbursements of
Title IV funds. 

34

The
implementation of these new regulations required Kaplan to change its practices
to comply with these requirements and has increased its administrative costs.
The changes to its practices or its inability to comply with the final
regulations could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and
results of operations. 

·

Compliance
With Recently Adopted Regulations Regarding Incentive Compensation Can Make It
Difficult for Kaplan to Attract Students and Retain Qualified Personnel 

Under
the incentive compensation rule, an institution participating in the Title IV
programs may not provide any commission, bonus or other incentive payment to
any person or entity engaged in any student recruiting or admission activities
or in making decisions regarding the awarding of Title IV funds if such payment
is based directly or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial
aid. On July 1, 2011, new regulations went into effect that amended the
incentive compensation rule by reducing the scope of permissible payments under
the rule and expanding the scope of payments and employees subject to the rule.
The Company cannot predict how the DOE will interpret and enforce the revised
incentive compensation rule or the full effect the new rule will have on the
results of KHE. KHE modified some of its compensation practices as a result of
the revisions to the incentive compensation rule. These changes to compensation
arrangements can make it difficult to attract students and to provide adequate
incentives to promote superior job performance and retain qualified personnel,
and could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and results of
operations. 

·

New
DOE Rule Regarding Gainful Employment Resulted in Regulatory Changes That Could
Have a Material Adverse Effect on Kaplan’s Business and Operations 

In June
2011, the DOE issued final regulations that tie an education program’s Title IV
eligibility to whether the program leads to gainful employment. The regulations
define an education program that leads to gainful employment as one that
complies with the following gainful employment metrics as calculated under the
complex formulas prescribed in the regulations:  (1) the average annual loan
payment for program graduates is 12% or less of annual earnings; (2) the
average annual loan payment for program graduates is 30% or less of
discretionary income (generally defined as annual earnings above 150% of the U.S.
Federal poverty level); and (3) the U.S. Federal loan repayment rate must be at
least 35% for loans owed by students for attendance in the program regardless
of whether they graduated.

If a
program fails all three of the gainful employment metrics in a single U.S.
Federal fiscal year, the DOE requires the institution, among other things, to
disclose to current and prospective students the amount by which the program
under-performed the metrics and the institution’s plan for program improvement,
and to establish a three-day waiting period before students can enroll. Should
a program fail to achieve the metrics twice within three years, the Department
requires the institution, among other things, to disclose to current and prospective
students that they should expect to have difficulty repaying their student
loans; that the program is at risk of losing eligibility to receive U.S.
Federal financial aid; and that transfer options exist (including providing
resources to students to research other educational options and compare program
costs). Should a program fail three times within a four-year period, the DOE would
terminate the program’s eligibility for U.S. Federal student aid, and the
institution would not be able to reestablish the program’s eligibility for at
least three years, although the program could continue to operate without
student aid. The final rule is scheduled to go into effect on July 1,
2012. However, the first final debt measures will not be released until 2013,
and a program cannot lose eligibility until 2015.

The
continuing eligibility of Kaplan’s education programs for Title IV funding
may be affected by factors beyond its control, such as changes in the actual or
deemed income level of Kaplan graduates, changes in student borrowing levels,
increases in interest rates, changes in the U.S. Federal poverty income level
relevant for calculating the discretionary income test, changes in the
percentage of former students who are current in repayment of their student loans
and other factors.  To the extent any of these events occur, Kaplan may need to
eliminate or limit enrollments in certain educational programs at some or all
of its schools in order to comply with the new regulations, which could have a
material adverse effect on its business and operations.

·

Congressional
Examination of For-Profit Education Could Lead to Legislation or Other
Governmental Action That May Materially and Adversely Affect Kaplan’s Business 

Throughout 2010 and
2011, there was increased attention by Congress on the role that for-profit
educational institutions play in higher education, including their
participation in Title IV programs and U.S. Department of Defense oversight of
tuition assistance for military service members attending for-profit colleges.
Since June 2010, the HELP Committee has held a series of hearings to examine
the for-profit education sector.

At this time, the
Company cannot predict the ultimate impact that the investigation may have on KHE,
or the likelihood of or content of any future legislation. 

35

Other committees of
the Congress have also held hearings into, among other things, the standards
and procedures of accrediting agencies, credit hours and program length and the
portion of U.S. Federal student financial aid going to for-profit institutions.
Several legislators have variously requested the U.S. Government Accountability
Office to review and make recommendations regarding, among other things,
student recruitment practices; educational quality; student outcomes; the
sufficiency of integrity safeguards against waste, fraud and abuse in Title IV
programs; and the percentage of proprietary institutions’ revenue coming from
Title IV and other U.S. Federal funding sources. This increased activity may
result in legislation, further rulemaking affecting participation in Title IV
programs and other governmental actions. In addition, concerns generated by
congressional or other activity, or media reports, may adversely affect
enrollment in for-profit educational institutions. 

Kaplan
cannot predict the extent to which these activities could result in further
investigations, legislation or rulemaking affecting its participation in Title
IV programs, other governmental actions and/or actions by state agencies or
legislators or by accreditors. If any laws or regulations are adopted that
significantly limit Kaplan’s participation in Title IV programs or the amount
of student financial aid for which Kaplan’s students are eligible, Kaplan’s
results of operations and cash flows would be adversely and materially
impacted.

·

The
Kaplan Commitment Has Materially Impacted Operating Results and Is Expected to
Continue to Do So 

In the fourth quarter
of 2010, KHE phased in a new program, called the Kaplan Commitment. Under this
program students of Kaplan University, Kaplan College and other KHE schools
enroll in classes for several weeks and assess whether their educational
experience meets their needs and expectations before they incur any significant
financial obligation. Kaplan also conducts academic assessments to help
determine whether students are likely to be successful in their chosen course
of study. Students who choose to withdraw from the program during the risk-free
period, and students who do not pass the academic evaluation do not have to pay
for the coursework. In general, the risk-free period is approximately four
weeks for diploma programs and five weeks for associate’s, bachelor’s and master’s
degree programs. 

    The Kaplan
Commitment program, along with generally lower demand, has resulted in 37%
declines in new enrollments in 2011. Kaplan estimates that without the Kaplan
Commitment, this decline would have been approximately 20% in 2011. Kaplan also
estimates that revenue for 2011 would have been approximately $63 million
higher if the Kaplan Commitment had not been implemented. This program and
related initiatives will likely continue to have a significant impact on the
future operations of KHE, including student enrollment and retention, tuition
revenues, operating income and cash flow. However, Kaplan is not able to
estimate whether the Kaplan Commitment will cause student retention patterns to
differ from historical levels. The Kaplan Commitment is expected to continue to
have a material impact on Kaplan’s operating results.

·

Student
Loan Defaults Could Result in Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV
Programs 

A school may lose its
eligibility to participate in Title IV programs if student defaults on the
repayment of Title IV loans exceed specified rates, referred to as “cohort
default rates.” The DOE calculates a cohort default rate for each of KHE’s
OPEID numbers. The schools in an OPEID number whose cohort default rate exceeds
40% for any single year lose their eligibility to participate in the FFEL and
Direct Loan programs effective 30 days after notification from the DOE and for
at least two fiscal years, except in the event of a successful adjustment or
appeal. The schools in an OPEID number whose cohort default rate equals or
exceeds 25% for three consecutive years lose their Title IV eligibility to
participate in FFEL, Direct Loan and U.S. Federal Pell Grant programs effective
30 days after notification from the DOE and for at least two fiscal years,
except in the event of a successful adjustment or appeal. The schools in an
OPEID number whose cohort default rate equals or exceeds 25% in any one of the
three most recent fiscal years for which rates have been issued by the DOE may
be placed on provisional certification by the DOE. 

The enactment in August
2008 of HEOA (which reauthorized the Higher Education Act) changed the
methodology that will be used to calculate cohort default rates for future
years. Under the revised law, the period of time for which student defaults are
tracked and included in the cohort default rate calculation is extended by a
year, which is expected to increase the cohort default rates for most
institutions. That change became effective with the calculation of
institutions’ cohort default rates for the U.S. Federal fiscal year ending
September 30, 2009; those rates are expected to be calculated and issued
by the DOE in 2012. The DOE will not impose sanctions based on rates calculated
under this new methodology until rates for three consecutive years have been
calculated, which is expected to occur in 2014. Until that time, the DOE will
continue to calculate rates under the old method and impose sanctions based on
those rates. The revised law also increases the threshold for ending an
institution’s participation in certain Title IV programs from 25% to 30% for
three consecutive years, effective for three-year cohort default rates issued
beginning in fiscal year 2012. The revised law changes the threshold for
placement on provisional certification to 30% for two of the three most recent
fiscal years for which the DOE has published official three-year cohort default
rates.

36

The two-year cohort
default rate for Kaplan University (which comprises 68.1% of KHE’s revenue) for
the U.S. Federal fiscal year periods 2009, 2008 and 2007 were 17.3%, 17.2%, and
13.3%, respectively. The cohort default rates for the remaining KHE reporting
units for those U.S. Federal fiscal year periods ranged from 9.8% to 23.9%,
5.8% to 25.7%, and 7.8% to 28.7%, respectively. 

For the 2009 cohort
year, no reporting unit had a cohort default rate of 25% or more, and none had
two or more years above 25%. Two-year cohort default rates for the 2010
cohort year and three-year cohort default rates for the 2009 cohort year will
be issued in final form by the DOE in September 2012. The loss of Title IV
eligibility by either (1) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan
University or (2) a combination of two or more other OPEID units would
have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

·

Loss
of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs If Title IV Revenues Exceed U.S.
Federally-Set Percentage 

Under regulations
referred to as the 90/10 rule, a KHE OPEID unit would lose its eligibility to
participate in the Title IV programs for a period of at least two fiscal years
if it derives more than 90% of its receipts from the Title IV programs for
two consecutive fiscal years, commencing with the unit’s first fiscal year that
ends after August 14, 2008. Any OPEID reporting unit with receipts from
the Title IV programs exceeding 90% for a single fiscal year ending after
August 14, 2008, would be placed on provisional certification and may be
subject to other enforcement measures. The enactment of the U.S. Federal Ensuring
Continued Access to Student Loans Act of 2008 increased student loan limits and
the maximum amount of Pell Grants, which could result in an increase in the
percentage of KHE’s receipts from Title IV programs. These increases, and
any future increases or changes in the 90/10 calculation formula, make it more
difficult for institutions to comply with the 90/10 rule. HEOA has provided
temporary relief from the impact of the loan limit increases by treating as
non-Title IV revenue any amounts received between July 1, 2008, and
June 30, 2011, that are attributable to the increased annual loan limits.
Absent relief from the loan limit increases, Kaplan University would have a
90/10 ratio of 82.4% in 2011, and the remaining KHE OPEID numbers would have
90/10 percentages ranging between 74.2% and 91.4%. The loss of Title IV
eligibility by either (1) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan
University or (2) a combination of other OPEID units would have a material
adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

·

Failure
to Maintain Institutional Accreditation Could Lead to Loss of Ability to
Participate in Title IV Programs 

KHE’s online
university and all of its ground campuses are institutionally accredited by one
or another of a number of national and regional accreditors recognized by the DOE.
Accreditation by an accrediting agency recognized by the DOE is required for an
institution to become and remain eligible to participate in Title IV programs.
The loss of accreditation would, among other things, render the affected Kaplan
schools and programs ineligible to participate in Title IV programs and would
have a material adverse effect on its business and operations. 

·

Failure
to Maintain Programmatic Accreditation Could Lead to Loss of Ability to Provide
Certain Education Programs and Failure to Obtain Programmatic Accreditation May
Lead to Declines in Enrollments in Unaccredited Programs

.  

Programmatic
accreditation is the process through which specific programs are reviewed and
approved by industry
- 
 and program
-
specific accrediting entities. Although
programmatic accreditation is not generally necessary for Title IV eligibility,
such accreditation may be required to allow students to sit for certain
licensure exams or to work in a particular profession or career.  Failure
to obtain or maintain such programmatic accreditation may require schools to
discontinue programs that would not provide appropriate outcomes without that
accreditation or may lead to a decline in enrollment in

programs due a perceived or real reduction in program value.

·

Failure
to Maintain State Authorizations Could Cause Loss of Ability to Operate and to
Participate in Title IV Programs in Some States 

KHE’s ground campuses
and online university are subject to state-level regulation and oversight by
state licensing agencies, whose approval is necessary to allow an institution
to operate and grant degrees or diplomas in the state. Institutions that
participate in Title IV programs must be legally authorized to operate in the
state in which the institution is physically located. The loss of such
authorization would preclude the campuses or online university from offering
postsecondary education and render students ineligible to participate in Title
IV programs. Loss of authorization at those state campus locations, or, in
states that require it, for Kaplan University online, could have a material
adverse effect on KHE’s business and operations. 

Some states have
sought to assert jurisdiction over online education institutions that offer
education services to residents in the state or to institutions that advertise
or recruit in the state, notwithstanding the lack of a physical location in the
state. State regulatory requirements for online education vary among the
states, are not well developed in many states, 

37

are
imprecise or unclear in some states and are subject to change. If KHE is found
not to be in compliance with an applicable state regulation and a state seeks
to restrict one or more of its business activities within its boundaries, it
may not be able to recruit or enroll students in that state and may have to
cease providing services and advertising in that state. 

New regulations went
into effect on July 1, 2011, that expand the requirements for an
institution to be considered legally authorized in the state in which it is physically
located, for Title IV purposes. In some cases, the regulations require states
to revise their current requirements and/or to license schools in order for
institutions to be deemed legally authorized in those states and, in turn, to
participate in the Title IV programs. If the states do not amend their
requirements where necessary and if schools do not receive approvals where
necessary that comply with these new requirements, then the institution could
be deemed to lack the state authorization necessary to participate in the Title
IV programs. 

In addition, new DOE
rules currently under judicial review may require institutions offering
postsecondary education to students through distance education in a state in
which the institution is not physically located or in which it is otherwise
subject to state jurisdiction, as determined by the state, to meet any state
requirements for it to legally offer postsecondary distance education in that
state. The regulations require an institution to document upon request by the DOE
that it has the applicable state approval. As a result, some of KHE’s schools
and distance education programs may be required to obtain additional or revised
state authorizations. If KHE is unable to obtain the required approvals, its
students in the affected schools or programs may be unable to receive Title IV
funds, which could have a material adverse effect on its business and
operations. 

·

Failure
to Correctly Calculate or Timely Return Title IV Funds for Students Who
Withdraw Prior to Completing Programs Could Result in a Requirement to Post a
Letter of Credit or Other Sanctions 

DOE regulations
require schools participating in Title IV programs to calculate correctly and
return on a timely basis unearned Title IV funds disbursed to students who
withdraw from a program of study prior to completion. These funds must be
returned in a timely manner, generally within 45 days of the date the school
determines that the student has withdrawn. Under DOE regulations, failure to
make timely returns of Title IV program funds for 5% or more of students
sampled in a school’s annual compliance audit in either of its two most
recently completed fiscal years could result in a requirement that the school
post a letter of credit in an amount equal to 25% of its prior year-returns of
Title IV program funds. If unearned funds are not properly calculated and
returned in a timely manner, an institution is also subject to monetary
liabilities, fines or other sanctions. 

·

Failure
to Demonstrate Financial Responsibility Could Result in a Requirement to Submit
Letters of Credit to the DOE, Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV
Programs or Other Sanctions 

An institution
participating in the Title IV programs must comply with certain measures of
financial responsibility under the  Higher Education Act and under DOE
regulations. Among other things, the applicable regulations require an
institution to achieve a composite score of at least 1.5, as calculated under DOE
regulations, based on data in annual financial statements submitted to the DOE.
If an institution fails to achieve a composite score of 1.5 or fails to comply
with other financial responsibility standards, the DOE may place conditions on
the institution’s participation in the Title IV programs and may require the
institution to submit to the DOE a letter of credit in an amount of at least
10% to 50% of the institution’s annual Title IV participation for its most
recent fiscal year. The DOE has measured the compliance of KHE schools, based
on the composite score of the division. If one or more of the institutions in KHE
fail to meet the composite score standard or any of the other financial
responsibility standards, those institutions may be required to post a letter
of credit in favor of the DOE and possibly may be subject to other sanctions,
including limitation or termination of their participation in Title IV
programs. A requirement to post a letter of credit or the imposition of any one
or more other sanctions by the DOE could have a material adverse effect on
Kaplan’s results of operations. 

·

Failure
to Demonstrate Administrative Capability Could Result in Loss of Eligibility to
Participate in Title IV Programs or Other Sanctions 

DOE regulations
specify extensive criteria that an institution must satisfy to establish that
it has the required “administrative capability” to participate in Title IV
programs. These criteria include, but are not limited to, requirements relating
to the institution’s compliance with all applicable Title IV requirements; the
institution’s administration of Title IV programs; the institution’s compliance
with certain reporting, disclosure and record-keeping obligations; and the
institution’s ability to maintain cohort default rates below prescribed
thresholds. Failure to comply with these criteria could result in the loss or
limitation of the eligibility of one or more of the schools in KHE to
participate in the Title IV programs, a requirement to pay fines or to repay
Title IV program funds, a denial or refusal by the DOE to consider a school’s
application for renewal of its certification to participate in the Title IV
programs, civil or criminal penalties or other 

38

sanctions.
Any one or more of these actions by the DOE could have a material adverse
effect on Kaplan’s results of operations. 

·

Failure
to Obtain Regulatory Approval of Transactions Involving a Change of Control May
Result in Loss of Ability to Operate Schools or to Participate in U.S. Federal
Student Financial Aid Programs. 

If one or more of KHE’s
schools experiences a change of control under the standards of applicable state
agencies, accrediting agencies or the DOE, the schools governed by such
agencies must seek the approval of the relevant agencies. Failure of any of KHE’s
schools to reestablish its state authorization, accreditation or DOE
certification following a change of control as defined by the applicable agency
could result in a suspension of operating authority or suspension or loss of U.S.
Federal student financial aid funding, which could have a material adverse
effect on KHE’s student population and revenue. 

·

Actions
of Other Postsecondary Education Institutions and Related Media Coverage May
Negatively Influence the Regulatory Environment and Kaplan’s Reputation 

The HELP Committee
hearings, along with other recent investigations and lawsuits, have included
allegations of, among other things, deceptive trade practices, false claims
against the U.S. and noncompliance with state and DOE regulations. These
allegations have attracted significant adverse media coverage. Allegations
against the overall student lending and postsecondary education sectors may
impact general public perceptions of private-sector educational institutions,
including Kaplan, in a negative manner. Adverse media coverage regarding other
educational institutions or regarding Kaplan directly could damage its
reputation, reduce student demand for Kaplan programs, adversely impact its
revenues and operating profit or result in increased regulatory scrutiny. 

·

Changes
in the Extent to Which Standardized Tests Are Used in the Admissions Process by
Colleges or Graduate Schools Could Reduce Demand for KTP Offerings 

A substantial portion
of Kaplan’s revenue is generated by KTP. The source of this income is fees
charged for courses that prepare students for a broad range of admissions
examinations that are required for admission to colleges and graduate schools.
Historically, colleges and graduate schools have required standardized tests as
part of the admissions process. There has been some movement away from this
historical reliance on standardized admissions tests among a small number of
colleges that have adopted “test-optional” admissions policies. Any significant
reduction in the use of standardized tests in the college or graduate school
admissions process could have an adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

·

Changes
in the Extent to Which Licensing and Proficiency Examinations Are Used to
Qualify Individuals to Pursue Certain Careers Could Reduce Demand for Kaplan Offerings

A substantial portion
of PACE and Kaplan International’s revenue comes from preparing individuals for
licensing or technical proficiency examinations in various fields. Any
significant relaxation or elimination of licensing or technical proficiency requirements
in those fields served by PACE and Kaplan International’s businesses could
negatively impact Kaplan’s operating results. 

·

System
Disruptions and Security Threats to the Company’s Technology Infrastructure
Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on its Businesses

Kaplan’s
reputation and ability to attract and retain students is highly dependent on
the performance and reliability of its information technology platforms with
respect to its online and campus-based education offerings. Kaplan’s delivery
of these programs could be negatively affected due to events beyond its
control, including natural disasters and network and telecommunications
failures. Any such computer system error or failure could result in a
significant outage that materially disrupts Kaplan’s online and on-ground
operations. 

The
Company’s computer networks may also be vulnerable to unauthorized access,
computer hackers, computer viruses and other security threats. The Company has,
and will continue to, expend significant resources to protect against the
threat of security breaches, but its systems may still be vulnerable to these
threats. A user who circumvents security measures could misappropriate
proprietary information or cause disruptions or malfunctions in operations. Any
of these events could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business
and results of operations.

§

Failure
to Successfully Assimilate Acquired Businesses 

The Company’s Kaplan
subsidiary has historically been an active acquirer of businesses that provide
educational services. Consistent with this historical trend, during 2011 Kaplan
completed five acquisitions. Acquisitions involve various inherent risks and
uncertainties, including difficulties in efficiently integrating the service
offerings, accounting and other 

39

administrative systems
of an acquired business; the challenges of assimilating and retaining key
personnel; the consequences of diverting the attention of senior management
from existing operations; the possibility that an acquired business does not
meet or exceed the financial projections that supported the purchase price; and
the possible failure of the due diligence process to identify significant
business risks or undisclosed liabilities associated with the acquired
business. A failure to effectively manage growth and integrate acquired
businesses could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

·

Difficulties
of Managing Foreign Operations 

Kaplan has operations
and investments in a growing number of foreign countries, including Canada,
Mexico, the U.K., Ireland, France, Israel, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore,
India and China. Operating in foreign countries presents a number of inherent
risks, including the difficulties of complying with unfamiliar laws and regulations,
effectively managing and staffing foreign operations, successfully navigating
local customs and practices, preparing for potential political and economic
instability and adapting to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Failure to
effectively manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s
operating results. 

·

Changes
in International Regulatory and Physical Environments Could Negatively Affect
International Student Enrollments 

A substantial portion
of Kaplan International’s revenue comes from programs that prepare
international students to study and travel to English-speaking countries,
principally the U.S., the U.K., Australia and Singapore. Kaplan International’s
ability to enroll students in these programs is directly dependent on its
ability to comply with complex regulatory environments. A recent example of
this is the immigration regulatory changes in the U.K., which impose
recruitment quotas and stringent progress criteria as requirements for the
maintenance of certain overseas student recruitment licenses. Any significant
changes to the regulatory environment or a natural disaster or pandemic in
either the students’ countries of origin or the countries to which they desire
to travel or study could negatively affect Kaplan’s ability to attract and
retain such students, which could negatively impact Kaplan’s operating results.

·

Changing
Preferences of Readers or Viewers Away From Traditional Media Outlets 

The rates that the
Company’s print publishing and television broadcasting businesses can charge
for advertising are directly related to the number of readers and viewers of
its publications and broadcasts. There is tremendous competition for readers
and viewers from other media. The Company’s publishing and television broadcasting
businesses will be adversely affected to the extent that individuals decide to
obtain news, entertainment, classified listings and local shopping information
from Internet-based or other media to the exclusion of the Company’s digital
media offerings, print publications and broadcasts. 

·

Changing
Perceptions About the Effectiveness of Publishing and Television Broadcasting
in Delivering Advertising 

Historically,
newspaper publishing and television broadcasting have been viewed as
cost-effective methods of delivering various forms of advertising. There can be
no guarantee that this historical perception will guide future decisions by
advertisers. To the extent that advertisers shift advertising expenditures to
other media outlets, the profitability of the Company’s publishing and
television broadcasting businesses will suffer. 

·

Increased
Competition Resulting From Technological Innovations in News, Information and
Video Programming Distribution Systems 

The development of DBS
systems has significantly increased the competition faced by the Company’s
cable television systems. In addition, the continuing growth and technological
expansion of Internet-based services has increased competitive pressure on
the Company’s media businesses. The development and deployment of new
technologies have the potential to negatively and dramatically affect the
Company’s businesses in ways that cannot now be reliably predicted and that may
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operating results. 

·

Changes
in the Nature and Extent of Government Regulations in the Case of Television
Broadcasting, Cable Television and VoIP Services 

The Company’s
television broadcasting and cable television businesses operate in highly
regulated environments. The Company’s VoIP services business also is subject to
a growing degree of regulation. Complying with applicable regulations has
significantly increased, and may continue to increase, the costs and has reduced
the revenues of these businesses. Changes in regulations have the potential to
further negatively impact those businesses, not only by increasing compliance
costs and reducing revenues through restrictions on certain types of
advertising, limitations on pricing flexibility or other means, but also by
possibly creating more favorable regulatory environments for the providers of 

40

competing services. More generally, all of the Company’s
businesses could have their profitability or their competitive positions
adversely affected by significant changes in applicable regulations. 

·

Potential
Liability for Intellectual Property Infringement Could Adversely Affect the
Company’s Businesses  

The
Company periodically receives claims from third parties alleging that the
Company’s businesses infringe the intellectual property rights of others. It is
likely that the Company will continue to be subject to similar claims,
particularly as they relate to its media and cable businesses. For example,
providers of services similar to those offered by Cable ONE have been the
target of patent infringement claims from time to time, relating to such
matters as cable system architecture, electronic program guides, cable modem
technology and VoIP services. Other parts of the Company’s business could also
be subject to such claims. Addressing intellectual product claims is a
time-consuming and expensive endeavor, regardless of the merits of the claims.
In order to resolve such a claim, the Company could determine the need to
change its method of doing business, enter into a licensing agreement or incur
substantial monetary liability. It is also possible that one of the Company’s
businesses could be enjoined from using the intellectual property at issue,
causing it to significantly alter its operations. Although the Company cannot
predict the impact at this time, if any such claims are successful, the outcome
would likely affect the businesses utilizing the intellectual property at issue
and could have a material adverse effect on those businesses’ operating results
or prospects.        

·

Failure
to Comply With Privacy Laws or Regulations Could Have an Adverse Effect on the
Company’s Business

Various federal,
state and international laws and regulations govern the collection, use,
retention, sharing and security of consumer data. This area of the law is evolving
and interpretations of applicable laws and regulations differ.  Legislative
activity in the privacy area may result in new laws that are relevant to the
Company’s operations, for example, use of consumer data for marketing or
advertising.  Claims of failure to comply with the Company’s privacy policies
or applicable laws or regulations could form the basis of governmental or
private party actions against the Company.  Such claims and actions may cause
damage to the Company’s reputation and could have an adverse effect on the
Company’s business.

·

Changes
in the Cost or Availability of Raw Materials, Particularly Newsprint 

The Company’s
newspaper publishing businesses collectively spend significant amounts each
year on newsprint. Increases in the cost of newsprint or significant
disruptions in the supply of newsprint could have a material adverse
effect on the operating results of the Company’s newspaper publishing
businesses.