.

 The Company faces a number of significant risks and
 uncertainties in connection with its operations. The most
 significant of these are described below. These risks and
 uncertainties may not be the only ones facing the Company.
 Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or
 currently deemed immaterial, may adversely affect the Company in
 the future. If any of the events or developments described below
 occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on the
 Company’s business, financial condition or results of
 operations.

 • 

 Reductions in the Amount of Funds Available to Students,
 including under the Federal Title IV Programs, in
 Kaplan’s Higher Education Schools Or Changes in the Terms
 on Which Such Funds Are Made Available

 During the Company’s 2007 fiscal year, funds provided under
 the student financial aid programs created under Title IV
 of the Federal Higher Education Act accounted for approximately
 $745 million of the net revenues of the schools in
 Kaplan’s Higher Education Schools. Any legislative,
 regulatory or other development that has the effect of
 materially reducing the amount of Title IV financial
 assistance or other funds available to the students of those
 schools would have a significant adverse effect on Kaplan’s
 operating results. In addition, any development that has the
 effect of making the terms on which Title IV financial
 assistance or other funds are available to students of those
 schools materially less attractive could have an adverse effect
 on Kaplan’s operating results.

 • 

 Tighter Lending Standards Imposed by Private Lenders

 Students obtain financing from a number of sources. In addition
 to funds available under the Federal Title IV programs in
 the form of federal loans and grants, students often obtain
 loans from private lenders. In response to a general tightening
 in the credit markets, lenders have announced that they will
 apply more stringent lending standards for loans to students. A
 significant reduction in the ability of students to obtain loans
 from private lenders could lead to reduced enrollment in Kaplan
 schools. Kaplan Higher Education estimates that approximately 9%
 of its revenue comes from students who obtain loans from private
 lenders.

 • 

 Failure to Maintain Institutional Accreditation Could Lead to
 Loss of Ability to Participate in Title IV Programs

 Each of Kaplan Higher Education’s ground campuses and
 online university are institutionally accredited by one or
 another of a number of national and regional accreditors
 recognized by the U.S. Department of Education.
 Accreditation by an accrediting agency recognized by the
 U.S. Department of Education is required for an institution
 to become and remain eligible to participate in Title IV
 programs. The loss of accreditation would, among other things,
 render Kaplan schools and programs ineligible to participate in
 Title IV programs and would have a material adverse effect
 on its business.

 • 

 Failure to Maintain State Authorizations Could Cause Loss of
 Ability to Operate and to Participate in Title IV Programs
 in Some States

 Kaplan Higher Education ground campuses and online university
 are authorized to operate and to grant degrees, certificates or
 diplomas by the applicable state agency of each state where such
 authorization is required. Such state authorization is required
 for each campus located in the state or, in the case of states
 that require it, for Kaplan University online to offer
 post-secondary education. In either case, state authorization is
 required for students at

  28 THE WASHINGTON POST
 COMPANY

Table of Contents

 Higher Education campuses or
 enrolled in online programs to be eligible to participate in
 Title IV programs. The loss of such authorization would
 preclude the campuses or online university from offering
 post-secondary education and render students ineligible to
 participate in Title IV programs. Loss of authorization at
 those state campus locations or, in states that require it for
 Kaplan University online, could have a material adverse effect
 on Kaplan Higher Education’s business.

 • 

 Changes in the Extent to Which Standardized Tests Are Used in
 the Admissions Process by Colleges or Graduate Schools

 A substantial portion of Kaplan’s operating income is
 generated by its Test Prep and Admissions operations. The source
 of this income is fees charged for courses that prepare students
 for a broad range of admissions examinations that are required
 for admission to colleges and graduate schools. Historically,
 colleges and graduate schools have required standardized tests
 as part of the admissions process. There has been some movement
 away from this historical reliance on standardized admissions
 tests among a small number of colleges that have adopted
 “test-optional” admissions policies. Any significant
 reduction in the use of standardized tests in the college or
 graduate school admissions process could have an adverse effect
 on Kaplan’s operating results.

 • 

 Changes in the Extent to Which Licensing and Proficiency
 Examinations Are Used to Qualify Individuals to Pursue Certain
 Careers

 A substantial portion of Kaplan Professional’s revenue
 comes from preparing individuals for licensing or technical
 proficiency examinations in various fields. Any significant
 relaxation or elimination of licensing or technical proficiency
 requirements in those fields served by Kaplan’s
 Professional Division could negatively impact Kaplan’s
 operating results.

 • 

 Failure to Successfully Assimilate Acquired Businesses

 The Company’s Kaplan subsidiary has historically been an
 active acquirer of businesses that provide educational services.
 Consistent with this historical trend, during 2007 Kaplan
 completed a total of nine acquisitions. Acquisitions involve
 various inherent risks and uncertainties, including difficulties
 in efficiently integrating the service offerings, accounting and
 other administrative systems of an acquired business; the
 challenges of assimilating and retaining key personnel; the
 consequences of diverting the attention of senior management
 from existing operations; the possibility that an acquired
 business does not meet or exceed the financial projections that
 supported the purchase price; and the possible failure of the
 due diligence process to identify significant business risks or
 undisclosed liabilities associated with the acquired business. A
 failure to effectively manage growth and integrate acquired
 businesses could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s
 operating results.

 • 

 Difficulties of Managing Foreign Operations

 Kaplan has operations and investments in a growing number of
 foreign countries, including Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom,
 Ireland, France, Israel, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore and
 China. Operating in foreign countries presents a number of
 inherent risks, including the difficulties of complying with
 unfamiliar laws and regulations, effectively managing and
 staffing foreign operations, successfully navigating local
 customs and practices, preparing for potential political and
 economic instability and adapting to currency exchange rate
 fluctuations. The failure to manage these risks could have a
 material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results.

 • 

 Changes in Prevailing Economic Conditions, Particularly in the
 Specific Geographic Markets Served by the Company’s
 Newspaper Publishing and Television Broadcasting Businesses

 A significant portion of the Company’s revenues in its
 publishing and broadcasting businesses comes from advertising.
 The demand for advertising is sensitive to the overall level of
 economic activity, both nationally and locally. A general
 decline in economic activity could adversely affect the
 operating results of the Company’s newspaper and magazine
 publishing and television broadcasting businesses.

 • 

 Changing Preferences of Readers Or Viewers Away From Traditional
 Media Outlets

 The rates the Company’s publishing and television
 broadcasting businesses can charge for advertising are directly
 related to the number of readers and viewers of its publications
 and broadcasts. There is tremendous competition for readers and
 viewers from other media. The Company’s publishing and
 television broadcasting businesses will be adversely affected to
 the extent individuals decide to obtain news, entertainment,
 classified listings and local shopping information from
 Internet-based or other media to the exclusion of the
 Company’s publications and broadcasts.

 2007 FORM 10-K 29 

Table of Contents

 • 

 Changing Perceptions About the Effectiveness of Publishing and
 Television Broadcasting in Delivering Advertising

 Historically, newspaper and magazine publishing and television
 broadcasting have been viewed as cost-effective methods of
 delivering various forms of advertising. There can be no
 guarantee that this historical perception will guide future
 decisions on the part of advertisers. To the extent that
 advertisers shift advertising expenditures to other media
 outlets, the profitability of the Company’s publishing and
 television broadcasting businesses will suffer.

 • 

 Increased Competition Resulting From Technological Innovations
 in News, Information and Video Programming Distribution Systems

 The development of direct broadcast satellite systems has
 significantly increased the competition faced by the
 Company’s cable television systems. In addition, the
 continuing growth and technological expansion of Internet-based
 services has increased competitive pressure on the
 Company’s media businesses. The development and deployment
 of new technologies has the potential to negatively and
 dramatically affect the Company’s businesses in ways that
 cannot now be reliably predicted.

 • 

 Changes in the Nature and Extent of Government Regulations,
 Particularly in the Case of Television Broadcasting and Cable
 Television

 The Company’s television broadcasting and cable television
 businesses operate in highly regulated environments. Complying
 with applicable regulations has significantly increased the
 costs and reduced the revenues of both businesses. Changes in
 regulations have the potential to further negatively impact
 those businesses, not only by increasing compliance costs and
 (through restrictions on certain types of advertising,
 limitations on pricing flexibility or other means) reducing
 revenues, but also by possibly creating more favorable
 regulatory environments for the providers of competing services.
 More generally, all of the Company’s businesses could have
 their profitability or their competitive positions adversely
 affected by significant changes in applicable regulations.

 • 

 Potential Liability for Patent Infringement in Cable Industry

 Providers of services similar to those offered by the
 Company’s Cable ONE subsidiary have been the target of
 patent infringement claims from time to time relating to such
 matters as cable system architecture, electronic program guides,
 cable modem technology and VoIP voice services. Although we
 cannot predict the impact at this juncture, if any such claims
 are successful, the outcome would likely affect Cable ONE as
 well as all other cable operators in the U.S.

 • 

 Changes in the Cost Or Availability of Raw Materials,
 Particularly Newsprint

 The Company’s newspaper publishing businesses collectively
 spend significant amounts each year on newsprint. Material
 increases in the cost of newsprint or significant disruptions in
 the supply of newsprint could have a material adverse effect on
 the operating results of the Company’s newspaper publishing
 businesses.