. 

The Company faces a number of significant risks and uncertainties in connection with its operations. The most significant of these are described below. These risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones facing
the Company. Additional

2009 FORM 10-K    23 

Table of Contents

risks and uncertainties not presently known, or currently deemed immaterial, may adversely affect the Company in the future. In addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, investors should carefully consider the following risk factors. If any of the events or developments described below occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

•

 Failure to Comply with Statutory and Regulatory Requirements Could Result in Loss of Access to U.S. Federal Student Loans and Grants Under Title IV, a
Requirement to Pay Fines or Monetary Liabilities or Other Sanctions 

To maintain Title IV eligibility, each group of schools combined
into an OPEID unit must comply with the extensive statutory and regulatory requirements of the Federal Higher Education Act relating to its financial aid management, educational programs, financial strength, facilities, recruiting practices and
various other matters. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the loss or limitation on the eligibility of one or more of the schools in Kaplan Higher Education to participate in Title IV programs, a requirement to pay fines or to
repay Title IV program funds, a denial or refusal by the Department of Education to consider a school’s application for renewal of its certification to participate in the Title IV programs, civil or criminal penalties or other sanctions. No
assurance can be given that the Kaplan schools currently participating in Title IV programs will maintain their Title IV eligibility, accreditation and state authorization in the future or that the Department of Education might not successfully
assert that one or more of such schools have previously failed to comply with Title IV requirements. The loss of Title IV eligibility by either (a) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan University or (b) a combination of two or more other OPEID
units would have a materially adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Program Reviews, Audits, Investigations and Other Reviews of Kaplan Higher Education Schools Could Result in Findings of Failure to Comply with Statutory and
Regulatory Requirements 

The Kaplan Higher Education division schools are subject to program reviews, audits, investigations and other
compliance reviews conducted by various regulatory agencies and auditors, including, among others, the Department of Education, the Department of Education’s Office of Inspector General, accrediting bodies and state and various other agencies,
as well as annual audits by an independent certified public accountant of each OPEID unit’s compliance with Title IV statutory and regulatory requirements. These compliance reviews can result in findings of noncompliance with statutory and
regulatory requirements that can, in turn, result in proceedings to impose fines, liabilities, civil or criminal penalties or other sanctions against the school, including loss or limitation of its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs.
Certain Kaplan Higher Education division schools are the subject of ongoing compliance reviews and lawsuits related to their compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements and may be subject to future compliance reviews. The Kaplan Higher
Education division schools also may be subject to complaints and lawsuits by present or former students or employees or other persons related to school compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements, that, if successful, could result in
requirements to pay monetary liabilities or fines or result in other sanctions. 

•

 Reductions in the Amount of Funds Available to Students, Including Under the Federal Title IV Programs, in Kaplan’s Higher Education Schools, Changes in the
Terms on Which Such Funds Are Made Available or Loss or Limitation of Eligibility to Receive Such Funds 

During the Company’s 2009
fiscal year, funds provided under the student financial aid programs created under Title IV accounted for approximately $1,283 million of the net revenues of the schools in Kaplan Higher Education. Any legislative, regulatory or other development
that has the effect of materially reducing the amount of Title IV financial assistance or other funds available to the students of those schools would have a significant adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. In addition, any development
that has the effect of making the terms on which Title IV financial assistance or other funds are available to students of those schools materially less attractive could have an adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Changes in U.S. Department of Education Regulations Could Lead to New Operational Risks and Requirements 

On September 9, 2009, the Department of Education established negotiated rulemaking committees to help prepare proposed regulations that would amend or add to existing
Title IV regulations. In late January 2010, the negotiated rulemaking committee failed to reach consensus on proposed regulations. As a result of this lack of consensus, the Department of Education is not bound by the proposed regulations presented
to the committee and may therefore publish proposed regulations for public comment that may differ from those presented to the committee. The proposed regulations are expected to address areas including, but not limited to, revised standards
governing the payment of incentive compensation to admissions and financial aid advisors; a new definition of “gainful employment” that may take into account student tuition and debt levels or other factors to determine whether educational
programs prepare students for “gainful employment” in a recognized occupation and thereby qualify as Title IV eligible educational programs, and other changes to Title IV eligibility requirements for institutions, programs and students.
The changes ultimately proposed to the Title IV regulations could adversely affect, among other things, Kaplan’s ability to retain admissions and financial aid

24    THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY 

Table of Contents

advisors and the ability of Kaplan Higher Education division’s programs and students to qualify for Title IV financial assistance, could require the schools to change their tuition or
educational programs in order to comply with new “gainful employment requirements,” and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. The Department of Education has stated its intent to publish any new
final regulations developed through this process by November 1, 2010, which is the deadline for the regulations to take effect by July 1, 2011. 

•

 Student Loan Defaults Could Result in Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs 

A Kaplan Higher Education OPEID unit would lose its eligibility to participate in certain Title IV programs if the default rate of its students on the repayment of
Title IV loans exceeds specified default rates, referred to as “cohort default rates.” The Department of Education calculates a cohort default rate for each of Kaplan Higher Education’s OPEID reporting units. Any OPEID unit that has a
cohort default rate in excess of 40% for any single year may lose its eligibility to participate in the Federal Family Education Loan (“FFEL”) and Direct Loan programs for at least two fiscal years. Any OPEID unit that has a cohort default
rate equal to or in excess of 25% for three consecutive years may lose its Title IV eligibility to participate in FFEL, Direct Loan and Federal Pell Grant programs for at least two fiscal years. The loss of Title IV eligibility by either (a) the
single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan University or (b) a combination of two or more other OPEID units would have a materially adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs if Title IV Revenues Exceed Federally-Set Percentage 

A Kaplan Higher Education OPEID unit would lose its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs for a period of at least two fiscal years if it derives more
than 90% of its receipts from the Title IV programs for two consecutive fiscal years, commencing with the unit’s first fiscal year that ends after August 14, 2008. Any OPEID reporting unit with receipts from the Title IV programs exceeding 90%
for a single fiscal year ending after August 14, 2008 would be placed on provisional certification and may be subject to other enforcement measures. The loss of Title IV eligibility by either (a) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan University
or (b) a combination of two or more other OPEID units would have a materially adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Failure to Maintain Institutional Accreditation Could Lead to Loss of Ability to Participate in Title IV Programs 

Kaplan Higher Education’s online university and all of its ground campuses are institutionally accredited by one or another of a number of national and regional
accreditors recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation by an accrediting agency recognized by the U.S. Department of Education is required for an institution to become and remain eligible to participate in Title IV programs. The
loss of accreditation would, among other things, render the affected Kaplan schools and programs ineligible to participate in Title IV programs and would have a material adverse effect on its business. 

•

 Failure to Maintain State Authorizations Could Cause Loss of Ability to Operate and to Participate in Title IV Programs in Some States

Kaplan Higher Education ground campuses and online university are authorized to operate and to grant degrees, certificates or diplomas
by the applicable state agency of each state where such authorization is required. Such state authorization is required for each campus located in the state or, in the case of states that require it, for Kaplan University online to offer
postsecondary education. Each school must be licensed or otherwise authorized to offer its educational programs by the appropriate governmental body in the state in which the school is physically located in order to be eligible to participate in
Title IV programs. The loss of such authorization would preclude the campuses or online university from offering postsecondary education and render students ineligible to participate in Title IV programs. Loss of authorization at those state campus
locations, or, in states that require it, for Kaplan University online, could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan Higher Education’s business. 

•

 Failure to Correctly Calculate or Timely Return Title IV Funds for Students Who Withdraw Prior to Completing Programs Could Result in a Requirement to Post a
Letter of Credit or Other Sanctions 

Department of Education regulations require schools participating in Title IV programs to
calculate correctly and return on a timely basis unearned Title IV funds disbursed to students who withdraw from a program of study prior to completion. These funds must be returned in a timely manner, generally within 45 days of the date the school
determines that the student has withdrawn. Under Department of Education regulations, failure to make timely returns of Title IV program funds for 5% or more of students sampled in a school’s annual compliance audit in either of its two most
recently completed fiscal years could result in a requirement that the school to post a letter of credit in an amount equal to 25% of its prior year returns of Title IV program funds. If unearned funds are not properly calculated and returned in a
timely manner, an institution is also subject to monetary liabilities, fines, or other sanctions. Six of the Kaplan Higher Education reporting units currently have letters of credit outstanding to the Department of Education as a result of this
requirement, with a collective total face value of approximately $3.3

2009 FORM 10-K    25 

Table of Contents

million. The requirement to post additional letters of credit or the imposition of other sanctions by the Department of Education would increase Kaplan’s regulatory compliance costs and
could have a materially adverse effect on its results of operations. 

•

 Failure to Demonstrate “Financial Responsibility” Could Result in a Requirement to Submit Letters of Credit to the U.S. Department of Education, Loss
of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs, or Other Sanctions 

An institution participating in the Title IV programs must
comply with certain measures of financial responsibility under the Federal Higher Education Act and under Department of Education regulations. Among other things, the applicable regulations require an institution to achieve a composite score of at
least 1.5 as calculated under Department of Education regulations based on data in annual financial statements submitted to the Department of Education. If an institution fails to achieve a composite score of 1.5, or fails to comply with other
financial responsibility standards, the Department of Education may place conditions on the institution’s participation in the Title IV programs and may require the institution to submit to the Department of Education a letter of credit in an
amount of at least 10% to 50% of the institution’s annual Title IV participation for its most recent fiscal year. The Department of Education has measured the compliance of Kaplan’s Higher Education division’s schools based on the
composite score of the division. If one or more of the institutions in Kaplan’s Higher Education division fails to meet the composite score standard, or any of the other financial responsibility standards, those institutions may be required to
post a letter of credit in favor of the Department of Education and possibly may be subject to other sanctions, including limitation or termination of its participation in Title IV programs. A requirement to post a letter of credit or the imposition
of any one or more other sanctions by the Department of Education could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s results of operations. 

•

 Failure to Demonstrate “Administrative Capability” Could Result in Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs or Other Sanctions

Department of Education regulations specify extensive criteria an institution must satisfy to establish that it has the required
“administrative capability” to participate in Title IV programs. These criteria include, but are not limited to, requirements relating to the institution’s compliance with all applicable Title IV requirements, the institution’s
administration of Title IV programs, the institution’s compliance with certain reporting, disclosure, and record keeping obligations, and maintaining cohort default rates below prescribed thresholds. Failure to comply with these criteria could
result in the loss or limitation of the eligibility of one or more of the schools in Kaplan’s Higher Education division to participate in the Title IV programs, a requirement to pay fines or to repay Title IV program funds, a denial or refusal
by the Department of Education to consider a school’s application for renewal of its certification to participate in the Title IV programs, civil or criminal penalties, or other sanctions. Any one or more of these actions by the Department of
Education could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s results of operations. 

•

 Changes in the Extent to Which Standardized Tests Are Used in the Admissions Process by Colleges or Graduate Schools 

A substantial portion of Kaplan’s operating income is generated by Kaplan Text Preparation. The source of this income is fees charged for courses that prepare
students for a broad range of admissions examinations that are required for admission to colleges and graduate schools. Historically, colleges and graduate schools have required standardized tests as part of the admissions process. There has been
some movement away from this historical reliance on standardized admissions tests among a small number of colleges that have adopted “test-optional” admissions policies. Any significant reduction in the use of standardized tests in the
college or graduate school admissions process could have an adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Changes in the Extent to Which Licensing and Proficiency Examinations Are Used to Qualify Individuals to Pursue Certain Careers 

A substantial portion of Kaplan Test Preparation’s and Kaplan International’s revenue comes from preparing individuals for licensing or technical proficiency
examinations in various fields. Any significant relaxation or elimination of licensing or technical proficiency requirements in those fields served by Kaplan Test Preparation’s and Kaplan International’s businesses could negatively impact
Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Failure to Successfully Assimilate Acquired Businesses 

The Company’s Kaplan subsidiary has historically been an active acquirer of businesses that provide educational services. Consistent with this historical trend, during 2009 Kaplan completed two acquisitions. Acquisitions involve
various inherent risks and uncertainties, including difficulties in efficiently integrating the service offerings, accounting and other administrative systems of an acquired business; the challenges of assimilating and retaining key personnel; the
consequences of diverting the attention of senior management from existing operations; the possibility that an acquired

26    THE WASHINGTON POST COMPANY 

Table of Contents

business does not meet or exceed the financial projections that supported the purchase price; and the possible failure of the due diligence process to identify significant business risks or
undisclosed liabilities associated with the acquired business. A failure to effectively manage growth and integrate acquired businesses could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Difficulties of Managing Foreign Operations 

Kaplan has operations and investments in a growing number of foreign countries, including Canada, Mexico, the U.K., Ireland, France, Israel, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, India and China. Operating in foreign countries presents a
number of inherent risks, including the difficulties of complying with unfamiliar laws and regulations, effectively managing and staffing foreign operations, successfully navigating local customs and practices, preparing for potential political and
economic instability and adapting to currency exchange rate fluctuations. The failure to effectively manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Changes in International Regulatory and Physical Environments Could Negatively Affect International Student Enrollments 

A substantial portion of Kaplan International’s revenue comes from programs that prepare international students to study and travel to English-speaking countries,
principally the U.S., the U.K., Australia, and Singapore. Any significant changes to the regulatory environment, or a natural disaster or pandemic, in either the students’ counties of origin or the countries to which they desire to travel or
study, could negatively affect Kaplan’s ability to attract and retain such students, which could negatively impact Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Negative Impact of Recent Financial Market Crisis and Economic Downturn, Particularly in the Specific Geographic Markets Served by the Company’s Publishing
and Television Broadcasting Businesses 

A significant portion of the Company’s revenues in its publishing and broadcasting
businesses comes from advertising. The demand for advertising is sensitive to the overall level of economic activity, both nationally and locally. The financial market crisis and economic downturn has reduced advertising expenditures of many of our
advertisers, which has had a negative impact on the operating results of the Company’s newspaper and magazine publishing and television broadcasting businesses. A continued decline in general economic conditions in the United States may have a
material adverse effect on the operating results of the Company’s businesses. 

•

 Changing Preferences of Readers or Viewers Away From Traditional Media Outlets 

The rates that the Company’s print publishing and television broadcasting businesses can charge for advertising are directly related to the number of readers and viewers of its publications and broadcasts.
There is tremendous competition for readers and viewers from other media. The Company’s publishing and television broadcasting businesses will be adversely affected to the extent that individuals decide to obtain news, entertainment, classified
listings and local shopping information from Internet-based or other media to the exclusion of the Company’s print publications and broadcasts. 

•

 Changing Perceptions About the Effectiveness of Publishing and Television Broadcasting in Delivering Advertising 

Historically, newspaper and magazine publishing and television broadcasting have been viewed as cost-effective methods of delivering various forms of advertising.
There can be no guarantee that this historical perception will guide future decisions on the part of advertisers. To the extent that advertisers shift advertising expenditures to other media outlets, the profitability of the Company’s
publishing and television broadcasting businesses will suffer. 

•

 Increased Competition Resulting From Technological Innovations in News, Information and Video Programming Distribution Systems 

The development of direct broadcast satellite systems has significantly increased the competition faced by the Company’s cable television systems. In addition,
the continuing growth and technological expansion of Internet-based services has increased competitive pressure on the Company’s media businesses. The development and deployment of new technologies has the potential to negatively and
dramatically affect the Company’s businesses in ways that cannot now be reliably predicted and that may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operating results. 

•

 Changes in the Nature and Extent of Government Regulations in the Case of Television Broadcasting, Cable Television and VoIP Services

The Company’s television broadcasting and cable television businesses operate in highly regulated environments. The
Company’s VoIP services business also is subject to a growing degree of regulation. Complying with applicable regulations has significantly increased, and may continue to increase, the costs and reduced the revenues of these

2009 FORM 10-K    27 

Table of Contents

businesses. Changes in regulations have the potential to further negatively impact those businesses, not only by increasing compliance costs and reducing revenues through restrictions on certain
types of advertising, limitations on pricing flexibility or other means, but also by possibly creating more favorable regulatory environments for the providers of competing services. More generally, all of the Company’s businesses could have
their profitability or their competitive positions adversely affected by significant changes in applicable regulations. 

•

 Potential Liability for Patent Infringement in the Cable Industry 

Providers of services similar to those offered by Cable ONE have been the target of patent infringement claims from time to time relating to such matters as cable system architecture, electronic program guides,
cable modem technology and VoIP services. Although we cannot predict the impact at this time, if any such claims are successful, the outcome would likely affect Cable ONE and could have a material adverse effect on its operating results. 

•

 Changes in the Cost or Availability of Raw Materials, Particularly Newsprint 

The Company’s newspaper publishing businesses collectively spend significant amounts each year on newsprint. Increases in the cost of newsprint or significant disruptions in the supply of newsprint could have
a material adverse effect on the operating results of the Company’s newspaper publishing businesses.