. 

The
Company faces a number of significant risks and uncertainties in connection
with its operations. The most significant of these are described below. These
risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones facing the Company. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known, or currently deemed immaterial,
may adversely affect the Company in the future. In addition to the other
information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, investors should
carefully consider the following risk factors. If any of the events or
developments described below occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on
the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

·

Failure
to Comply With Statutory and Regulatory Requirements Could Result in Loss of
Access to U.S. Federal Student Loans and Grants Under Title IV, a Requirement
to Pay Fines or Monetary Liabilities or Other Sanctions 

To maintain Title IV
eligibility, each group of schools combined into an OPEID unit must comply with
the extensive statutory and regulatory requirements of the Higher Education Act
and other laws relating to its financial aid management, educational programs,
financial strength, facilities, recruiting practices and various other matters.
Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the loss or
limitation of the eligibility of one or more of the KHE schools to participate
in Title IV programs, a requirement to pay fines or to repay Title IV program
funds, a denial or refusal by the DOE to consider a school’s application for
renewal of its certification to participate in the Title IV programs or for
approval to add a new campus or education program, requiring the submission of
a letter of credit, civil or criminal penalties or other sanctions. No
assurance can be given that the Kaplan schools and programs currently
participating in Title IV programs will maintain their Title IV eligibility,
accreditation and state authorization in the future or that the DOE might not
successfully assert that one or more of such schools or programs have
previously failed to comply with Title IV requirements. The loss of Title IV
eligibility by either (1) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan
University or (2) a combination of other OPEID units would have a material
adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

33

·

Program
Reviews, Audits, Investigations and Other Reviews of KHE Schools Could Result
in Findings of Failure to Comply With Statutory and Regulatory Requirements 

KHE schools are
subject to program reviews, audits, investigations and other compliance reviews
conducted by various regulatory agencies and auditors, including, among others,
the DOE, the DOE’s Office of the Inspector General, accrediting bodies and
state and various other agencies, as well as annual audits by an independent
certified public accountant of each OPEID unit’s compliance with Title IV
statutory and regulatory requirements. These compliance reviews can result in
findings of noncompliance with statutory and regulatory requirements that can,
in turn, result in proceedings to impose fines, liabilities, civil or criminal
penalties or other sanctions against the school, including loss or limitation
of its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs. Certain KHE schools are
the subject of ongoing compliance reviews and lawsuits related to their
compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements and may be subject to
future compliance reviews. 

KHE schools also may
be subject to complaints and lawsuits by present or former students or
employees or other persons related to compliance with statutory, common law and
regulatory requirements that, if successful, could result in monetary
liabilities or fines or other sanctions. 

·

Reductions
in the Amount of Funds Available to Students, Including Under Title IV
Programs, in KHE Schools, Changes in the Terms on Which Such Funds Are Made
Available or Loss or Limitation of Eligibility to Receive Such Funds, Could
Have a Material Adverse Effect on Kaplan’s Business and Operations 

During the Company’s
2012 fiscal year, funds provided under the student financial aid programs
created under Title IV accounted for approximately $882 million of the revenues
of the schools in KHE. Any legislative, regulatory or other development that
has the effect of materially reducing the amount of Title IV financial
assistance or other funds available to the students of those schools would have
a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and operations. In addition, any
development that has the effect of making the terms on which Title IV financial
assistance or other funds are available to students of those schools materially
less attractive could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and
operations. 

·

Regulatory
Changes Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Kaplan’s Business and
Operations 

Regulations went into
effect on July 1, 2011, relating to various “program integrity” topics. The
topics covered in the regulations include, but are not limited to, the
following: 

•    Revisions to the
incentive compensation rule; 

•    Expansion of the
notice and approval requirements for adding new academic programs and new
reporting and disclosure requirements for academic programs; 

•    Revision and
expansion of the types of activities that are deemed a “substantial
misrepresentation” and the ability of the DOE to enforce the provisions; 

•    Requirement that
states authorize institutions and set forth certain minimum requirements to
obtain such authorizations; 

•    Limiting
agreements between related institutions; 

•    Defining a
“credit hour”; 

•    Administration
of ability-to-benefit examinations; 

•    Student
attendance requirements; 

•    Proof of high
school graduation; 

•    Verification of
information included on student aid applications; 

•    Satisfactory
academic progress; 

•    Retaking
coursework; 

•    Return of Title
IV funds; and 

•    Disbursements of
Title IV funds. 

The implementation of
these regulations required Kaplan to change its practices to comply with these
requirements and has increased its administrative costs. The changes to its
practices or its inability to comply with the final regulations could have a
material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and results of operations.
Moreover, the DOE could implement new regulations or amend existing regulations
in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and
results of operations. 

34

·

Compliance
With Regulations Regarding Incentive Compensation Can Make It Difficult for
Kaplan to Attract Students and Retain Qualified Personnel 

Under the incentive compensation rule, an institution participating in
the Title IV programs may not provide any commission, bonus or other incentive
payment to any person or entity engaged in any student recruiting or admission
activities or in making decisions regarding the awarding of Title IV funds if
such payment is based directly or indirectly on success in securing enrollments
or financial aid. On July 1, 2011, regulations went into effect that
amended the incentive compensation rule by reducing the scope of permissible
payments under the rule and expanding the scope of payments and employees
subject to the rule. The Company cannot predict how the DOE will interpret and
enforce the revised incentive compensation rule or the full effect the rule
will have on the results of KHE. KHE modified some of its compensation
practices as a result of the revisions to the incentive compensation rule.
These changes to compensation arrangements can make it difficult to attract students
and to provide adequate incentives to promote superior job performance and
retain qualified personnel, and could have a material adverse effect on
Kaplan’s business and results of operations. 

·

Potential
DOE Rules Regarding Gainful Employment Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on
Kaplan’s Business and Operations 

In June 2011, the DOE issued final regulations that tie an education
program’s Title IV eligibility to whether the program leads to gainful
employment. The regulations define an education program that leads to gainful
employment as one that complies with gainful employment metrics relating to
loan repayment rates of program graduates.  

On June 30, 2012, the United States District Court for the District of
Columbia overturned most of the final regulations on gainful employment. The
DOE is reviewing the details of the Court’s decision in consultation with the
Department of Justice and evaluating their plans, which may include an appeal.
As a result, the ultimate outcome of gainful employment regulations and their
impact on Kaplan’s operations are uncertain. However, if the regulations are
reinstated either as originally issued or in some variation thereof, Kaplan’s
higher education programs would become subject to gainful employment metrics.
This could cause Kaplan to eliminate or limit enrollments in certain
educational programs at some or all of its schools, and could have a materially
adverse effect on its business and operations.

·

Congressional
Examination of For-Profit Education Could Lead to Legislation or Other
Governmental Action That May Materially and Adversely Affect Kaplan’s Business 

There has been
increased attention by Congress on the role that for-profit educational
institutions play in higher education, including their participation in Title
IV programs and U.S. Department of Defense oversight of tuition assistance for
military service members attending for-profit colleges. Beginning in June 2010,
the HELP Committee held a series of hearings to examine the for-profit education
sector and requested information from various for-profit institutions,
including KHE institutions. In July 2012, the Chairman of the HELP Committee
issued a final report to conclude the review. The final report included
observations and recommendations for federal policy, but did not include or
endorse any specific proposed legislation or regulations. The ultimate outcome
of the HELP Committee review and any implications to the operation of KHE’s
institutions are presently unknown.

Other committees of
the Congress have also held hearings into, among other things, the standards
and procedures of accrediting agencies, credit hours and program length and the
portion of U.S. Federal student financial aid going to for-profit institutions.
Several legislators have variously requested the U.S. Government Accountability
Office to review and make recommendations regarding, among other things,
student recruitment practices; educational quality; student outcomes; the
sufficiency of integrity safeguards against waste, fraud and abuse in Title IV
programs; and the percentage of proprietary institutions’ revenue coming from
Title IV and other U.S. Federal funding sources. This increased activity, and
other current and future activity, may result in legislation, further rulemaking
affecting participation in Title IV programs and other governmental actions. In
addition, concerns generated by congressional or other activity, or negative
media reports, may adversely affect enrollment in for-profit educational
institutions. 

Kaplan cannot predict the extent to which these
activities could result in further investigations, legislation or rulemaking
affecting its participation in Title IV programs, other governmental actions
and/or actions by state agencies or legislators or by accreditors. If any laws
or regulations are adopted that significantly limit Kaplan’s participation in
Title IV programs or the amount of student financial aid for which Kaplan’s
students are eligible, Kaplan’s results of operations and cash flows would be adversely
and materially impacted.

35

·

The
Kaplan Commitment Has Materially Impacted Operating Results and Is Expected to
Continue to Do So 

In the fourth quarter
of 2010, KHE phased in a program called the Kaplan Commitment. Under this
program, students of Kaplan University, Kaplan College and other KHE schools
enroll in classes for several weeks and assess whether their educational
experience meets their needs and expectations before they incur any significant
financial obligation. Kaplan also conducts assessments to help determine
whether students are likely to be successful in their chosen course of study.
Students who choose to withdraw from the program during the risk-free period
and students who do not pass the assessment do not have to pay for the coursework.

The Kaplan Commitment
program, along with generally lower demand, has resulted in declines in new
enrollments in 2012. This program and related initiatives will likely continue
to have a significant impact on the future operations of KHE, including student
enrollment and retention, tuition revenues, operating income and cash flow. The
Kaplan Commitment is expected to continue to have a material impact on Kaplan’s
operating results.

·

Student
Loan Defaults Could Result in Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV
Programs 

A school may lose its
eligibility to participate in Title IV programs if student defaults on the
repayment of Title IV loans exceed specified rates, referred to as “cohort
default rates.” The DOE calculates a cohort default rate for each of KHE’s
OPEID numbers. The schools in an OPEID number whose cohort default rate exceeds
40% for any single year lose their eligibility to participate in the FFEL and
Direct Loan programs effective 30 days after notification from the DOE and for
at least two fiscal years, except in the event of a successful adjustment or
appeal. The schools in an OPEID number whose cohort default rate equals or
exceeds 25% for three consecutive years lose their Title IV eligibility to
participate in FFEL, Direct Loan and U.S. Federal Pell Grant programs effective
30 days after notification from the DOE and for at least two fiscal years,
except in the event of a successful adjustment or appeal. The schools in an
OPEID number whose cohort default rate equals or exceeds 25% in any one of the
three most recent fiscal years for which rates have been issued by the DOE may
be placed on provisional certification by the DOE. One campus (Pittsburgh) has
a two-year rate over 25% for 2010. This is the first year that campus has
exceeded the threshold.

The enactment in
August 2008 of HEOA (which reauthorized the Higher Education Act) changed the
methodology that will be used to calculate cohort default rates for future
years. Under the revised law, the period of time for which student defaults are
tracked and included in the cohort default rate calculation is extended by a
year, which is expected to increase the cohort default rates for most
institutions. That change became effective with the calculation of
institutions’ cohort default rates for the U.S. Federal fiscal year ending
September 30, 2009; those rates were issued by the DOE in 2012. The DOE
will not impose sanctions based on rates calculated under this new methodology
until rates for three consecutive years have been calculated, which is expected
to occur in 2014. Until that time, the DOE will continue to calculate rates
under the old method and impose sanctions based on those rates. The revised law
also increases the threshold for ending an institution’s participation in
certain Title IV programs from 25% to 30% for three consecutive years,
effective for three-year cohort default rates issued beginning in fiscal year
2012. The revised law changes the threshold for placement on provisional
certification to 30% for two of the three most recent fiscal years for which
the DOE has published official three-year cohort default rates. Five KHE
campuses OPEIDs have three-year rates over 30%, and no Kaplan OPEID had a
three-year rate over 40%.

The loss of Title IV
eligibility by either (1) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan
University or (2) a combination of two or more other OPEID units would
have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

·

Title
IV Revenues in Excess of U.S. Federally-Set Percentage Could Lead to Loss of
Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs  

Under regulations
referred to as the 90/10 rule, a KHE OPEID unit would lose its eligibility to
participate in the Title IV programs for a period of at least two fiscal years
if it derives more than 90% of its receipts from the Title IV programs for two
consecutive fiscal years, commencing with the unit’s first fiscal year that
ends after August 14, 2008. Any OPEID reporting unit with receipts from the
Title IV programs exceeding 90% for a single fiscal year ending after August
14, 2008, would be placed on provisional certification and may be subject to
other enforcement measures. The enactment of the U.S. Federal Ensuring
Continued Access to Student Loans Act of 2008 increased student loan limits and
the maximum amount of Pell Grants, which could result in an increase in the
percentage of KHE’s receipts from Title IV programs. These increases, and any
future increases or changes in the 90/10 calculation formula, make it more
difficult for institutions to comply with the 90/10 rule. If current trends
continue, management estimates that in 2013, 20 of the KHE Campuses’ OPEID
units, representing approximately 21% of KHE’s 2012 revenues, could have a
90/10 ratio over 90%. 

36

The loss of Title IV eligibility
by either (1) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan University or (2) a
combination of other OPEID units would have a material adverse effect on
Kaplan’s operating results.

·

Failure
to Maintain Institutional Accreditation Could Lead to Loss of Ability to
Participate in Title IV Programs 

KHE’s online
university and all of its ground campuses are institutionally accredited by one
or another of a number of national and regional accreditors recognized by the
DOE. Accreditation by an accrediting agency recognized by the DOE is required
for an institution to become and remain eligible to participate in Title IV
programs. In March 2011, Kaplan University’s institutional accreditor, HLC,
sent Kaplan University a request for information asking for documents and a
report detailing Kaplan University’s admissions practices and describing the
University’s compliance with HLC Core Components and policies. In addition, in June
2012, the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges (ACCSC), a KHE accreditor,
issued a notice to three campuses (Baltimore, Dayton and Indianapolis
Northwest), to “show cause” as to why their accreditation should not be
withdrawn for failure to meet certain student achievement threshold
requirements. The loss of accreditation at these or other schools would, among
other things, render the affected Kaplan schools and programs ineligible to
participate in Title IV programs and would have a material adverse effect on
their business and operations.

·

Failure
to Maintain Programmatic Accreditation Could Lead to Loss of Ability to Provide
Certain Education Programs and Failure to Obtain Programmatic Accreditation May
Lead to Declines in Enrollments in Unaccredited Programs

Programmatic
accreditation is the process through which specific programs are reviewed and
approved by industry
- 
 and program
-
specific accrediting entities. Although
programmatic accreditation is not generally necessary for Title IV eligibility,
such accreditation may be required to allow students to sit for certain
licensure exams or to work in a particular profession or career. Failure to
obtain or maintain such programmatic accreditation may lead schools to
discontinue programs that would not provide appropriate outcomes without that
accreditation or may lead to a decline in enrollments in

programs due to a perceived or real reduction in program
value.

·

Failure
to Maintain State Authorizations Could Cause Loss of Ability to Operate and to
Participate in Title IV Programs in Some States 

KHE’s ground campuses
and online university are subject to state-level regulation and oversight by
state licensing agencies, whose approval is necessary to allow an institution
to operate and grant degrees or diplomas in the state. Institutions that
participate in Title IV programs must be legally authorized to operate in the
state in which the institution is physically located. The loss of such
authorization would preclude the campuses or online university from offering
postsecondary education and render students ineligible to participate in Title
IV programs. Loss of authorization at those state campus locations, or, in
states that require it, for Kaplan University online, could have a material
adverse effect on KHE’s business and operations. 

Some states have
sought to assert jurisdiction over online education institutions that offer
education services to residents in the state or to institutions that advertise
or recruit in the state, notwithstanding the lack of a physical location in the
state. State regulatory requirements for online education vary among the
states, are not well developed in many states, are imprecise or unclear in some
states and are subject to change. If KHE is found not to be in compliance with
an applicable state regulation and a state seeks to restrict one or more of its
business activities within its boundaries, KHE may not be able to recruit or
enroll students in that state and may have to cease providing services and
advertising in that state. 

DOE regulations went
into effect on July 1, 2011, that expanded the requirements for an
institution to be considered legally authorized in the state in which it is
physically located for Title IV purposes. In some cases, the regulations
require states to revise their current requirements and/or to license schools
in order for institutions to be deemed legally authorized in those states and,
in turn, to participate in the Title IV programs. If the states do not amend
their requirements where necessary and if schools do not receive approvals
where necessary that comply with these requirements, then the institution could
be deemed to lack the state authorization necessary to participate in the Title
IV programs, which could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business
and operations. 

In addition, DOE
rules currently under judicial review may require institutions offering
postsecondary education to students through distance education in a state in
which the institution is not physically located or in which it is otherwise
subject to state jurisdiction, as determined by the state, to meet any state
requirements for it to legally offer postsecondary distance education in that
state. The regulations require an institution to document upon request by the
DOE that it has the 

37

applicable state approval. As a
result, some of KHE’s schools and distance-education programs may be required
to obtain additional or revised state authorizations. If KHE is unable to
obtain the required approvals, its students in the affected schools or programs
may be unable to receive Title IV funds, which could have a material adverse
effect on its business and operations. 

·

Failure
to Correctly Calculate or Timely Return Title IV Funds for Students Who
Withdraw Prior to Completing Programs Could Result in a Requirement to Post a
Letter of Credit or Other Sanctions 

DOE regulations
require schools participating in Title IV programs to calculate correctly and
return on a timely basis unearned Title IV funds disbursed to students who
withdraw from a program of study prior to completion. These funds must be
returned in a timely manner, generally within 45 days of the date the school
determines that the student has withdrawn. Under DOE regulations, failure to
make timely returns of Title IV program funds for 5% or more of students
sampled in a school’s annual compliance audit could result in a requirement
that the school post a letter of credit in an amount equal to 25% of its prior-year
returns of Title IV program funds. If unearned funds are not properly
calculated and returned in a timely manner, an institution may be subject to
monetary liabilities, fines or other sanctions by the DOE that could have a
material adverse effect on Kaplan’s results of operations. 

·

Failure
to Demonstrate Financial Responsibility Could Result in a Requirement to Submit
Letters of Credit to the DOE, Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV
Programs or Other Sanctions 

An institution
participating in the Title IV programs must comply with certain measures of
financial responsibility under the Higher Education Act and under DOE
regulations. Among other things, the applicable regulations require an
institution to achieve a composite score of at least 1.5, as calculated under
DOE regulations, based on data in annual financial statements submitted to the
DOE. If an institution fails to achieve a composite score of 1.5 or fails to
comply with other financial responsibility standards, the DOE may place
conditions on the institution’s participation in the Title IV programs and may
require the institution to submit to the DOE a letter of credit in an amount of
at least 10% to 50% of the institution’s annual Title IV participation for its
most recent fiscal year. The DOE has measured the compliance of KHE schools,
based on the composite score of the division. If one or more of the
institutions in KHE fails to meet the composite score standard or any of the
other financial responsibility standards, those institutions may be required to
post a letter of credit in favor of the DOE and possibly may be subject to
other sanctions, including limitation or termination of their participation in
Title IV programs. A requirement to post a letter of credit or the
imposition of any one or more other sanctions by the DOE could have a material
adverse effect on Kaplan’s results of operations. 

·

Failure
to Demonstrate Administrative Capability Could Result in Loss of Eligibility to
Participate in Title IV Programs or Other Sanctions 

DOE regulations
specify extensive criteria that an institution must satisfy to establish that
it has the required “administrative capability” to participate in Title IV
programs. These criteria include, but are not limited to, requirements relating
to the institution’s compliance with all applicable Title IV requirements; the
institution’s administration of Title IV programs; the institution’s compliance
with certain reporting, disclosure and record-keeping obligations; and the
institution’s ability to maintain cohort default rates below prescribed
thresholds. Failure to comply with these criteria could result in the loss or
limitation of the eligibility of one or more of the schools in KHE to
participate in the Title IV programs, a requirement to pay fines or to repay
Title IV program funds, a denial or refusal by the DOE to consider a school’s
application for renewal of its certification to participate in the Title IV
programs, civil or criminal penalties or other sanctions. Any one or more of
these actions by the DOE could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s
results of operations. 

·

Failure
to Obtain Regulatory Approval of Transactions Involving a Change of Control May
Result in Loss of Ability to Operate Schools or to Participate in U.S. Federal
Student Financial Aid Programs 

If one or more of
KHE’s schools experiences a change of control under the standards of applicable
state agencies, accrediting agencies or the DOE, the schools governed by such
agencies must seek the approval of the relevant agencies. Failure of any of
KHE’s schools to reestablish its state authorization, accreditation or DOE
certification following a change of control as defined by the applicable agency
could result in a suspension of operating authority or suspension or loss of
U.S. Federal student financial aid funding, which could have a material adverse
effect on KHE’s student population and revenue. 

38

·

Actions
of Other Postsecondary Education Institutions and Related Media Coverage May
Negatively Influence the Regulatory Environment and Kaplan’s Reputation 

The HELP Committee
hearings, along with other recent investigations and lawsuits, have included
allegations of, among other things, deceptive trade practices, false claims
against the U.S. and noncompliance with state and DOE regulations. These
allegations have attracted significant adverse media coverage. Allegations
against the overall student lending and postsecondary education sectors may
impact general public perceptions of private-sector educational institutions,
including Kaplan, in a negative manner. Adverse media coverage regarding other
educational institutions or regarding Kaplan directly could damage Kaplan’s
reputation, reduce student demand for Kaplan programs, adversely impact its
revenues and operating profit or result in increased regulatory scrutiny. 

·

Changes
in the Extent to Which Standardized Tests Are Used in the Admissions Process by
Colleges or Graduate Schools Could Reduce Demand for KTP Offerings 

A substantial portion
of Kaplan’s revenue is generated by KTP. The source of this income is fees
charged for courses that prepare students for a broad range of admissions
examinations that are required for admission to colleges and graduate schools.
Historically, colleges and graduate schools have required standardized tests as
part of the admissions process. There has been some movement away from this
historical reliance on standardized admissions tests among a small number of
colleges that have adopted “test-optional” admissions policies. Any significant
reduction in the use of standardized tests in the college or graduate school
admissions process could have an adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

·

Changes
in the Extent to Which Licensing and Proficiency Examinations Are Used to
Qualify Individuals to Pursue Certain Careers Could Reduce Demand for Kaplan
Offerings

A substantial portion
of PACE and Kaplan International’s revenue comes from preparing individuals for
licensing or technical proficiency examinations in various fields. Any
significant relaxation or elimination of licensing or technical proficiency
requirements in those fields served by PACE and Kaplan International’s
businesses could negatively impact Kaplan’s operating results. 

·

System Disruptions and Security Threats to the Company’s
Technology Infrastructure Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Its
Businesses

Kaplan’s reputation and ability to attract and retain students is
highly dependent on the performance and reliability of its information
technology platforms with respect to its online and campus-based education
offerings. Kaplan’s delivery of these programs could be negatively affected due
to events beyond its control, including natural disasters and network and
telecommunications failures. Any such computer system error or failure could
result in a significant outage that materially disrupts Kaplan’s online and
on-ground operations. 

The Company’s computer networks may also be vulnerable to unauthorized
access, computer hackers, computer viruses and other security threats. The
Company has expended, and will continue to expend, significant resources to
protect against the threat of security breaches, but its systems may still be
vulnerable to these threats. A user who circumvents security measures could
misappropriate proprietary information or cause disruptions or malfunctions in
operations. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the
Company’s business and results of operations.

§

Failure
to Successfully Assimilate Acquired Businesses Could Negatively Affect Kaplan’s
Business 

The Company’s Kaplan
subsidiary has historically been an active acquirer of businesses that provide
educational services. Although during 2012 Kaplan only completed three
acquisitions, historically it has acquired several businesses each year, and we
expect that trend to continue. Acquisitions involve various inherent risks and
uncertainties, including difficulties in efficiently integrating the service
offerings, accounting and other administrative systems of an acquired business;
the challenges of assimilating and retaining key personnel; the consequences of
diverting the attention of senior management from existing operations; the
possibility that an acquired business does not meet or exceed the financial
projections that supported the purchase price; and the possible failure
of the due diligence process to identify significant business risks or
undisclosed liabilities associated with the acquired business. A failure to
effectively manage growth and integrate acquired businesses could have a
material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

39

·

Difficulties
of Managing Foreign Operations Could Negatively Affect Kaplan’s Business 

Kaplan has operations
and investments in a growing number of foreign countries, including Canada,
Mexico, the U.K., Ireland, France, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, India and
China. Operating in foreign countries presents a number of inherent risks,
including the difficulties of complying with unfamiliar laws and regulations,
effectively managing and staffing foreign operations, successfully navigating
local customs and practices, preparing for potential political and economic
instability and adapting to currency exchange rate fluctuations. Failure to
effectively manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s
operating results. 

·

Changes
in International Regulatory and Physical Environments Could Negatively Affect
International Student Enrollments 

A substantial portion
of Kaplan International’s revenue comes from programs that prepare
international students to study and travel to English-speaking countries,
principally the U.S., the U.K., Australia and Singapore. Kaplan International’s
ability to enroll students in these programs is directly dependent on its
ability to comply with complex regulatory environments. A recent example of
this is the immigration regulatory changes in the U.K., which impose
recruitment quotas and stringent progress criteria as requirements for the
maintenance of certain overseas student recruitment licenses. Any significant
changes to the regulatory environment or a natural disaster or pandemic in
either the students’ countries of origin or the countries to which they desire
to travel or study could negatively affect Kaplan’s ability to attract and
retain such students, which could negatively impact Kaplan’s operating
results.  

·

Failure
to Comply with Regulations Applicable to International Operations Could
Negatively Impact Kaplan’s Business

Kaplan is subject to
a wide range of regulations relating to its international operations. These
include domestic laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, as well
as the local regulatory schemes of the countries in which Kaplan operates.
Compliance with these regulations requires utmost vigilance. Failure to comply
can result in the imposition of significant penalties or revocation of Kaplan’s
authority to operate in the applicable jurisdiction, each of which could have a
material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results.

·

Changing
Preferences of Readers or Viewers Away From Traditional Media Outlets 

The rates that the
Company’s print publishing and television broadcasting businesses can charge
for advertising are directly related to the number of readers and viewers of
its publications and broadcasts. There is tremendous competition for readers
and viewers from other media. The Company’s publishing and television
broadcasting businesses will be adversely affected to the extent that
individuals decide to obtain news, entertainment, classified listings and local
shopping information from Internet-based or other media to the exclusion of the
Company’s digital media offerings, print publications and broadcasts. 

·

Changing
Perceptions About the Effectiveness of Publishing and Television Broadcasting
in Delivering Advertising 

Historically,
newspaper publishing and television broadcasting have been viewed as cost-effective
methods of delivering various forms of advertising. There can be no guarantee
that this historical perception will guide future decisions by advertisers. To
the extent that advertisers shift advertising expenditures to other media
outlets, the profitability of the Company’s publishing and television
broadcasting businesses will suffer. 

·

Increased
Competition Resulting From Technological Innovations in News, Information and
Video Programming Distribution Systems 

The development of
DBS systems has significantly increased the competition faced by the Company’s
cable television systems. The continuing growth and technological expansion of
Internet-based services has increased competitive pressure on the
Company’s media businesses. The development and deployment of new technologies
have the potential to negatively and dramatically affect the Company’s
businesses in ways that cannot now be reliably predicted and that may have a
material adverse effect on the Company’s operating results. 

40

·

Changes
in the Nature and Extent of Government Regulations of Television Broadcasting,
Cable Television and VoIP Services 

The Company’s
television broadcasting and cable television businesses operate in highly
regulated environments. The Company’s VoIP services business also is subject to
a growing degree of regulation. Complying with applicable regulations has
significantly increased, and may continue to increase, the costs and has
reduced the revenues of these businesses. Changes in regulations have the potential
to further negatively impact those businesses, not only by increasing
compliance costs and reducing revenues through restrictions on certain types of
advertising, limitations on pricing flexibility or other means, but also by
possibly creating more favorable regulatory environments for the providers of
competing services. More generally, all of the Company’s businesses could have
their profitability or their competitive positions adversely affected by
significant changes in applicable regulations. 

·

Potential
Liability for Intellectual Property Infringement Could Adversely Affect the
Company’s Businesses  

The Company periodically receives claims from third parties alleging
that the Company’s businesses infringe the intellectual property rights of
others. It is likely that the Company will continue to be subject to similar
claims, particularly as they relate to its media and cable businesses. For
example, providers of services similar to those offered by Cable ONE have been
the target of patent infringement claims from time to time, relating to such
matters as cable system architecture, electronic program guides, cable modem
technology and VoIP services. Other parts of the Company’s business could also
be subject to such claims. Addressing intellectual product claims is a
time-consuming and expensive endeavor, regardless of the merits of the claims.
In order to resolve such a claim, the Company could determine the need to
change its method of doing business, enter into a licensing agreement or incur
substantial monetary liability. It is also possible that one of the Company’s
businesses could be enjoined from using the intellectual property at issue,
causing it to significantly alter its operations. Although the Company cannot
predict the impact at this time, if any such claims are successful, then the
outcome would likely affect the businesses utilizing the intellectual property
at issue and could have a material adverse effect on those businesses’
operating results or prospects.        

·

Failure
to Comply With Privacy Laws or Regulations Could Have an Adverse Effect on the
Company’s Business

Various federal,
state and international laws and regulations govern the collection, use,
retention, sharing and security of consumer data. This area of the law is evolving,
and interpretations of applicable laws and regulations differ. Legislative
activity in the privacy area may result in new laws that are relevant to the
Company’s operations, for example, use of consumer data for marketing or
advertising. Claims of failure to comply with the Company’s privacy policies or
applicable laws or regulations could form the basis of governmental or
private-party actions against the Company. Such claims and actions may cause
damage to the Company’s reputation and could have an adverse effect on the
Company’s business.

·

Changes
in the Cost or Availability of Raw Materials, Particularly Newsprint 

The Company’s
newspaper publishing businesses collectively spend significant amounts each
year on newsprint. Increases in the cost of newsprint or significant
disruptions in the supply of newsprint could have a material adverse
effect on the operating results of the Company’s newspaper publishing
businesses. 

·

Extensive
Regulation of Health Care Industry Could Adversely Affect Celtic’s Business and
Results of Operations

The home health and
hospice industries are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws with
regulations affecting matters including licensure and certification, quality of
services, qualifications of personnel, confidentiality and security of medical
records, relationships with physicians and other referral sources, operating
policies and procedures, and billing and coding practices. These laws and
regulations and the manner in which they are interpreted are subject to change.
The Affordable Care Act and the overall trend toward cost containment could
result in insurers lowering payment rates, limiting service coverage and
engaging in other measures to reduce costs. Reimbursement for services by
third-party payers including Medicare, Medicaid and private health insurance
providers, may not be available or may be reduced as a result of changing
regulations and policies. Managed-care organizations, hospitals, physician practices
and other third-party payers continue to consolidate in response to the
evolving regulatory environment, thereby enhancing their ability to influence
the delivery of health care services and decreasing the number of organizations
serving patients. This consolidation could adversely impact Celtic’s business
if it is unable to maintain its ability to participate in established networks.
Changes in existing laws or regulations, in their interpretation and
enforcement, and the enactment of new laws or regulations could have a material
adverse effect on Celtic’s business operations.

41