. 

The Company faces a number of significant risks and uncertainties in connection with its operations. The most significant of these are described below. These risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones facing
the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known, or currently deemed immaterial, may adversely affect the Company in the future. In addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, investors should
carefully consider the following risk factors. If any of the events or developments described below occurs, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations. 

•

 Failure to Comply With Statutory and Regulatory Requirements Could Result in Loss of Access to U.S. Federal Student Loans and Grants Under Title IV, a
Requirement to Pay Fines or Monetary Liabilities or Other Sanctions 

To maintain Title IV eligibility, each group of schools combined
into an OPEID unit must comply with the extensive statutory and regulatory requirements of the Federal Higher Education Act and other laws relating to its financial aid management, educational programs, financial strength, facilities, recruiting
practices and various other matters. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the loss or limitation of the eligibility of one or more of the Kaplan Higher Education schools to participate in Title IV programs, a requirement to pay
fines or to repay Title IV program funds, a denial or refusal by the Department of Education to consider a school’s application for renewal of its certification to participate in the Title IV programs, civil or criminal penalties or other
sanctions. No assurance can be given that the Kaplan schools currently participating in Title IV programs will maintain their Title IV eligibility, accreditation and state authorization in the future or that the Department of Education might not
successfully assert that one or more of such schools have previously failed to comply with Title IV requirements. The loss of Title IV eligibility by either (1) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan University or (2) a combination of
two or more other OPEID units would have a materially adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Program Reviews, Audits, Investigations and Other Reviews of Kaplan Higher Education Schools Could Result in Findings of Failure to Comply With Statutory and
Regulatory Requirements 

The Kaplan Higher Education division schools are subject to Program Reviews, audits, investigations and other
compliance reviews conducted by various regulatory agencies and auditors, including, among others, the Department of Education, the Department of Education’s Office of the Inspector General, accrediting bodies and state and various other
agencies, as well as annual audits by an independent certified public accountant of each OPEID unit’s compliance with Title IV statutory and regulatory requirements. These compliance reviews can result in findings of noncompliance with
statutory and regulatory requirements that can, in turn, result in proceedings to impose fines, liabilities, civil or criminal penalties or other sanctions against the school, including loss or limitation of its eligibility to participate in Title
IV programs. Certain Kaplan Higher Education division schools are the subject of ongoing compliance reviews and lawsuits related to their compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements and may be subject to future compliance reviews.

The Kaplan Higher Education division schools also may be subject to complaints and lawsuits by present or former students or employees or other persons
related to compliance with statutory and regulatory requirements, that, if successful, could result in monetary liabilities or fines or other sanctions. 

•

 Reductions in the Amount of Funds Available to Students, Including Under the Federal Title IV Programs, in Kaplan’s Higher Education Schools, Changes in the
Terms on Which Such Funds Are Made Available or Loss or Limitation of Eligibility to Receive Such Funds 

During the Company’s 2010
fiscal year, funds provided under the student financial aid programs created under Title IV accounted for approximately $1,460 million of the net revenues of the schools in Kaplan Higher Education. Any legislative, regulatory or other development
that has the effect of materially reducing the amount of Title IV financial assistance or other funds available to the students of those schools could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and operations. In addition, any
development that has the effect of making the terms on which Title IV financial assistance or other funds are available to students of those schools materially less attractive could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and
operations. 

• Recent Regulatory Changes Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Kaplan’s Business and Operations 

The Department of Education published two Notices of Proposed Rulemaking in June and July 2010 that proposed new regulations related to 14 “program
integrity” topics. The Department of Education published final regulations on October 29, 2010, addressing each of these topics with the exception of regulations imposing additional eligibility requirements on educational programs subject
to the Department of Education requirement of preparing students for 

2010 FORM
10-K    29 

Table of Contents

gainful employment in a recognized occupation. The topics covered in the final regulations published on October 29, 2010, with a general effective date of July 1, 2011, include, but are
not limited to, the following: 

•

 Revisions to the incentive compensation rule (see separate risk factor discussed below); 

•

 Expansion of the notice and approval requirements for adding new academic programs and new reporting and disclosure requirements for academic programs;

•

 Revision and expansion of the types of activities that are deemed a “substantial misrepresentation” and the ability of the Department of Education to
enforce the provisions; 

•

 Requirement that states authorize institutions and set forth certain minimum requirements to obtain such authorizations; 

•

 Limiting agreements between related institutions; 

•

 Defining a “credit hour”; 

•

 Administration of ability-to-benefit examinations; 

•

 Student attendance requirements; 

•

 Proof of high school graduation; 

•

 Verification of information included on student aid applications; 

•

 Satisfactory academic progress; 

•

 Retaking coursework; 

•

 Return of Title IV funds; and 

•

 Disbursements of Title IV funds. 

The
implementation of the final regulations will require Kaplan to change its practices to comply with these requirements and could increase its administrative costs. The changes to its practices or its inability to comply with the final regulations on
or after their effective date could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and results of operations. 

•

 Compliance With Recently Adopted Regulations Regarding Incentive Compensation May Make It Difficult for Kaplan to Attract Students and Retain Qualified Personnel

Under the incentive compensation rule, an institution participating in the Title IV programs may not provide any commission, bonus or
other incentive payment based directly or indirectly on success in securing enrollments or financial aid to any person or entity engaged in any student recruiting or admission activities or in making decisions regarding the awarding of Title IV
funds. The Department of Education’s current regulations establish 12 “safe harbors” identifying types of compensation that could be paid without violating the incentive compensation rule. On October 29, 2010, the Department of
Education issued final rules, effective July 1, 2011, that amended the incentive compensation rule by, among other things, eliminating the 12 safe harbors (and thereby reducing the scope of permissible payments under the rule) and expanding the
scope of payments and employees subject to the rule. The Department of Education has stated that it does not intend to provide private guidance regarding particular compensation structures in the future and will enforce the regulations as written.
The Company cannot predict how the Department of Education will interpret and enforce the revised incentive compensation rule and is presently unable to predict with certainty which forms of compensation will be permitted under the rule, or the full
effect the new rule will have on the results of the Kaplan Higher Education division. Kaplan Higher Education will have to modify some of its compensation practices as a result of the revisions to the incentive compensation rule. These changes to
compensation arrangements for its personnel could adversely affect its ability to provide adequate incentives to promote superior job performance, may make it more difficult to attract students and retain qualified personnel and could have a
material adverse effect on Kaplan’s business and results of operations. 

•

 Proposed Rulemaking by the Department of Education Regarding Gainful Employment Could Result in Regulatory Changes That Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on
Kaplan’s Business and Operations 

The Department of Education plans to issue final regulations in early 2011 that would impose
additional eligibility requirements on educational programs that are subject to the requirement of preparing students for gainful employment in a recognized occupation. The Department of Education published proposed gainful employment regulations in
the July 2010 Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that would require each educational program to comply with benchmarks based on (1) annual student loan repayment rates and (2) an annual student debt measure comparing the median annual student loan
payment to average annual student earnings and to student’s discretionary income. The various measures would be calculated under complex formulas prescribed in the proposed regulations and would be based in part on data that is not

30    THE
WASHINGTON POST COMPANY 

Table of Contents

available to Kaplan’s schools. An educational program that fails to meet one or both benchmarks could lose its Title IV eligibility, be placed on restricted status, be required to provide
annual employer affirmations that the program aligns with recognized occupations at their businesses and that there are projected job vacancies or expected demand for those occupations at those businesses, be subject to limits on enrollment of Title
IV recipients, and/or be required to provide disclosures and warnings to current and prospective students that they may have difficulty repaying loans obtained for attending that program. An institution with one or more ineligible programs or
programs on restricted status would be subject to provisional certification. 

The Company cannot currently predict with reasonable accuracy the impact
the proposed regulation would have on its program offerings if it were enacted in its current form, nor can it predict with reasonable accuracy the final form or impact of the final regulation. The proposed regulations are not final and remain
subject to further review and change. However, the implementation of the regulation as proposed, or any other changes the Department of Education may implement, would require Kaplan to eliminate or limit enrollments in certain educational programs
at some or all of its schools and would have a materially adverse effect on the rate at which students enroll in programs at its schools and on business and operations. 

•

 Congressional Examination of For-Profit Education Could Lead to Legislation or Other Governmental Action That May Materially and Adversely Affect Kaplan’s
Business 

There has been increased focus by the U.S. Congress in 2010 on the role that for-profit education institutions play in higher
education, including regarding participation in Title IV programs and U.S. Department of Defense oversight of tuition assistance for military service members attending for-profit colleges. Since June 2010, the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions
Committee of the U.S. Senate (“HELP Committee”) has held hearings to examine the for-profit education sector. As part of the HELP Committee’s review, investigators from the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) performed
undercover tests at 15 for-profit higher education institutions, including 2 campuses of KHE. In August 2010, the GAO issued a report that was critical of the recruiting tactics at several schools, including the 2 Kaplan campuses. The GAO
subsequently revised its report. 

On August 5, 2010, the HELP Committee sent a document request to numerous for-profit schools, including Kaplan.
The information requested covered a broad range of business activities, including detailed information relating to financial results, management, operations, personnel, recruiting, enrollment, graduation, student withdrawals, receipt of Title IV
funds, accreditation, regulatory compliance and other items. The HELP Committee indicated that it is interested in investigating the receipt and use of federal student loan funds at for-profit higher education institutions and, potentially,
proposing additional legislation related to the sector. Kaplan has completed its response to the document request; however, at this time, the Company cannot predict the ultimate impact that the investigation may have on Kaplan Higher Education, or
the likelihood of or content of any future legislation. 

Other committees of the U.S. Congress have also held hearings into, among other things, the
standards and procedures of accrediting agencies, credit hours and program length, and the portion of federal student financial aid going to for-profit institutions. A number of legislators have variously requested the GAO to review and make
recommendations regarding, among other things, recruitment practices; educational quality; student outcomes; the sufficiency of integrity safeguards against waste, fraud and abuse in Title IV programs; and the percentage of proprietary
institutions’ revenue coming from Title IV and other federal funding sources. This increased activity may result in legislation, further rulemaking affecting participation in Title IV programs and other governmental actions. In addition,
concerns generated by congressional or other activity, or media reports, may adversely affect enrollment in for-profit educational institutions. 

Kaplan
cannot predict the extent to which these activities could result in further investigations, legislation or rulemaking affecting its participation in Title IV programs, other governmental actions and/or actions by state agencies or legislators or by
accreditors. If any laws or regulations are adopted that significantly limit Kaplan’s participation in Title IV programs or the amount of student financial aid for which Kaplan’s students are eligible, Kaplan’s results of operations
and cash flows would be adversely and materially impacted. 

•

 Kaplan Commitment Is Expected to Materially Impact Operating Results 

In the fourth quarter of 2010, Kaplan Higher Education phased in a new program, the Kaplan Commitment. Under this program, students of Kaplan University, Kaplan College and other KHE schools enroll in classes for
several weeks and assess whether their educational experience meets their needs and expectations before incurring any significant financial obligation. Kaplan also conducts academic assessments to help determine whether students are likely to be
successful in their chosen course of study. Students who choose to withdraw from the program during this time frame (“risk-free period”) and students who do not pass the academic evaluation do not have to pay for the coursework. In
general, the risk-free period is approximately four weeks for diploma programs and five weeks for associate’s and bachelor’s degrees. 

2010 FORM
10-K    31 

Table of Contents

This program and related initiatives are designed to benefit students and will likely have a significant impact on the
future operations of Kaplan Higher Education, including student enrollment and retention, tuition revenues, operating income and cash flow. Based on historical student withdrawal and performance patterns and assuming students who withdrew during
early academic terms would have instead availed themselves of the Kaplan Commitment, management estimates that Kaplan Higher Education revenues would have been approximately $140 million less in 2010 had the provisions of the Kaplan Commitment
commenced on January 1, 2010. Kaplan is not able to estimate whether the Kaplan Commitment will cause student retention patterns to differ from historical levels. The Kaplan Commitment is expected to have a material impact on Kaplan’s
operating results. 

•

 Student Loan Defaults Could Result in Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs 

A school may lose its eligibility to participate in Title IV programs if student defaults on the repayment of Title IV loans exceed specified rates, referred to as
“cohort default rates.” The Department of Education calculates a cohort default rate for each of Kaplan Higher Education’s OPEID numbers. The schools in an OPEID number whose cohort default rate exceeds 40% for any single year lose
their eligibility to participate in the Federal Family Education Loan (“FFEL”) and Direct Loan programs effective 30 days after notification from the Department of Education and for at least two fiscal years, except in the event of a
successful adjustment or appeal. The schools in an OPEID number whose cohort default rate equals or exceeds 25% for three consecutive years lose their Title IV eligibility to participate in FFEL, Direct Loan and Federal Pell Grant programs effective
30 days after notification from the Department of Education and for at least two fiscal years, except in the event of a successful adjustment or appeal. The schools in an OPEID number whose cohort default rate equals or exceeds 25% in any one of the
three most recent fiscal years for which rates have been issued by the Department of Education may be placed on provisional certification by the Department of Education. 

The two-year cohort default rate for Kaplan University (which comprises 52% of Kaplan Higher Educations’s revenue) for the federal fiscal year periods 2008, 2007 and 2006 were 17.2%, 13.3% and 9.2%,
respectively. The cohort default rates for the remaining Kaplan Higher Education reporting units for those federal fiscal year periods ranged from 5.8% to 25.7%, 7.8% to 28.7%, and 2.1% to 24.9%, respectively. 

For the 2008 cohort year, one reporting group had a cohort default rate of 25% or more, but none had two or more years above 25%. For the 2009 cohort year,
which has been issued in draft form by the Department of Education, no reporting units had a cohort default rate greater than 25%. The Department of Education’s 2009 draft rates indicated that Kaplan University’s 2009 fiscal year
cohort default rate was 17.5% and that the overall rates at Kaplan Higher Education’s reporting units range between 9.8% and 24.3%. The 2009 draft rates are not final and are subject to revision. The loss of Title IV eligibility by either
(1) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan University or (2) a combination of two or more other OPEID units would have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs If Title IV Revenues Exceed Federally-Set Percentage 

Under regulations referred to as the 90/10 rule, a Kaplan Higher Education OPEID unit would lose its eligibility to participate in the Title IV programs for a
period of at least two fiscal years if it derives more than 90% of its receipts from the Title IV programs for two consecutive fiscal years, commencing with the unit’s first fiscal year that ends after August 14, 2008. Any OPEID
reporting unit with receipts from the Title IV programs exceeding 90% for a single fiscal year ending after August 14, 2008, would be placed on provisional certification and may be subject to other enforcement measures. The enactment of
the Ensuring Continued Access to Student Loans Act of 2008 increased student loan limits and the maximum amount of Pell Grants, which could result in an increase in the percentage of KHE’s receipts from Title IV programs. The Higher Education
Opportunity Act has provided temporary relief from the impact of the loan limit increases by excluding from the 90/10 rule calculation any amounts received between July 1, 2008, and June 30, 2011, that are attributable to the increased
annual loan limits. Absent relief from the loan limit increases, Kaplan University would have a 90/10 ratio of 91.7%, and the remaining Kaplan Higher Education OPEID numbers would have 90/10 percentages ranging between 75.3% and 94.5%. The loss of
Title IV eligibility by either (1) the single OPEID unit that includes Kaplan University or (2) a combination of two or more other OPEID units would have a materially adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Failure to Maintain Institutional Accreditation Could Lead to Loss of Ability to Participate in Title IV Programs 

Kaplan Higher Education’s online university and all of its ground campuses are institutionally accredited by one or another of a number of national and
regional accreditors recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. Accreditation by an accrediting agency recognized by the U.S. Department of Education is required for an institution to become and remain eligible to participate in Title IV
programs. The loss of accreditation would, among other things, render the affected Kaplan schools and programs ineligible to participate in Title IV programs and would have a material adverse effect on its business and operations. 

32    THE
WASHINGTON POST COMPANY 

Table of Contents

•

 Failure to Maintain State Authorizations Could Cause Loss of Ability to Operate and to Participate in Title IV Programs in Some States

Kaplan Higher Education’s ground campuses and online university are subject to state-level regulation and oversight by state
licensing agencies, whose approval is necessary to allow an institution to operate and grant degrees or diplomas in the state. Institutions that participate in Title IV programs must be legally authorized to operate in the state in which the
institution is physically located. The loss of such authorization would preclude the campuses or online university from offering postsecondary education and render students ineligible to participate in Title IV programs. Loss of authorization at
those state campus locations, or, in states that require it, for Kaplan University online, could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan Higher Education’s business and operations. 

Some states have sought to assert jurisdiction over online educational institutions that offer educational services to residents in the state or to institutions that advertise or recruit in the state,
notwithstanding the lack of a physical location in the state. State regulatory requirements for online education vary among the states, are not well developed in many states, are imprecise or unclear in some states and are subject to change. If
Kaplan Higher Education is found not to be in compliance with an applicable state regulation and a state seeks to restrict one or more of its business activities within its boundaries, it may not be able to recruit or enroll students in that state
and may have to cease providing services and advertising in that state. 

The Department of Education published new regulations on October 29, 2010,
with an effective date of July 1, 2011, that expand the requirements for an institution to be considered legally authorized in the state in which it is physically located for Title IV purposes. In some cases, the regulations will require states
to revise their current requirements and/or to license schools in order for institutions to be deemed legally authorized in those states and, in turn, to participate in the Title IV programs. If the states do not amend their requirements where
necessary and if schools do not receive approvals where necessary that comply with these new requirements, then the institution could be deemed to lack the state authorization necessary to participate in the Title IV programs. However, under the
final regulations, institutions unable to obtain state authorization in a state under the above requirements may request a one-year extension of the effective date of the regulation to July 1, 2012, and, if necessary, an additional one-year
extension of the effective date to July 1, 2013. To receive an extension of the effective date, an institution must obtain from the state an explanation of how a one-year extension will permit the state to modify its procedures to comply with
the regulations. 

In addition, the new Department of Education rules also require institutions offering postsecondary education to students through
distance education in a state in which the institution is not physically located or in which it is otherwise subject to state jurisdiction as determined by the state, to meet any state requirements for it to be legally offering postsecondary
distance education in that state. The regulations require an institution to document upon request by the Department of Education that it has the applicable state approval. As a result, some of Kaplan Higher Education’s schools and distance
education programs may be required to obtain additional or revised state authorizations. If Kaplan Higher Education is unable to obtain the required approvals, its students in the affected schools or programs may be unable to receive Title IV funds,
which could have a material adverse effect on its business and operations. 

•

 Failure to Correctly Calculate or Timely Return Title IV Funds for Students Who Withdraw Prior to Completing Programs Could Result in a Requirement to Post a
Letter of Credit or Other Sanctions 

Department of Education regulations require schools participating in Title IV programs to
calculate correctly and return on a timely basis unearned Title IV funds disbursed to students who withdraw from a program of study prior to completion. These funds must be returned in a timely manner, generally within 45 days of the date the school
determines that the student has withdrawn. Under Department of Education regulations, failure to make timely returns of Title IV program funds for 5% or more of students sampled in a school’s annual compliance audit in either of its two most
recently completed fiscal years could result in a requirement that the school post a letter of credit in an amount equal to 25% of its prior year returns of Title IV program funds. If unearned funds are not properly calculated and returned in a
timely manner, an institution is also subject to monetary liabilities, fines or other sanctions. Six of the Kaplan Higher Education reporting units currently have letters of credit outstanding to the Department of Education as a result of this
requirement, with a collective total face value of approximately $3.3 million. The requirement to post additional letters of credit or the imposition of other sanctions by the Department of Education would increase Kaplan’s regulatory
compliance costs and could have a materially adverse effect on its business and operations. 

•

 Failure to Demonstrate “Financial Responsibility” Could Result in a Requirement to Submit Letters of Credit to the U.S. Department of Education, Loss
of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs, or Other Sanctions 

An institution participating in the Title IV programs must
comply with certain measures of financial responsibility under the Federal Higher Education Act and under Department of Education regulations. Among other things, the applicable 

2010 FORM
10-K    33 

Table of Contents

regulations require an institution to achieve a composite score of at least 1.5, as calculated under Department of Education regulations, based on data in annual financial statements submitted to
the Department of Education. If an institution fails to achieve a composite score of 1.5 or fails to comply with other financial responsibility standards, then the Department of Education may place conditions on the institution’s participation
in the Title IV programs and may require the institution to submit to the Department of Education a letter of credit in an amount of at least 10% to 50% of the institution’s annual Title IV participation for its most recent fiscal year. The
Department of Education has measured the compliance of Kaplan’s Higher Education division’s schools based on the composite score of the division. If one or more of the institutions in Kaplan’s Higher Education division fail to meet
the composite score standard or any of the other financial responsibility standards, then those institutions may be required to post a letter of credit in favor of the Department of Education and possibly may be subject to other sanctions,
including limitation or termination of their participation in Title IV programs. A requirement to post a letter of credit or the imposition of any one or more other sanctions by the Department of Education could have a material adverse effect
on Kaplan’s results of operations. 

•

 Failure to Demonstrate “Administrative Capability” Could Result in Loss of Eligibility to Participate in Title IV Programs or Other Sanctions

Department of Education regulations specify extensive criteria that an institution must satisfy to establish that it has the required
“administrative capability” to participate in Title IV programs. These criteria include, but are not limited to, requirements relating to the institution’s compliance with all applicable Title IV requirements; the institution’s
administration of Title IV programs; the institution’s compliance with certain reporting, disclosure, and record keeping obligations; and the institution’s ability to maintain cohort default rates below prescribed thresholds. Failure to
comply with these criteria could result in the loss or limitation of the eligibility of one or more of the schools in Kaplan’s Higher Education division to participate in the Title IV programs, a requirement to pay fines or to repay Title IV
program funds, a denial or refusal by the Department of Education to consider a school’s application for renewal of its certification to participate in the Title IV programs, civil or criminal penalties or other sanctions. Any one or more of
these actions by the Department of Education could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan’s results of operations. 

•

 Failure to Obtain Regulatory Approval of Transactions Involving a Change of Control May Result in Loss of Ability to Operate Schools or to Participate in Federal
Student Financial Aid Programs. 

If one or more of Kaplan Higher Education’s schools experiences a change of control under the
standards of applicable state agencies, accrediting agencies or the Department of Education, the schools governed by such agencies must seek the approval of the relevant agencies. The failure of any of Kaplan Higher Education’s schools to
reestablish its state authorization, accreditation or Department of Education certification following a change of control as defined by the applicable agency could result in a suspension of operating authority or suspension or loss of federal
student financial aid funding, which could have a material adverse effect on Kaplan Higher Education’s student population and revenue. 

•

 Actions of Other Postsecondary Education Institutions May Negatively Influence the Regulatory Environment and Kaplan’s Reputation

The U.S. Senate HELP committee hearings, along with other recent investigations and lawsuits, have included allegations of, among
other things, deceptive trade practices, false claims against the United States and non-compliance with state and U.S. Department of Education regulations. These allegations have attracted significant adverse media coverage. Allegations against the
overall student lending and postsecondary education sectors may impact general public perceptions of educational institutions, including Kaplan, in a negative manner. Adverse media coverage regarding other educational institutions or regarding
Kaplan directly could damage its reputation, reduce student demand for Kaplan programs, adversely impact its revenues and operating profit or result in increased regulatory scrutiny. 

•

 Changes in the Extent to Which Standardized Tests Are Used in the Admissions Process by Colleges or Graduate Schools 

A substantial portion of Kaplan’s revenue is generated by Kaplan Text Preparation. The source of this income is fees charged for courses that prepare
students for a broad range of admissions examinations that are required for admission to colleges and graduate schools. Historically, colleges and graduate schools have required standardized tests as part of the admissions process. There has been
some movement away from this historical reliance on standardized admissions tests among a small number of colleges that have adopted “test-optional” admissions policies. Any significant reduction in the use of standardized tests in the
college or graduate school admissions process could have an adverse effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

34    THE
WASHINGTON POST COMPANY 

Table of Contents

•

 Changes in the Extent to Which Licensing and Proficiency Examinations Are Used to Qualify Individuals to Pursue Certain Careers 

A substantial portion of Kaplan Test Preparation’s and Kaplan International’s revenue comes from preparing individuals for licensing or technical
proficiency examinations in various fields. Any significant relaxation or elimination of licensing or technical proficiency requirements in those fields served by Kaplan Test Preparation’s and Kaplan International’s businesses could
negatively impact Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Failure to Successfully Assimilate Acquired Businesses 

The Company’s Kaplan subsidiary has historically been an active acquirer of businesses that provide educational services. Consistent with this historical trend, during 2010 Kaplan completed four acquisitions.
Acquisitions involve various inherent risks and uncertainties, including difficulties in efficiently integrating the service offerings, accounting and other administrative systems of an acquired business; the challenges of assimilating and retaining
key personnel; the consequences of diverting the attention of senior management from existing operations; the possibility that an acquired business does not meet or exceed the financial projections that supported the purchase price; and the possible
failure of the due diligence process to identify significant business risks or undisclosed liabilities associated with the acquired business. A failure to effectively manage growth and integrate acquired businesses could have a material adverse
effect on Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Difficulties of Managing Foreign Operations 

Kaplan has operations and investments in a growing number of foreign countries, including Canada, Mexico, the U.K., Ireland, France, Israel, Australia, New Zealand,
Singapore, India and China. Operating in foreign countries presents a number of inherent risks, including the difficulties of complying with unfamiliar laws and regulations, effectively managing and staffing foreign operations, successfully
navigating local customs and practices, preparing for potential political and economic instability and adapting to currency exchange rate fluctuations. The failure to effectively manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on
Kaplan’s operating results. 

•

 Changes in International Regulatory and Physical Environments Could Negatively Affect International Student Enrollments 

A substantial portion of Kaplan International’s revenue comes from programs that prepare international students to study and travel to English-speaking
countries, principally the U.S., the U.K., Australia, and Singapore. Any significant changes to the regulatory environment, or a natural disaster or pandemic, in either the students’ counties of origin or the countries to which they desire to
travel or study, could negatively affect Kaplan’s ability to attract and retain such students, which could negatively impact Kaplan’s operating results. An example of this is the recent immigration regulatory changes in the U.K. which
impose recruitment quotas and stringent progression criteria as requirements for the maintenance of certain overseas student recruitment licenses. 

•

 Negative Impact of the Recession, Particularly in the Specific Geographic Markets Served by the Company’s Publishing and Television Broadcasting Businesses

A significant portion of the Company’s revenues in its publishing and broadcasting businesses comes from advertising. The demand
for advertising is sensitive to the overall level of economic activity, both nationally and locally. The recession reduced advertising expenditures of many of the Company’s advertisers, which has had a lingering negative impact on the
operating results of the Company’s newspaper and television broadcasting businesses. A decline in general economic conditions in the United States may have a material adverse effect on the operating results of the Company’s businesses.

•

 Changing Preferences of Readers or Viewers Away From Traditional Media Outlets 

The rates that the Company’s print publishing and television broadcasting businesses can charge for advertising are directly related to the number of readers and viewers of its publications and broadcasts.
There is tremendous competition for readers and viewers from other media. The Company’s publishing and television broadcasting businesses will be adversely affected to the extent that individuals decide to obtain news, entertainment, classified
listings and local shopping information from Internet-based or other media to the exclusion of the Company’s websites, print publications and broadcasts. 

•

 Changing Perceptions About the Effectiveness of Publishing and Television Broadcasting in Delivering Advertising 

Historically, newspaper publishing and television broadcasting have been viewed as cost-effective methods of delivering various forms of advertising. There can be
no guarantee that this historical perception will guide future decisions on the 

2010 FORM
10-K    35 

Table of Contents

part of advertisers. To the extent that advertisers shift advertising expenditures to other media outlets, the profitability of the Company’s publishing and television broadcasting
businesses will suffer. 

•

 Increased Competition Resulting From Technological Innovations in News, Information and Video Programming Distribution Systems 

The development of direct broadcast satellite systems has significantly increased the competition faced by the Company’s cable television systems. In addition,
the continuing growth and technological expansion of Internet-based services has increased competitive pressure on the Company’s media businesses. The development and deployment of new technologies has the potential to negatively and
dramatically affect the Company’s businesses in ways that cannot now be reliably predicted and that may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operating results. 

•

 Changes in the Nature and Extent of Government Regulations in the Case of Television Broadcasting, Cable Television and VoIP Services

The Company’s television broadcasting and cable television businesses operate in highly regulated environments. The
Company’s VoIP services business also is subject to a growing degree of regulation. Complying with applicable regulations has significantly increased, and may continue to increase, the costs and reduced the revenues of these businesses. Changes
in regulations have the potential to further negatively impact those businesses, not only by increasing compliance costs and reducing revenues through restrictions on certain types of advertising, limitations on pricing flexibility or other means,
but also by possibly creating more favorable regulatory environments for the providers of competing services. More generally, all of the Company’s businesses could have their profitability or their competitive positions adversely affected by
significant changes in applicable regulations. 

•

 Potential Liability for Patent Infringement in the Cable Industry 

Providers of services similar to those offered by Cable ONE have been the target of patent infringement claims from time to time relating to such matters as cable system architecture, electronic program guides,
cable modem technology and VoIP services. Although the Company cannot predict the impact at this time, if any such claims are successful, the outcome would likely affect Cable ONE and could have a material adverse effect on its operating results.

•

 Changes in the Cost or Availability of Raw Materials, Particularly Newsprint 

The Company’s newspaper publishing businesses collectively spend significant amounts each year on newsprint. Increases in the cost of newsprint or significant disruptions in the supply of newsprint could have
a material adverse effect on the operating results of the Company’s newspaper publishing businesses.