In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation (including the commercial or scientific reputation of our products), prospects, product pipeline and sales, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors; our operations could also be affected by factors, events or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Therefore, you should not consider the following risks to be a complete statement of all the potential risks or uncertainties that we face. Moreover, some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past, and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. 

Product and Commercialization Risks

Certain of our products subject us to additional or heightened risks.

HIV

We receive a substantial portion of our revenue from sales of our products for the treatment and prevention of HIV infection. We may be unable to sustain or increase sales of our HIV products for any number of reasons, including market share gains by competitive products, including generics, or the inability to introduce new HIV medications necessary to remain competitive. In such case, we may need to scale back our operations, including our future drug development and spending on research and development (“R&D”) efforts.

Cell Therapy

Advancing a novel and personalized therapy, such as Yescarta or Tecartus, which are chimeric antigen receptor (“CAR”) T-cell therapies, creates significant challenges, including:

•
developing and maintaining a robust and reliable process for engineering a patient’s T cells in our facilities and infusing them back into the patient;

•
conditioning patients with chemotherapy in advance of administering our therapy, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects; and

•
securing sufficient supply of other medications to manage side effects, such as tocilizumab and corticosteroids, which may not be available in sufficient quantities, may not adequately control the side effects and/or may have detrimental impacts on the efficacy of cell therapy.

In addition, future cell therapy products may be subject to a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”), which is a drug safety program that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) may require for certain drugs. For example, until June 2025, Yescarta and Tecartus were subject to a REMS requirement to manage the risks of cytokine release syndrome and neurologic toxicities, which required a certification process for hospitals and clinics that dispense the products.

The use of engineered T cells as a potential cancer treatment is a recent development and may not be broadly accepted by physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers, payers and others in the medical community. For example, in January 2024, FDA instituted a class labeling change for all approved CAR T-cell therapies, including a “boxed warning” about the possible risk of secondary T-cell malignancies in patients treated with CAR T-cell therapy. For challenges related to the reimbursement of Yescarta and Tecartus, see also 
“
Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates.”

We rely on third-party sites to collect patients’ white blood cells, known as apheresis centers, as well as shippers, couriers, and hospitals for the logistical collection of patients’ white blood cells and ultimate delivery of Yescarta and Tecartus to patients. Disruptions or difficulties at these vendors could result in product loss and regulatory action. Apheresis centers may also decline to participate in our quality certification process, or we may be unable to complete such certification in a timely manner or at all, which could delay or constrain our manufacturing and commercialization efforts.

We also face risks related to our in-house CAR T-cell therapy manufacturing facilities in California, Maryland and the Netherlands, spanning process development, vector manufacturing, clinical trial production and commercial product manufacturing. Quality, reliability and speed are critical in cell therapy manufacturing to quickly and safely deliver our cell therapies to patients. Any delays or quality issues with our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our business and 

17

damage our reputation. In addition, we may not be able to sufficiently increase manufacturing network capacity to meet growing demand.

Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products.

If we are unable to launch commercially successful new products or new indications for existing products, including approval for earlier lines of therapy, our business will be adversely impacted. The launch of commercially successful products is necessary to grow our business, cover our substantial R&D expenses, and offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in drug development and the introduction of new products. The product development cycle is characterized by significant investments of resources, long lead times and unpredictable outcomes due to the nature of developing medicines for human use. We expend significant time and resources on our product pipeline as well as on preparations for potential commercial launch without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. A high rate of failure is inherent in the discovery and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the process, including late in the process after substantial investment. Such failures have had, and may have in the future, a negative impact on our business and financial results, including as a result of our inability to recover R&D, clinical trial, acquisition-related and other expenses incurred in connection with the development of and launch preparations for our product candidates. For example, we enter into commitments to purchase materials and supplies in anticipation of the potential manufacture and sale of new product candidates, and if the development, approval or launch of these product candidates is delayed or otherwise unsuccessful, we may experience excess inventory that needs to be written down, losses on firm commitments to purchase inventory, or other related costs and expenses resulting from such commitments. 

Additionally, we face public attention and scrutiny related to the complex decisions we make concerning the pricing, global supply and distribution, allocation and intellectual property of our commercialized products, as well as other factors that may contribute to patient access to our medicines, all of which may adversely affect our business and our corporate reputation. 

We face challenges in accurately forecasting sales because of the difficulties in predicting demand for our products and fluctuations in purchasing patterns or wholesaler inventories.

We may be unable to accurately predict demand for our products as demand depends on a number of factors. If we do not accurately forecast demand or manufacture products at levels to align with actual demand, then we may experience product shortages or build excess inventory that may need to be written off. For example, product demand may be adversely affected if physicians do not see the benefit of our products. Additionally, uptake of new products may not materialize as expected, or at all in the case of unsuccessful product candidates. For example, Veklury sales generally reflect COVID-19 related rates and severity of infections and hospitalizations, as well as the availability, uptake and effectiveness of vaccines and alternative treatments for COVID-19, and future sales in the short- and long-term remain uncertain. 

Additionally, the non-retail sector in the U.S., which includes government institutions, including state AIDS Drug Assistance Programs, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, correctional facilities and large health maintenance organizations, tends to be less consistent in terms of buying patterns and often causes quarter-over-quarter fluctuations that do not mirror actual patient demand for our products. Federal and state budget pressures, as well as the annual grant cycles for federal and state funds, may cause purchasing patterns to not reflect patient demand for our products. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers. In light of the budget crises faced by many European countries, we have observed variations in purchasing patterns induced by cost containment measures in Europe. We believe these measures have caused some government agencies and other purchasers to reduce inventory of our products in the distribution channels, and we may continue to see this trend in the future.

We sell and distribute most of our products in the U.S. exclusively through the wholesaler/distributor channel. Historically, approximately 90% of our gross product sales in the U.S. have been to three wholesalers—Cardinal Health, Inc., Cencora, Inc. and McKesson Corporation—and their specialty distributor affiliates. The U.S. wholesalers and distributors with whom we have entered into inventory management agreements make estimates to determine end-user demand and may not be accurate in matching their inventory levels to actual end-user demand. As a result, changes in inventory levels held by those wholesalers and distributors can cause our operating results to fluctuate unexpectedly if our sales to these wholesalers and distributors do not match end-user demand. In addition, inventory is held at retail and specialty pharmacies and other non-wholesaler/distributor locations with whom we have no inventory management agreements and no control over buying patterns. Adverse changes in economic conditions, increased competition or other factors may cause retail and specialty pharmacies to reduce their inventories of our products, which would reduce their orders from wholesalers and distributors and, consequently, the wholesalers’ and distributors’ orders from us, even if end-user demand has not changed. In addition, we have observed that strong wholesaler/distributor and sub-wholesaler/distributor purchases of our products in the second half of the year typically results in inventory draw-down by wholesalers/distributors and sub-wholesalers/distributors in the subsequent first quarter. As inventory in the distribution channel fluctuates from quarter to quarter, we may continue to see fluctuations in our earnings and a mismatch between prescription demand for our products and our revenues.

18

We face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms and generic drug manufacturers.

New branded or generic products entering major markets affect our ability to maintain pricing and market share. Our products compete with other available products based primarily on efficacy, safety, tolerability, acceptance by doctors, ease of patient compliance, ease of use, price, insurance and other reimbursement coverage, distribution and marketing. A number of companies, including large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and specialized pharmaceutical firms acting either independently or together with other such companies, are pursuing the development of products and technologies that may be competitive with our existing products or research programs. Furthermore, academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private organizations conducting research may seek patent protection or may establish collaborative arrangements for competitive products or programs. We may be adversely impacted if any of these competitors gain market share as a result of new technologies, commercialization strategies or otherwise.

Our existing products are subject to pricing and reimbursement pressures from government agencies and other third parties, including required discounts and rebates.

Successful commercialization of our products depends, in part, on the availability and amount of third-party payer reimbursement for our products and related treatments and medical services in the markets where we sell our products. As our products mature, pricing pressures from private insurers and government payers often result in a reduction of the net product prices.

Legislative and regulatory actions affecting government prescription drug procurement and reimbursement programs occur relatively frequently. We may be adversely impacted by any such legislative and regulatory actions, though it is difficult to predict the impact, if any, on the use and reimbursement of our products.

In the U.S., the European Union (“EU”) and other significant or potentially significant markets for our products and product candidates, government authorities and third-party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or regulate the price of medical products and services. The volume of drug pricing-related legislation and administrative action has dramatically increased in recent years, including:

•
U.S. Congress has enacted laws requiring manufacturer refunds on certain amounts of discarded drug from single-use vials and eliminating the existing cap on Medicaid rebate amounts beginning in 2024.

•
U.S. Congress has enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”), which, among other changes, (1) requires the Department of Health and Human Services to “negotiate” Medicare prices for certain drugs (starting with 10 drugs in 2026, adding 15 drugs in 2027 and 2028, and adding 20 drugs in 2029 and subsequent years), which could also affect the Medicaid rebate obligations and the ceiling prices charged to covered entities under Section 340B of the Public Health Service Act (“340B”) if such prices are lower than the Medicaid Best Price and reduce the Average Sales Price and associated Medicare reimbursement rate for products reimbursed under Medicare Part B; (2) imposes an inflation-based rebate on Medicare Part B utilization starting in 2023 and Part D utilization beginning October 1, 2022; and (3) restructures the Medicare Part D benefit to cap out-of-pocket expenses for Part D beneficiaries beginning in 2024 and, effective January 1, 2025, increases Part D plans’ contributions in the catastrophic coverage phase and increases manufacturers’ discount contributions across coverage phases such that manufacturers must pay a 10% discount in the initial coverage phase and a 20% discount in the catastrophic phase on drugs utilized by all Part D beneficiaries, including low income subsidy patients. In January 2026, the Department of Health and Human Services selected Biktarvy for Medicare negotiation of Medicare prices that will be effective beginning in 2028, and more of our products may be selected in the future. We continue to evaluate the potential impact of the IRA on our business, but we anticipate that the negotiated Medicare price will be substantially lower than the price we currently charge in Medicare and may also lead to increased rebates we owe Medicaid agencies and reduced ceiling prices charged to 340B covered entities. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) has issued a number of guidance documents governing certain aspects of the IRA, but it remains unclear how certain provisions of the IRA are being implemented due to lack of full transparency. Additional guidance, legislation or rulemaking may be issued that could change the scope or implementation of the IRA. In addition, multiple manufacturers and trade organizations have challenged the Medicare negotiation provisions of the IRA, and additional legal challenges may be filed in the future. While the full impact of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry remains uncertain at this time, we anticipate that the IRA will increase our payment obligations under the redesigned Part D discount program, limit the prices we can charge for our products, and increase the rebates we must provide government programs for our products, thereby reducing our profitability and negatively impacting our financial results. 

•
U.S. Congress has enacted the One Big Beautiful Bill (“OBBB”) Act, which made several changes to the Medicaid program, such as imposing Medicaid work requirements and imposing stricter eligibility and enrollment standards. Most of these policies will take effect in 2027. In addition, the OBBB Act did not extend the availability of enhanced premium subsidies, which subsidize patient premiums for Affordable Care Act (“ACA”) health insurance exchange 

19

plans and expired at the end of 2025. If these subsidies are not reinstated, it is possible that patient enrollment in ACA exchange plans could substantially decrease. These changes, individually or in combination, could decrease health insurance coverage for patients taking our medicines, potentially disrupt access to our medicines for some individuals and negatively impact our financial results.

•
Many state legislatures are considering, or have already enacted, legislation that seeks to indirectly or directly regulate pharmaceutical drug pricing, such as requiring manufacturers to publicly report proprietary pricing information, creating drug affordability review boards, establishing drug payment limits, and encouraging the use of generic drugs. A finding that one of our products is unaffordable could lead to legislative action to designate an upper limit on the amount certain purchasers and payors can pay for our products. These initiatives and such other legislation may cause added pricing pressures on our products, and the resulting impact on our business is uncertain at this time.

•
Many countries outside the U.S., including the EU member states, have established complex and lengthy procedures to obtain price approvals and coverage reimbursement and periodically review their pricing and reimbursement decisions. The outcome of these reviews is unpredictable and may adversely affect the pricing and reimbursement of our medical products in the EU. Price reductions in one EU member state could affect pricing in others and negatively impact our financial results.

•
U.S. Department of Commerce initiated an investigation on imports of pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical ingredients, which may result in the current U.S. Presidential administration taking actions to impose potential tariffs or importation quotas in the pharmaceutical industry that could increase our manufacturing costs and adversely impact our supply chain resiliency and business competitiveness. For example, in September 2025, the U.S. Presidential administration announced plans to impose up to 100% tariffs on imported branded or patented pharmaceuticals, subject to certain exceptions. The specific impact remains uncertain at this time and is subject to the timing, scope and duration of any tariffs and actions imposed as well as broader tariffs and actions outside of the pharmaceutical industry.

•
The current U.S. Presidential administration has indicated that it plans to pursue additional policies aimed at lowering prescription drug costs. The administration has issued multiple executive orders and statements that illustrate the intent to require pharmaceutical manufacturers to offer U.S. prices based on most favored-nation (“MFN”) lowest prices and that direct specified agency heads to take certain actions if significant progress towards such MFN prices is not achieved. In July 2025, the President sent letters to Gilead and other pharmaceutical manufacturers outlining the steps the President believes pharmaceutical manufacturers must take to bring down the prices of prescription drugs in the U.S. to match the MFN price offered in other developed nations. The administration has announced agreements with certain manufacturers, including Gilead, around these issues and has stated that it has paused the implementation of tariffs on pharmaceuticals to allow for negotiation of agreements with additional manufacturers. In December 2025, Gilead reached an agreement with the administration to (1) pause the imposition of Section 232 tariffs on Gilead for three years, (2) implement MFN prices in Medicaid for select existing and future launched products, (3) set a new direct-to-patient price for Epclusa and (4) return a portion of increased international revenues to the U.S. if the U.S. government is successful in increasing drug prices abroad. In addition, the administration announced several demonstration projects that would implement MFN pricing for certain Medicare Part B and Part D drugs through manufacturer inflation rebates based on utilization. The administration also recently called on Congress to enact legislation codifying the administration’s MFN deals, which are in part being effectuated under the GENErating cost Reductions fOr U.S. Medicaid (GENEROUS) Model. The specifics of these proposals and policies are evolving, and as a result, there is uncertainty as to how these and other potential legal and regulatory changes may impact our business.

•
Actions by the current U.S. Presidential administration to reorganize federal health agencies or reduce or pause funding for domestic and international HIV treatment and prevention programs and grants, such as the U.S. President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) grants for HIV prevention, may adversely impact our business. Some of these initiatives may be subject to litigation or other challenge, increasing the uncertainty of their effects on our business.

A substantial portion of our product sales is subject to significant discounts from list price, including rebates that we may be required to pay state Medicaid agencies and discounts provided to covered entities under 340B. Changes to the 340B program or the Medicaid program at the federal or state level could have a material adverse effect on our business. For example, changes to the calculation of rebates under the Medicaid program could substantially increase our Medicaid rebate obligations and decrease the prices we charge 340B-covered entities. In addition, the continued growth of the 340B program has had the unintended consequence of an increasingly out of scope percentage of sales at deeply discounted 340B prices due, in part, to pervasive violations of the program’s diversion and duplicate discount prohibitions. Detecting and remedying these program integrity violations is challenging.

20

In March 2022, we implemented a contract pharmacy integrity initiative for our branded hepatitis C virus (“HCV”) products. This integrity initiative does not involve any products from Asegua Therapeutics LLC. Our integrity initiative requires covered entities that enter into 340B bill to/ship to arrangements with contract pharmacies for our branded HCV products to provide claims level data for units dispensed from such contract pharmacies; covered entities without an in-house pharmacy that choose not to participate in the initiative can designate a single contract pharmacy for shipment. Certain manufacturers that have implemented other contract pharmacy integrity programs have received enforcement letters from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) asserting that those programs violate the 340B statute, have been referred to the HHS Office of Inspector General for assessment of civil monetary penalties, and have been subject to administrative dispute resolution proceedings brought on behalf of covered entities. Some of these manufacturers are challenging HHS’s position in litigation. The U.S. Courts of Appeals for the Third Circuit and the District of Columbia Circuit have held that HHS’s enforcement actions are unlawful, and a decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit is pending. A growing number of states have also enacted laws requiring manufacturers to provide 340B pricing through contract pharmacy arrangements, and additional states may adopt similar laws; we believe these laws, which are being challenged in ongoing litigation, are invalid but we have carved out covered entities in certain states from our integrity initiative while litigation challenging these laws proceeds. We also believe that our integrity initiative complies with the requirements of the 340B statute. However, additional legal or legislative developments with respect to the 340B program, including potential litigation with HHS or other stakeholders, may negatively impact our ability to implement or continue our integrity initiative. 

In addition, standard reimbursement structures do not always adequately reimburse for innovative therapies. For example, CMS established a severity-adjusted diagnosis-related group (“DRG”) 018 for Medicare inpatient reimbursement of CAR T-cell products such as Yescarta and Tecartus. While the DRG has a significantly higher base payment amount than the prior DRG 016, the payment available may not be sufficient to reimburse some hospitals for their cost of care for patients receiving Yescarta and Tecartus. When reimbursement is not aligned well to account for treatment costs, Medicare beneficiaries may be denied access as this misalignment could impact the willingness of some hospitals to offer the therapy and of doctors to recommend the therapy. Additionally, in the EU, there are barriers to reimbursement in individual countries that could limit the uptake of Yescarta and Tecartus.

Moreover, we estimate the rebates we will be required to pay in connection with sales during a particular quarter based on claims data from prior quarters. In the U.S., actual rebate claims are typically made by payers one to three quarters in arrears. Actual claims and payments may vary significantly from our estimates.

We may experience adverse impacts resulting from the importation of our products from lower price markets or the distribution of illegally diverted or counterfeit versions of our products.

Prices for our products are based on local market economics and competition and sometimes differ from country to country. Our sales in countries with relatively higher prices may be reduced if products can be imported and resold into those countries from lower price markets. For example, in January 2024, FDA authorized Florida’s proposed program to import prescription drugs from Canada, and U.S. sales may be adversely affected if Florida meets the additional requirements set by FDA in its authorization. We have entered into agreements with generic drug manufacturers as well as licensing agreements with the Medicines Patent Pool, a United Nations-backed public health organization, which allow generic drug manufacturers to manufacture generic versions of certain of our products for distribution in certain low- and middle-income countries. We may be adversely affected if any generic versions of our products, whether or not produced and/or distributed under these agreements, are exported to the U.S., the EU or markets with higher prices. 

In the EU, we are required to permit products purchased in one EU member state to be sold in another member state. Purchases of our products in member states where our selling prices are relatively low for resale in member states in which our selling prices are relatively high can affect the inventory level held by our wholesalers and can cause the relative sales levels in the various countries to fluctuate from quarter to quarter and not reflect the actual consumer demand in any given quarter. 

Additionally, diverted products may be used in countries where they have not been approved and patients may source the diverted products outside the legitimate supply chain. These diverted products may be handled, shipped and stored inappropriately, which may affect the quality and/or efficacy of the products and could harm patients and adversely impact us.

We are also aware of the existence of various suppliers around the world that, without Gilead’s authorization, purport to source our products and generic versions of our products and sell them for use in countries where those products have not been approved. As a result, patients may be at risk of taking unapproved medications that may not be what they purport to be, may not have the potency they claim to have or may contain harmful substances, which could harm patients and adversely impact us. 

Further, third parties have illegally distributed and sold, and may continue to illegally distribute and sell, illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of our medicines, which do not meet the rigorous quality standards of our manufacturing and supply chain. For example, as part of a U.S. civil enforcement lawsuit, we seized thousands of bottles of Gilead-labeled medication with counterfeit supply chain documentation. Our investigation revealed that unauthorized pharmaceutical distributors sold counterfeit Gilead medicine to independent pharmacies nationwide.

21

Illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of Gilead-branded medicines exist and may pose a serious risk to patient health and safety. Our actions to stop or prevent the distribution and sale of illegally diverted and counterfeit versions of our medicines around the world may be costly and unsuccessful, which may adversely affect patients and our reputation and business, including our product revenues and financial results.

Product Development and Supply Chain Risks

We face risks in our clinical trials, including the potential for unfavorable results, delays in anticipated timelines and disruption.

We are required to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of product candidates that we develop for each intended use through extensive preclinical studies and clinical trials. The results from these studies do not always accurately predict results in later, large-scale clinical trials. Even successfully completed large-scale clinical trials may not result in marketable products.

We face numerous risks and uncertainties with our clinical trials that could result in delays or prevent completion of the development and approval of our product candidates, including challenges in clinical trial protocol design, our ability to enroll patients in clinical trials, the possibility of unfavorable or inadequate trial results to support further development of our product candidates, including failure to meet a trial’s primary endpoint, safety issues arising from our clinical trials, and the need to modify or delay our clinical trials or to perform additional trials. For example, in January 2024, we announced that our Phase 3 EVOKE-01 study evaluating sacituzumab govitecan-hziy (“SG”) did not meet its primary endpoint of overall survival in previously treated metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”), which resulted in us recording an impairment charge during the three months ended March 31, 2024 (for more information, see Note 8. Goodwill and Intangible Assets of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). In November 2025, we also announced that our Phase 3 ASCENT-07 study evaluating SG as a first-line treatment post-endocrine therapy in hormone receptor-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2-negative (“HR+/HER2-”) metastatic breast cancer patients did not meet the primary endpoint of progression-free survival. While this information did not result in an impairment of the associated finite-lived intangible asset related to Trodelvy, potential future adverse changes in estimated Trodelvy revenues could negatively impact our results of operations and result in impairment charges in future periods.

As a result, we may be unable to successfully complete our clinical trials on our anticipated timelines, or at all. Based on trial results, it is possible that FDA and other regulatory authorities do not approve our product candidates, or that any market approvals include significant limitations on the products’ use. Additionally, products and indications approved under accelerated approval pathways may be subject to withdrawal where confirmatory studies are unsuccessful. In addition, clinical trials involving our commercial products can raise new safety issues for our existing products, which could adversely impact our business. Further, we have in the past and we may in the future make a strategic decision to discontinue development of our product candidates, including but not limited to situations where we believe commercialization will be difficult relative to other opportunities in our pipeline. Therefore, our product candidates may never be successfully commercialized, and we may be unable to recoup the significant R&D, clinical trial, acquisition-related and other expenses incurred. We expect to spend significant time and resources on our clinical trial activities without any assurance that we will recoup our investments or that our efforts will be commercially successful. 

There are also risks associated with the use of third parties in our clinical trial activities. We extensively outsource our clinical trial activities and usually perform only a small portion of the start-up activities in-house. We rely on third-party contract research organizations (“CROs”) to perform most of our clinical studies, including document preparation, site identification, screening and preparation, pre-study visits, training, program management, patient enrollment, ongoing monitoring, site management and bioanalysis. Many important aspects of the services performed for us by the CROs are not within our direct control. If there is any dispute or disruption in our relationships with our CROs, including as a result of legislative or regulatory actions (such as the recently enacted BIOSECURE Act in the U.S.), our clinical trials and regulatory submissions may be delayed and our costs may increase. Moreover, in our regulatory submissions, we rely on the quality and validity of the clinical work performed by our CROs and investigators at the clinical trial sites. If any of their processes, methodologies or results were determined to be invalid, inadequate or in violation of Good Clinical Practices and related regulations, our own clinical data and results and related regulatory approvals may be adversely affected.

We may not be able to obtain materials or supplies necessary to conduct clinical trials or to manufacture and sell our products, or we may face manufacturing difficulties, delays or interruptions, including at our third-party manufacturers and corporate partners, which could limit our ability to generate revenues.

We need access to certain materials and supplies to conduct our clinical trials and to manufacture and sell our products. If we are unable to purchase enough of these materials and supplies or find suitable alternatives in a timely manner, our development efforts for our product candidates may be delayed or our ability to manufacture and sell our products could be limited. 

22

Suppliers of key components and materials must be named in the new drug/biologics application or marketing authorization application filed with the regulatory authority for any product candidate for which we are seeking marketing approval, and significant delays can occur if the qualification of a new supplier is required. Our products, which are manufactured and tested at our own facilities or by third-party contract manufacturing organizations (“CMOs”), third-party contract testing laboratories (“CTLs”) and corporate partners, are the result of complex, highly regulated manufacturing processes. We depend on CMOs, CTLs and corporate partners to perform manufacturing and testing activities effectively and on a timely basis for the majority of our active pharmaceutical ingredients and drug products. These third parties are independent entities subject to their own unique operational and financial risks that are out of our control. Some of our products and the materials that we utilize in our operations are manufactured and/or tested by only one supplier or at only one facility, which we may not be able to replace in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We and our CMOs, CTLs and corporate partners are subject to current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”), which are extensive regulations governing manufacturing processes, release and stability testing, recordkeeping and quality standards as defined by FDA and European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), as well as comparable regulations in other jurisdictions. Manufacturing operations are also subject to routine inspections by regulatory agencies. Even after a supplier is qualified by the regulatory authority, the supplier must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain full compliance with cGMP. If, as a result of these inspections, a regulatory authority determines that the equipment, facilities, laboratories or processes do not comply with applicable regulations and conditions of product approval, the regulatory authority may suspend the manufacturing operations. There can be no assurance that we or our CMOs, CTLs or other corporate partners will be able to remedy any deficiencies cited by FDA or other regulatory agencies in their inspections. Further, there is risk that regulatory agencies in other countries where marketing applications are pending will undertake similar additional reviews or apply a heightened standard of review, which could delay the regulatory approvals for products in those countries. 

A significant portion of the raw materials and intermediates in the manufacturing of our products and product candidates are supplied by third-party suppliers, manufacturers and corporate partners outside of the U.S. As a result, any geopolitical or economic factors in a specific country or region, including any new, or changes in or interpretations of existing law, trade regulations, or compliance requirements (such as the recently enacted BIOSECURE Act) or tax that would limit or prevent third parties outside of the U.S. from supplying these materials could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and supply our products to meet market needs and have a material and adverse effect on our operating results. Such factors may also negatively impact our ability to supply our clinical trials and commercial product, which may result in the delay of our clinical trials and regulatory submissions, and could lead to regulatory delays, increased costs, and/or lost revenue.

Any adverse developments affecting or resulting from any single entity within our manufacturing operations or the operations of our CMOs, CTLs and corporate partners can result in shipment delays, inventory shortages, lot failures, product withdrawals or recalls or other interruptions in the development and commercial supply of our products, which may result in us not being able to generate sufficient quantities of clinical or commercial product to meet market demand and may cause delays in our clinical trials and applications for regulatory approval. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, inventory write-off charges and other expenses for products that fail to meet specifications and quality standards as well as changes we may adopt in our manufacturing strategy, and we may need to undertake costly remediation efforts or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. Such developments could increase our manufacturing costs, cause us to lose revenues or market share and damage our reputation. Our business may be adversely affected if approval of any of our product candidates were delayed or if production of our products were interrupted.

Regulatory and Other Legal Risks

Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations. Failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance, including if significant safety issues arise for our marketed products or our product candidates, could delay or halt commercialization of our products.

The products we develop must be approved for marketing and sale by regulatory authorities and, once approved, are subject to extensive regulation by FDA, EMA and comparable regulatory agencies in other countries. We have filed, and anticipate that we will continue to file, for marketing approval in additional countries and for additional indications and products. These and any future marketing applications we file may not be approved by the regulatory authorities on a timely basis, or at all, and changes or disruptions at FDA or other regulatory agencies, including as a result of budget cuts and employee layoffs, could impair the ability of these agencies to timely review and process our applications. Even if marketing approval is granted for our product candidates, there may be significant limitations on their use. We cannot state with certainty when or whether any of our product candidates under development will be approved or launched; whether we will be able to develop, license or acquire additional product candidates or products; or whether any products, once launched, will be commercially successful. 

23

Further, how we manufacture and sell our products is subject to extensive regulation and review. For example, under FDA rules, we are often required to conduct post-approval clinical studies to assess a known serious risk, signals of serious risk or to identify an unexpected serious risk. In certain circumstances, we may be required to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program for our products, which could include a medication guide, patient package insert, a communication plan to healthcare providers, restrictions on distribution or use of a product and other elements FDA deems necessary to assure safe use of the drug. Discovery of previously unknown problems with our marketed products or product candidates, including serious safety, resistance or drug interaction issues, or problems with our manufacturing, safety reporting or promotional activities, may result in regulatory approvals being delayed, denied or granted with significant restrictions on our products, including limitations on or the withdrawal of the products from the market.

As additional studies are conducted after obtaining marketing approval for our products, and as our products are used over longer periods of time by many patients, including patients with underlying health problems or those taking other medicines, we expect to continue finding new issues related to safety, resistance or drug interactions. Any such issues may require changes to our product labels, such as additional warnings, contraindications or even narrowed indications, or the halt of product sales.

Regulatory authorities have been moving towards more active and transparent pharmacovigilance and are making greater amounts of stand-alone safety information and clinical trial data directly available to the public through websites and other means, such as periodic safety update report summaries, risk management plan summaries and various adverse event data. Safety information, without the appropriate context and expertise, may be misinterpreted and lead to misperception or legal action.

Failure to comply with these or other requirements imposed by FDA could result in significant civil monetary penalties, fines, suspensions of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products and criminal prosecutions.

We are impacted by evolving laws, regulations and legislative or regulatory actions applicable to the healthcare industry. 

The healthcare industry is subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations pertaining to drug approval, manufacturing, reimbursement, rebates, price reporting, healthcare fraud and abuse, and data privacy and security. In the U.S., these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, laws and regulations relating to the Medicare and Medicaid programs and other federal and state programs, such as the Medicaid Rebate Statute and the 340B statute, laws that regulate written and verbal communications about our products, individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and other federal and state laws relating to the privacy and security of health information, including the Department of Justice Final Rule on Preventing Access to U.S. Sensitive Personal Data and Government-Related Data by Countries of Concern or Covered Persons, which impacts how and where clinical and other sensitive data is shared. Actual or alleged violations of these laws or any related regulations may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, civil monetary penalties, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, including Medicare, Medicaid and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and U.S. Department of Defense health programs, actions against executives overseeing our business and significant remediation measures, negative publicity or other consequences. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to changing and evolving interpretations, including as a result of legal challenges, which may increase following the U.S. Supreme Court decision to overrule the 
Chevron
 doctrine, any of which could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance, alter one or more of our sales or marketing practices, adversely affect health insurance reimbursement of our products, or impact our ability to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals. The resulting impact on our business is uncertain and could be material. We may also become subject to new laws and regulations. For example, recently enacted and proposed legislation in the U.S., such as the BIOSECURE Act (which, among other things, prohibits U.S. executive agencies from contracting with, or expending loans or granting funds to, companies that use biotechnology equipment or services for certain activities from certain foreign-owned entities) and the ABC Safe Drug Act (which, among other things, could prohibit U.S. federal health care programs from purchasing drugs and drug ingredients manufactured in China), has the potential to adversely impact our ability to receive goods or services from such entities, including certain of which we use in connection with our clinical trials and our clinical and commercial manufacturing, which could increase the cost or limit the supply of material available to us, delay the procurement or supply of such material, delay or impact clinical trials and regulatory submissions, delay the launch of commercial products and adversely affect our financial condition and business prospects. In January 2026, the European Medicines Agency and FDA jointly established new artificial intelligence (“AI”) principles in drug development that provide broad guidance on AI use in evidence generation and monitoring across all phases of a medicine’s lifecycle - from early research and clinical trials to manufacturing and drug safety. These AI principles may lead to future regulatory guidance and requirements in various jurisdictions, which could affect the use of AI in our business.

In addition, government price reporting and payment regulations are complex, and we are continually assessing the methods by which we calculate and report pricing in accordance with these obligations. Our methodologies for calculations are inherently subject to assumptions and may be subject to review and challenge by various government agencies, which may disagree with our interpretation. If the government disagrees with our reported calculations, we may need to restate previously reported data and could be subject to additional financial and legal liability.

24

There also continues to be enhanced scrutiny of company-sponsored patient assistance programs, including co-pay assistance programs and manufacturer donations to third-party charities that provide such assistance. There has also been enhanced scrutiny by governments on reimbursement support offerings and other patient support offerings, clinical education programs and promotional speaker programs. Despite our training and compliance program, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from unlawful acts committed by our employees or agents. If we, or our agents and vendors, are deemed to have failed to comply with laws, regulations or government guidance in any of these areas, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. Any similar violations by our competitors could also negatively impact our industry’s reputation and increase scrutiny over our business and our products.

For a description of our government investigations and related litigation, see Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain and defend our patents and other intellectual property rights both domestically and internationally, and to operate without infringing upon the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties.

Patents and other proprietary rights are very important to our business. As part of our business strategy, we actively seek patent protection both in the U.S. and internationally covering our compounds, products and technology. Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain patents and licenses to patent rights, enforce our patents and defend against infringement of our patents and efforts to invalidate them, operate without infringing on the intellectual property of others, and preserve trade secrets and internal know-how.

Our pending patent applications and the patent applications filed by our collaborative partners may not be able to prevent third parties from developing compounds or products that are closely related to those which we have developed or are developing. In addition, certain countries do not provide effective mechanisms for enforcement of our patents, and third-party manufacturers may be able to sell generic versions of our products in those countries. Because patent applications are confidential for a period of time after filing, we may not know if our competitors have filed applications for technology covered by our pending applications or if we were the first to file an application directed toward the technology that is the subject of our patent applications. If competitors file patent applications covering our technology, we may have to participate in litigation, post-grant proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or other proceedings to determine the right to a patent or validity of any patent granted. Such litigation and proceedings are unpredictable and expensive, and could divert management attention from other operations, such that, even if we are ultimately successful, we may be adversely impacted.

Patents covering our existing compounds, products and technology, and those that we will likely file in the future, may not provide complete or adequate protection. Filing patent applications is a fact-intensive and complex process. We may file patent applications that ultimately do not result in patents or have patents that do not provide adequate protection for the related product. Patent term extensions may be available for products we are developing, but we cannot be certain we will obtain them. Future litigation or other proceedings regarding the enforcement or validity of our existing patents or any future patents could result in the invalidation of our patents or substantially reduce their protection. In addition, we may face criticism as a result of our legitimate use of the patent systems to protect our investments in new and useful innovations in medicine. Further, incentives and exclusivities relating to our products and product candidates may change in the future. We are aware that several countries are considering changes to support sharing how to make and use new inventions that could impact the current patent systems and protections for innovation. Any such changes could also impact the voluntary licensing patent programs that we establish for our products to support access to medicines.

Generic manufacturers have sought, and may continue to seek, FDA approval to market generic versions of our products through an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”), the application process typically used by manufacturers seeking approval of a generic drug. For a description of our ANDA litigation, see Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ANDA litigation and related settlement and license agreements, in some cases, may result in a loss of exclusivity for our patents sooner than we would otherwise expect. In addition, loss of exclusivity may be earlier than expected under these settlement and license agreements under certain circumstances. For example, settlement and license agreements with generic manufacturers typically include acceleration clauses that permit generic entry before the agreed-upon entry date in certain circumstances, and generic manufacturers may continue to challenge the patents protecting our products. The entry of generic versions of our products has, and may in the future, lead to market share and price erosion.

If we are found to infringe the valid patents of third parties, we may be required to pay significant monetary damages or we may be prevented from commercializing products or may be required to obtain licenses from these third parties. We may not be able to obtain alternative technologies or any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we fail to obtain these licenses or alternative technologies, we may be unable to develop or commercialize some or all of our products. For example, we are aware of patents and patent applications owned by other parties that such parties may claim to cover the use of our products and research activities. For a description of our pending patent litigation, see Note 12. Commitments and 

25

Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Furthermore, we also rely on unpatented trade secrets and improvements, unpatented internal know-how and technological innovation. We protect these rights mainly through confidentiality agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants and vendors. We cannot be certain that these parties will comply with these confidentiality agreements, that we have adequate remedies for any breach or that our trade secrets, internal know-how or technological innovation will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. Under some of our R&D agreements, inventions become jointly owned by us and our corporate partner and in other cases become the exclusive property of one party. In certain circumstances, it can be difficult to determine who owns a particular invention and disputes could arise regarding those inventions. We could be adversely affected if our trade secrets, internal know-how, technological innovation or confidential information became known or independently discovered by competitors or if we enter into disputes over ownership of inventions. 

We face potentially significant liability and increased expenses from litigation and government investigations relating to our products and operations.

We are involved in a number of litigation, investigation and other dispute-related matters that require us to expend substantial internal and financial resources. From time to time, these matters require us to pay significant monetary amounts, including royalty payments for past and future sales. We expect these matters will continue to require a high level of internal and financial resources for the foreseeable future. These matters have reduced, and are expected to continue to reduce, our earnings and require significant management attention. 

In addition, the testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of our commercial products, as well as product candidates in development, involve substantial risk of product liability claims. These claims may be made directly by consumers, healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies or others. We have limited insurance for product liabilities that may arise and claims may exceed our coverage.

For a description of our litigation, investigation and other dispute-related matters, see Note 12. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The outcome of such legal proceedings or any other legal proceedings that may be brought against us, the investigations or any other investigations that may be initiated and any other dispute-related matters, are inherently uncertain, and adverse developments or outcomes can result in significant expenses, monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against us.

Operational Risks

Our business has been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases.

Actual or threatened outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic or contagious diseases, or other public health emergencies, may significantly disrupt our global operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As seen during the COVID-19 pandemic, outbreaks can result in global supply chain and logistics disruptions and distribution constraints. The impact of an outbreak or other public health crisis on our results of operations and financial condition would depend on numerous evolving factors, but could involve higher operating expenses, lower demand for our products as a result of governmental, business and individuals’ actions taken in response to such an event (including quarantines, travel restrictions and interruptions to healthcare services, which can impact enrollment in or operation of our clinical trials or limit patients’ ability or willingness to access and seek care), challenges associated with the safety of our employees and safe occupancy of our job sites, and financial market volatility and significant macroeconomic uncertainty in global markets. An outbreak or public health emergency also could amplify many of the other risks described throughout the “Risk Factors” section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We face risks associated with our global operations.

Our global operations are accompanied by certain financial, political, economic and other risks, including those listed below:

•
Foreign Currency Exchange: Because a significant percentage of our product sales is denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. Overall, we are a net receiver of foreign currencies, and therefore, we benefit from a weaker U.S. dollar and are adversely affected by a stronger U.S. dollar. Our hedging program does not eliminate our exposure to currency fluctuations. We may be adversely impacted if the U.S. dollar appreciates significantly against certain currencies and our hedging program does not sufficiently offset the effects of such appreciation. For example, see “Foreign Currency Exchange Impact” in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of our exposure to movements in 

26

foreign currency exchange rates, primarily in the Euro, and the impacts from foreign currency exchange, net of hedges, for the year ended December 31, 2025.

•
Interest Rates and Inflation: We have interest-generating assets and interest-bearing liabilities, including our senior unsecured notes and credit facilities. Fluctuations in interest rates could expose us to increased financial risk. In addition, high inflation, such as what we have seen in recent years, has adversely impacted and may in the future adversely impact our business and financial results.

•
Anti-Bribery: We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws that govern our international operations with respect to payments to government officials. Our international operations are heavily regulated and require significant interaction with foreign officials. We operate in parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree. In certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices or may require us to interact with doctors and hospitals, some of which may be state-controlled, in a manner that is different than local custom. It is possible that certain of our practices may be challenged under these laws. In addition, our internal control policies and procedures may not protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees and agents. Enforcement activities under anti-bribery laws could subject us to administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could result in civil and criminal sanctions, including monetary penalties and exclusion from healthcare programs.

Other risks inherent in conducting a global business include:

•
Restrictive government actions against our intellectual property and other assets such as nationalization, expropriation, the imposition of compulsory licenses or similar actions, including waiver of intellectual property protections.

•
Changes in trade policies by the U.S. or foreign governments, which may result in protectionist measures, such as new or increased sanctions, tariffs (such as the country-specific tariffs and related retaliatory actions implemented by the U.S. and other countries), embargoes, import and export licensing requirements or other trade restrictions, or the threat of such restrictions.

•
Political instability or disruption in a geographic region where we operate, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, social unrest and political changes, including in China, Russia, Ukraine, Israel and surrounding areas. 

•
Increasing use of social media platforms and modern technologies present new risks and challenges, and inappropriate or unauthorized use of these platforms can result in exposure of sensitive data or information and damage our brand and reputation.

Climate change and related natural disasters, as well as legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change, can negatively affect our business and operations.

Many of our operations and facilities, including those essential to our manufacturing, R&D and commercialization/distribution activities, are located in regions subject to natural or man-made disasters, such as climate change, earthquakes, hurricanes, rising sea levels and flooding, fires, extreme heat, drought or other extreme weather conditions, or efforts taken by third parties to prevent or mitigate such disasters, such as public safety power shutoffs and facility shutdowns. The severity and frequency of weather-related events has been amplified, and is expected to continue to be amplified, by climate change. Such natural disasters have caused, and in the future may cause, damage to and/or disrupt our operations, which may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Additionally, our corporate headquarters in Foster City and certain R&D and manufacturing facilities are located in California, a region that is seismically active and prone to wildfires. Our business continuity plans and contingencies, including periodic assessments of our natural disaster risk as part of our overall enterprise risk management program, may be insufficient, and a major earthquake or other natural disaster can result in significant recovery time and a prolonged interruption to our operational and business activities. We may be required to incur significant costs to remedy the effects of such natural disasters and to resume or restore our operations, which could adversely impact us. 

In addition, laws and regulations relating to climate change continue to evolve and may impose new or modified requirements on our operations. These requirements, which can differ across jurisdictions, subject us to many transition risks, including, for example, new or expanded carbon pricing or taxes, increased compliance costs, restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions, investment in new technologies, increased sustainability disclosures and transparency, investments in data gathering and reporting systems, upgrades of facilities to meet new building codes and the redesign of utility systems, which could increase the company’s operating costs, including the cost of electricity and energy. For example, many nations, particularly in the EU, have communicated plans to decarbonize their healthcare systems and achieve net zero emissions by 2050, which may require us to incur material costs in order to do so. Failure to sufficiently decarbonize or comply with climate-related requirements may impede our ability to operate in certain geographies and negatively affect our business. Regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the U.S., are evolving, including the international alignment of such efforts, and we cannot determine what final regulations will be enacted, modified or reversed or what their ultimate impact on our business will be. 

27

Our suppliers and third-party manufacturers and corporate partners similarly face these risks that could have an adverse effect on our business, and any disruption to their operations could have an adverse effect on our manufacturing and supply chain.

Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to corporate responsibility matters expose us to numerous risks, including risks to our reputation and stock price.

We are subject to evolving and sometimes conflicting investor and other stakeholder expectations concerning corporate responsibility matters, such as environmental sustainability and climate change and related targets or performance. These expectations and standards are varied and evolving, and may be inconsistent with our current practices. It is not possible for our practices to satisfy all investors and stakeholders, and our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquiror could be negatively impacted. For example, we face public attention and scrutiny regarding global patient access to our medicines, which may negatively impact our corporate reputation. Similarly, our pursuit of certain corporate responsibility practices, as well as our failure or perceived failure to pursue or fulfill our goals, targets and objectives, or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could also similarly adversely impact us and expose us to government enforcement actions, stakeholder criticism or negative campaigns, and private litigation.

We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business.

We rely on a number of collaborative relationships with third parties for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. In some countries, we rely on international distributors for sales of certain of our products. Some of these relationships also involve the clinical development of these products by our partners. Reliance on collaborative relationships poses a number of risks, including the risk that:

•
we are unable to control the resources our corporate partners devote to our programs or products;

•
disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of rights to technology developed with our corporate partners;

•
disagreements with our corporate partners could cause delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of product candidates or result in litigation or arbitration;

•
contracts with our corporate partners may fail to provide significant protection or may fail to be effectively enforced if one of these partners fails to perform;

•
our corporate partners have considerable discretion in electing whether to pursue the development of any additional products and may pursue alternative technologies or products either on their own or in collaboration with our competitors;

•
our corporate partners with marketing rights may choose to pursue competing technologies or to devote fewer resources to the marketing of our products than they do to products of their own development; and

•
our distributors and our corporate partners may be unable to pay us.

Given these risks, there is a great deal of uncertainty regarding the success of our current and future collaborative efforts. If these efforts fail, our product development or commercialization of new products could be delayed or revenues from products could decline.

Due to the specialized and technical nature of our business, the failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely impact us.

Our future success will depend in large part on our continued ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical testing, governmental regulation and commercialization. Our ability to do so also depends in part on how well we maintain a strong workplace culture that is attractive to employees. In addition, competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense, and there is a limited pool of qualified potential employees to recruit. We face competition for personnel from other companies, universities, public and private research institutions, government entities and other organizations. Furthermore, changes to immigration and work authorization laws and regulations could make it more difficult for employees to work in or transfer to one of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Additionally, we periodically make adjustments, including to the size and composition of our workforce, to reflect our personnel needs in response to changing macroeconomic conditions, market opportunities, management changes, acquisitions, cost levels and other internal and external considerations, which may adversely impact our workplace culture and ability to retain and incentivize employees.

28

Information system service interruptions or breaches, including significant cybersecurity incidents, could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws and adversely affect our business and operations.

We are dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data. For example, our Kite Konnect platform is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody for our cell therapies. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, including those caused by failures during system upgrades or implementations, user error, network or hardware failure, malicious intrusion and ransomware attack. Likewise, data privacy or cybersecurity incidents or breaches by employees or others, including the unauthorized use of AI tools, can result in the exposure of or misuse of sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers or other business partners to unauthorized persons or to the public. Additionally, businesses which we have acquired, or may in the future acquire, may have undiscovered vulnerabilities in their information technology systems, which could increase our risk of cybersecurity incidents. If our information systems or third-party information systems on which we rely suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown, including during upgrades or new implementations, and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments.

Cybersecurity attacks and incidents are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity. Malicious actors seek to steal money, gain unauthorized access to, destroy or manipulate data, and disrupt operations, and some of their attacks may not be recognized or discovered until after a significant period of time well after initial entry into the environment, such as novel or zero-day attacks that are launched before patches are available and defenses can be readied. Malicious actors are also increasingly developing methods to avoid prevention, detection and alerting capabilities, including employing counter-forensic tactics making response activities more difficult. Such attacks and incidents include, for example, the deployment of harmful malware, exploitation of vulnerabilities, computer viruses, key loggers, ransomware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and operations and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Recent developments in the threat landscape include the use of increasingly sophisticated and evolving AI and machine learning tools. Our business and technology partners face similar risks, and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture.

Like many companies, we have experienced and expect to continue to be the target of cybersecurity incidents, including data breaches and temporary service interruptions. When cybersecurity incidents occur, our policy is to respond and address them in accordance with applicable governmental regulations and other legal requirements, including our cybersecurity protocols. There can be no assurance that our efforts in response to cybersecurity incidents, as well as our investments to protect our information technology infrastructure and data, will shield us from significant losses, brand and reputational harm and potential liability or prevent any future interruption or breach of our systems. Additionally, it may take considerable time for us to investigate and evaluate the full impact of cybersecurity incidents, particularly for sophisticated attacks, which may inhibit our ability to provide prompt, full and reliable information about cybersecurity incidents to our customers, regulators and the public. Such cybersecurity incidents can cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information, and could give rise to legal liability and regulatory action under data protection and privacy laws. Financial, legal, business, or reputational losses may result from a cybersecurity incident or breach of our information technology systems. 

Regulators globally are also imposing data privacy and security requirements, such as EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other domestic data privacy and security laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act. These and other similar types of laws and regulations that have been or may be passed often include requirements with respect to personal information, and non-compliance with such laws may result in liability through private actions (subject to statutorily defined damages in the event of certain data breaches) and government enforcement. Other changes or new laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal information could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate.

Strategic and Financial Risks

We are subject to risks associated with engaging in business acquisitions, licensing arrangements, collaborations, options, equity investments, asset divestitures and other strategic transactions.

We have engaged in, and may in the future engage in, such transactions as part of our business strategy. We may not identify suitable transactions in the future and, if we do, we may not complete such transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, including the possibility that a governmental entity or regulatory body may delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction. If we are successful in making an acquisition or closing a licensing arrangement or collaboration, the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than anticipated. As required by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, we conduct annual impairment testing of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible 

29

assets in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the assets are impaired. We have in the past and may in the future need to recognize impairment charges related to the products, intellectual property and technologies that are acquired or licensed as a result of such testing. For option structured deals, there is no assurance that we will elect to exercise our option right, and it is possible that disagreements, uncertainties or other circumstances may arise, including with respect to whether our option rights have been appropriately triggered, which may hinder our ability to realize the expected benefits. For equity investments in our strategic partners, such as in connection with our collaborations with Arcus Biosciences, Inc., Galapagos NV and Arcellx, Inc., the value of our equity investments may fluctuate and decline in value. If we are not successful in the execution or implementation of these transactions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected, and our stock price could decline.

We have paid substantial amounts of cash and incurred additional debt to finance our strategic transactions. Additional indebtedness and a lower cash balance could result in a downgrade of our credit ratings, limit our ability to borrow additional funds or refinance existing debt on favorable terms, increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions, and reduce our financial flexibility to continue with our capital investments, stock repurchases and dividend payments. We may be adversely impacted by any failure to overcome these additional risks.

Our U.S. manufacturing and R&D investments may not achieve their intended benefits and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.

We are undertaking significant multi‑year capital investments to expand our U.S. manufacturing capabilities and accelerate R&D, including our initiative to invest $32 billion in the U.S. through 2030. These investments are subject to numerous risks, including construction and commissioning delays, cost inflation, supply chain constraints, contractor performance, permitting and zoning challenges and the availability of skilled labor, and we may not complete our announced investments on a timely basis or at all. New or expanded facilities must meet cGMP and other regulatory requirements, are subject to FDA and other inspections, process validation and qualification, and their construction depends on third-party suppliers and partners whose performance we do not control. Any failure, delay, observation or remediation requirement could defer or limit production, increase costs or result in enforcement actions or other liabilities. We may not realize anticipated economic, employment, productivity, scale or innovation benefits, anticipated cost savings or future growth, and our reputation may be damaged, if these projects are delayed or unable to be completed in a cost-effective manner. This could also lead to underutilized assets, inventory write‑offs or asset impairments. Changes in laws or policies, including drug pricing reform, tax credits and incentives, environmental, health and safety standards, or tariff, trade and sourcing rules, could reduce expected returns on our investments or increase investment or operating costs. In addition, these initiatives require significant attention from management, capital expenditures and ongoing operating expenses and may increase variability in our margins and cash flows. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reputation.

Changes in our effective income tax rate could reduce our earnings.

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Due to economic and political conditions, various countries are actively considering and have made changes to existing tax laws, and we cannot predict the form or timing of such changes. Our effective tax rates are affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, the introduction of new taxes, and changes in tax laws, regulations, administrative practices and interpretations, including in the U.S., Germany and Ireland.

We are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and tax authorities in various foreign jurisdictions. There are differing interpretations of tax laws and regulations and, as a result, significant disputes may arise with these tax authorities, including with respect to issues of the timing and amount of deductions and allocations of income among various tax jurisdictions. We may be adversely affected by the resolution of one or more of these exposures in any reporting period.