Set forth below are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could
cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report or otherwise have a detrimental affect on the company. These risks should be considered in making any investment decisions in
Corning. Future results could be materially affected by general industry and market conditions, changes in laws or accounting rules, general economic and political conditions, including a global economic slowdown, fluctuation of interest rates or
currency exchange rates, terrorism, political unrest or international conflicts, political instability or major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. These risk factors should be considered in
addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. Additional risks not described above, or unknown to us, may also adversely affect Corning or its results. 

As a result of the current recession in the economies of the United States and many other countries and volatility and uncertainty in global capital and credit
markets, a number of the risks we normally face may increase in both our consolidated operations and at our equity method investments. These include: 

•

 Reduced consumer demand for the products our customers manufacture, notably automobiles and heavy duty trucks, LCD televisions and computer monitors which results
in lowering demand for the products we sell. 

•

 Increased price competition resulting in lower sales, profitability and cash flow. 

•

 Deterioration in the financial condition of our customers resulting in reduced sales, an inability to collect receivables, payment delays or potentially bankruptcy
or insolvency. 

•

 Increased risk of insolvency of financial institutions, which may limit Corning’s liquidity in the future or adversely affect its ability to use its revolving
credit facility, or result in losses from hedged transactions or from counterparty risk on various financial transactions. 

•

 Increased turmoil in the financial markets may limit Corning’s, its customers’ or suppliers’ ability to access the capital markets or require
limitations or terms and conditions for such access that are more restrictive and costly than in the past. 

•

 Declines in our businesses that could result in material charges for restructuring or asset impairments. 

•

 Increased risk that financial investments by our customers, suppliers or equity companies may not achieve historical levels of liquidity.

Our sales could be negatively impacted by the actions or circumstances of one or more key customers leading to the substantial
reduction in orders for our products 

Corning’s ten largest customers account for about 54% of our sales. There are two individual customers which
accounted for more than 10% of Corning’s consolidated sales in 2008. AU Optronics Corporation (AUO) and Chi Mei Optoelectronics Corporation (Chi Mei), two customers of the Display Technologies segment, accounted for 11% and 10%, respectively,
of consolidated sales in 2008. 

In addition, a relatively small number of customers accounted for a high percentage of net sales in each of our reportable
operating segments. For 2008, three customers of the Display Technologies segment accounted for 65% of total segment net sales when combined. In the Telecommunications segment, two customers accounted for 24% of segment net sales when combined. In
the Environmental Technologies segment, three customers accounted for 81% of total segment sales in aggregate. In the Specialty Materials segment, one customer accounted for 11% of segment sales in 2008. In the Life Sciences segment, one distributor
accounted for 45% of segment sales in 2008. 

Samsung Corning Precision’s sales were also concentrated in 2008, with sales to two LCD panel makers
located in South Korea accounting for approximately 94% of total Samsung Corning Precision sales. 

8 

Table of Contents

The sale of LCD glass substrates in 2008 and previous years provide no assurance that positive trends will continue. Our
customers are LCD panel and color filter makers. As they switch to larger size glass, the pace of their orders may be uneven while they adjust their manufacturing processes and facilities. Additionally, consumer preferences for panels of differing
sizes, price, or other seasonal factors, may lead to pauses in market growth from time to time. Our customers may not be able to maintain their profitability or access sufficient capital to fund routine maintenance and operations or planned
expansions, which may limit their pace of orders to us. Emerging material technologies could replace our glass substrates for certain applications resulting in a decline in demand for our LCD products. Technologies for displays in competition with
LCD panels may reduce or eliminate the need for our glass substrate. These technologies may include organic light emitting diodes and plasma display panels. New process technologies developed by our competitors may also place us at a cost or quality
disadvantage. Our inability to manufacture glass substrates in the sizes and quantities needed by our customers may result in loss of revenue, margins and profits or liabilities for failure to supply. A scarcity of resources, limitations on
technology, personnel or other factors resulting in a failure to produce commercial quantities of very large size glass substrates, particularly from new facilities being constructed at a major customer in Japan, could have adverse financial
consequences to us. 

Our Telecommunications segment customers’ purchases of our products are affected by their capital expansion plans, general market
and economic uncertainty and regulatory changes, including broadband policy. Sales in the Telecommunications segment are expected to be impacted by the pace of fiber-to-the-premises deployments by our customers such as Verizon Communications Inc.
Our sales will be dependent on planned targets for homes passed and connected. Changes in our customers’ deployment plans could adversely affect future sales in any quarter or for the full year. 

In the Environmental Technologies segment, sales of our ceramic substrate and filter products for automotive and diesel emissions and pollution control are expected to
fluctuate with vehicle production. Changes in governmental laws and regulations for air quality and emission controls may also influence future sales. Sales in our Environmental Technologies segment are mainly to three catalyzers and emission system
component manufacturers. Our customers sell these systems to automotive original equipment manufacturers and diesel engine manufacturers. Sales within this segment may be affected by adverse developments in the global vehicle or U.S. freight hauling
industries or by such factors as higher fuel prices that may affect vehicle sales or downturns in freight traffic. 

Sales in our Specialty Materials
segment track closely with the semiconductor cycle and our customers’ responses to that cycle. In 2008, one customer accounted for 11% of Specialty Materials segment sales. 

Sales in our Life Sciences segment are through two large distributors, and the remaining balance is to a variety of government entities, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, hospitals, universities and other
research facilities. In 2008, our primary distributor accounted for 45% of Life Sciences’ segment sales. Changes in our distribution arrangements in this segment may adversely affect this segment’s financial results. 

If the markets for our products do not develop and expand as we anticipate, demand for our products may decline, which would negatively impact our results of
operations and financial performance 

The markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, evolving industry or government
standards and new product introductions. Our success is expected to depend, in substantial part, on the successful introduction of new products, or upgrades of current products, and our ability to compete with new technologies. The following factors
related to our products and markets, if not achieved, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations: 

•

 our ability to introduce leading products such as glass substrates for liquid crystal displays, optical fiber and cable and hardware and equipment, and
environmental substrate and filter products at competitive prices; 

•

 our ability to manufacture adequate quantities of increasingly larger glass substrates to satisfy our customers technical requirements and our contractual
obligations; 

•

 continued strong demand for notebook computers and LCD monitors; 

•

 growth in purchases of LCD televisions to replace other technologies; 

•

 screen size of LCD televisions, which affects glass demand; 

•

 our ability to develop new products in response to government regulations and laws, particularly diesel filter products in the Environmental Technologies segment;
and 

•

 growth of the fiber-to-the-premises build-out in North America and western Europe. 

We face pricing pressures in each of our leading businesses that could adversely affect our financial performance 

We face pricing pressure in each of our leading businesses as a result of intense competition, emerging new technologies, or over-capacity. While we will work toward reducing our costs to offset pricing pressures, we may not be able to
achieve proportionate reductions in costs or to sustain our current rate of cost reduction We anticipate pricing pressures will continue into 2009 and beyond in all our businesses. 

9 

Table of Contents

We face risks related to our international operations and sales 

We have customers and significant operations, including manufacturing and sales, located outside the U.S. We have large manufacturing operations for liquid crystal
display glass substrates in Taiwan, Japan and Korea, including an equity investment in Samsung Corning Precision operating in South Korea that makes glass substrates for the Korean LCD market. All of our Display segment customers are located in the
Asia-Pacific region. As a result of these and other international operations, we face a number of risks, including: 

•

 geographical concentration of our factories and operations; 

•

 periodic health epidemic concerns; 

•

 difficulty of managing global operations; 

•

 difficulty in protecting intellectual property or sensitive commercial and operations data or information technology systems generally;

•

 tariffs, duties and other trade barriers including anti-dumping duties; 

•

 differing legal systems; 

•

 natural disasters; 

•

 potential power loss affecting glass production and equipment damage; 

•

 political and economic instability in foreign markets; and 

•

 foreign currency risk. 

Any of these items could
cause our sales or profitability to be significantly reduced. 

Additionally, a significant amount of the specialized manufacturing capacity for our Display
Technologies segment is concentrated in three overseas countries and it is reasonably possible that the use of one or more such facilities could be disrupted. Due to the specialized nature of the assets and the customers’ locations, it may not
be possible to find replacement capacity quickly or substitute production from facilities in other countries. Accordingly, loss of these facilities could produce a near-term severe impact to our display business and the Company as a whole.

We face risks due to foreign currency fluctuations 

Because we have significant customers and operations outside the U.S., fluctuations in foreign currencies, especially the Japanese yen, the New Taiwan dollar, the Korean won, and the euro, affect our sales and profit levels. Foreign
exchange rates may make our products less competitive in countries where local currencies decline in value relative to the dollar and Japanese yen. Sales in our Display Technologies segment, representing 46% of Corning’s sales in 2008, are
denominated in Japanese yen. If sales grow in our Display Technologies segment this will increase our exposure to currency fluctuations. Corning hedges significant transaction and balance sheet currency exposures and uses derivatives instruments to
limit exposure to foreign currency fluctuations associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities as well as operating results. Although we hedge these items, changes in exchange rates (especially the Japanese yen to U.S. dollar) may
significantly impact our reported revenues and profits. 

If the financial condition of our customers declines, our credit risks could increase

Although we have a rigorous process to administer credit and believe our reserve is adequate, we have experienced, and in the future may experience,
losses as a result of our inability to collect our accounts receivable. If our customers fail to meet their payment obligations to us, we could experience reduced cash flows and losses in excess of amounts reserved. Some customers of our Display
Technologies segment are thinly capitalized and/or marginally profitable. In our Environmental products segment, the U.S. auto makers and certain of their suppliers have encountered credit downgrades. These factors may result in an inability to
collect receivables or a possible loss in business. As of December 31, 2008 reserves and allowances for trade receivables totaled approximately $20 million. 

If we do not successfully adjust our manufacturing volumes and fixed cost structure, or achieve manufacturing yields or sufficient product reliability, our operating results and cash flow could suffer, and we may not achieve anticipated
profitability levels 

Investments in additional manufacturing capacity of certain businesses, including liquid crystal display glass and diesel
emission substrates and filters present challenges. We may face technical and process issues in moving to commercial production and there can be no assurance that Corning will be able to pace its capacity expansion to the actual demand. Economic
results may adversely affect our ability to complete planned capacity expansion and products. It is possible that manufacturing capacity may exceed or lag customer demand during certain periods. 

10 

Table of Contents

The manufacturing of our products involves highly complex and precise processes, requiring production in highly
controlled and dust-free environments. Changes in our manufacturing processes could significantly reduce our manufacturing yields and product reliability. In some cases, existing manufacturing may be insufficient to achieve the requirements of our
customers. We will need to develop new manufacturing processes and techniques to achieve targeted volume, pricing and cost levels that will permit profitable operations. While we continue to fund projects to improve our manufacturing techniques and
processes, we may not achieve satisfactory cost levels in our manufacturing activities that will fully satisfy our profitability targets. 

Our future
financial performance depends on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and manufacturing equipment components to meet the demands of our customers 

Our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of materials, parts and components from our suppliers. We may experience shortages that could adversely
affect our operations. Although we work closely with our suppliers to avoid shortages, there can be no assurances that we will not encounter these problems in the future. Furthermore, certain manufacturing equipment, raw materials or components are
available only from a single source or limited sources. We may not be able to find alternate sources in a timely manner. A reduction, interruption or delay of supply, or a significant increase in the price for supplies, such as manufacturing
equipment, raw materials or energy, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. 

We have incurred, and may in the future incur,
restructuring and other charges, the amounts of which are difficult to predict accurately 

We have recorded several charges for restructuring,
impairment of assets, and the write-off of cost and equity based investments in the last 3 years. As a result of the decline in the economy and its impact on Corning’s businesses, we recorded a restructuring charge of $22 million in the
Telecommunications segment in 2008 and, in January announced our plans to reduce our global workforce which will cause a restructuring charge in the range of $115 million to $165 million in the first quarter of 2009. Certain of our equity affiliates
are also considering restructuring charges. We may have additional actions which result in restructuring charges in the future. 

We have incurred, and
may in the future incur, goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges 

At December 31, 2008, Corning had goodwill and other intangible
assets of $305 million. While we believe the estimates and judgments about future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment tests are reasonable, we cannot provide assurance that future impairment charges will not be required if the expected cash
flow estimates as projected by management do not occur, especially if the current economic recession continues for a lengthy period or becomes more severe. 

If our products, including materials purchased from our suppliers experience performance issues, our business will suffer 

Our business
depends on the production of products of consistently high quality. Our products, components and materials purchased from our suppliers, are typically tested for quality. These testing procedures are limited to evaluating our products under likely
and foreseeable failure scenarios. For various reasons, our products, including materials purchased from our suppliers, may fail to perform as expected. In some cases, product redesigns or additional expense may be required to correct a defect. A
significant or systemic product failure could result in customer relations problems, lost sales, and financial damages. 

We face competition in most of
our businesses 

We expect that we will face additional competition from existing competitors, low cost manufacturers and new entrants. We must invest
in research and development, expand our engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities, and continue to improve customer service and support in order to remain competitive. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to maintain or
improve our competitive position. 

Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may have an adverse effect on our results of operations

Our effective tax rate could be adversely impacted by several factors, some of which are outside of our control, including: 

•

 changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates;

•

 changes in tax laws and the interpretation of those tax laws; 

•

 changes to our assessments about the realizability of our deferred tax assets which are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of
possible tax planning strategies, and the economic environments in which we do business; 

•

 the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations, or administrative appeals; 

•

 changes in generally accepted accounting principles that affect the accounting for taxes; and 

•

 limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions. 

11 

Table of Contents

In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination
is uncertain. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination could be materially different from our historical tax provisions
and accruals. 

Accounting and disclosure rules may affect financial results 

Generally accepted accounting principles and accompanying accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations for many areas of our business, such as revenue recognition, accounting for
investments, and accounting for stock options, are very complex and involve significant and sometimes subjective judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation could significantly impact our reported earnings and operating income and
could add significant volatility to those measures in the future, without a corresponding change in our cash flows. 

We rely on key personnel and the
loss of their services or the inability to attract and retain them may negatively affect our businesses 

Our ability to continue to attract, retain and
motivate qualified research and development, engineering and operating personnel, generally and during periods of rapid growth, especially in those of our businesses focused on new products and advanced manufacturing processes, is essential to our
business success. We also depend on the services of experienced key senior management. 

The loss of the services of any of our key research and
development, engineering or operational personnel or senior management without adequate replacement, or the inability to attract new qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. 

We are subject to strict environmental regulations and regulatory changes that could result in fines or restrictions that interrupt our operations 

Our manufacturing process generates chemical waste, waste water and other industrial waste and various green house gases at various stages in the manufacturing
process, and we are currently or may be in the future subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of such substances. We have installed various types of anti-pollution equipment for the treatment
of chemical waste and waste water at our various facilities. We have taken steps to affect the amount of greenhouse gases created by our manufacturing operations. However, we cannot provide assurance that environmental claims will not be brought
against us or that the local or national governments will not take steps toward adopting more stringent environment standards. 

Any failure on our part to
comply with any present or future environmental regulations could result in the assessment of damages or imposition of fines against us, suspension/cessation of production or operations. In addition, environmental regulations could require us to
acquire costly equipment, incur other significant compliance expenses or limit or restrict production or operations and thus materially and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in regulations and the regulatory environment in the U.S. and other countries, such as those resulting
from the regulation and impact of global warming and CO
2

 abatement, may affect our businesses and their results in adverse ways by, among other
things, substantially increasing manufacturing costs, limiting availability of scarce resources, especially energy, or requiring limitations on production and sale of our products or those of our customers. 

We may experience difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property rights and we may be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of
others 

We may encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights or obtaining rights to additional intellectual property necessary
to permit us to continue or expand our businesses. We cannot assure you that the patents that we hold or may obtain will provide meaningful protection against our competitors. Changes in law concerning intellectual property may affect our ability to
protect our intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently uncertain and the outcome is often unpredictable. Other companies hold patents on technologies used in our
industries and are aggressively seeking to expand, enforce and license their patent portfolios. 

The intellectual property rights of others could inhibit
our ability to introduce new products. We are, and may in the future be, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation that may result in loss of revenue, require us to incur substantial costs, or lead to monetary
damages or injunctive relief against us. We cannot assure you as to the outcome of any such claims. 

12 

Table of Contents

Current or future litigation may harm our financial condition or results of operations 

Pending, threatened or future litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties. Our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected by unfavorable
outcomes, expenses and costs exceeding amounts estimated or insured. In particular, we have been named as a defendant in numerous lawsuits alleging personal injury from exposure to asbestos and adverse rulings in such lawsuits or the inability to
successfully resolve such matters may adversely affect the Company. As described in Legal Proceedings, a new PCC Plan of Reorganization was filed with the Bankruptcy Court on January 29, 2009 proposing a resolution of PCC asbestos claims. It
remains reasonably possible that changes to the Amended PCC Plan may be negotiated and the elements of the plan and its approval are subject to a number of contingencies before the resolution outlined in the Plan becomes final. 

We face risks through our equity method investments in companies that we do not control 

Corning’s net income includes significant equity in earnings of associated companies. For the year ended December 31, 2008, we recognized $1.3 billion of equity earnings, of which 96% came from our two
largest investments: Dow Corning Corporation (which makes silicone products) and Samsung Corning Precision (which makes liquid crystal display glass). Samsung Corning Precision is located in the Asia-Pacific region and is subject to political and
geographic risks mentioned above, as well as business and other risks within the Display segment. Our equity investments may not continue to perform at the same levels as in recent years. In 2007, we recognized equity losses associated with Samsung
Corning Co., Ltd. (a 50% equity method investment that made glass panels and funnels for conventional televisions), which recorded fixed asset and other impairment charges. Dow Corning emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2004 and has certain
obligations under its Plan of Reorganization to resolve and fund claims of its creditors and personal injury claimants. Dow Corning may incur further bankruptcy charges in the future which may adversely affect its operations or assets. 

We may not have adequate insurance coverage for claims against us 

We face the risk of loss resulting from product liability, securities, fiduciary liability, intellectual property, antitrust, contractual, warranty, environmental, fraud and other lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. In addition,
our product liability, fiduciary, directors and officers, property, natural catastrophe and comprehensive general liability insurance may not be adequate to cover such claims or may not be available to the extent we expect. Our insurance costs can
be volatile and, at any time, can increase given changes in market supply and demand. We may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage in the future at acceptable costs. A successful claim that exceeds or is not covered by our policies could
require us to pay substantial sums. Some of the carriers in our excess insurance programs are in liquidation and may not be able to respond if we should have claims reaching into excess layers. The financial health of other insurers may deteriorate.
Several of our insurance carriers are litigating with us the extent, if any, of their obligation to provide insurance coverage for asbestos liabilities asserted against us. The results of that litigation may adversely affect our insurance coverage
for those risks. In addition, we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage for certain risk such as political risks, terrorism or war. 

Our
businesses may be subject to increased regulatory enforcement 

Some of our business segments operate in industries with a concentrated number of
competitors and customers both foreign and domestic. While we have adopted a corporate-wide compliance program, we may become the subject of antitrust or other governmental investigations from many jurisdictions which may adversely impact our
reputation or our ability to make and sell products in the future. 

13 

Table of Contents

Other 

Additional information in response to Item 1 is found in Note 19 (Operating Segments) to the consolidated financial statements and selected financial data.