Set forth below are some of the
principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report or otherwise have a detrimental affect on the Company. These risks should be
considered in making any investment decisions in Corning. Future results could be affected materially by general industry and market conditions, changes in laws or accounting rules, general economic and political conditions, including a global
economic slowdown, fluctuation of interest rates or currency exchange rates, terrorism, political unrest or international conflicts, political instability or major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business
conditions. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. Other risks not described above, or unknown to us, may also adversely affect Corning or its
results. 

8 

We operate a global business in over 100 countries that exposes both our consolidated operations and our
equity method investments to additional risks. These include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 Reduced consumer demand for the products our customers manufacture, notably automobiles and heavy duty trucks, LCD televisions and notebook computers
resulting in lower demand for the products we sell. 

•

 Increased competition resulting in lower sales, net income and cash flow. 

•

 Deterioration in the financial condition of our customers resulting in reduced sales, an inability to collect receivables, payment delays or
potentially their bankruptcy or insolvency. 

•

 Increased risk of insolvency of financial institutions, which may limit Corning’s liquidity in the future or adversely affect its ability to use
its revolving credit facility, or result in losses from hedged transactions or from counterparty risk on various financial transactions. 

•

 Increased turmoil in the financial markets may limit Corning’s, its customers’ or its suppliers’ ability to access the capital markets
or may result in terms and conditions for such access that are more restrictive and costly than in the past. 

•

 Declines in our businesses that could result in material charges for restructuring or asset impairments. 

•

 Increased risk that financial investments by our customers, suppliers or equity companies may not achieve historical levels of liquidity.

•

 Operations outside the U.S. are subject to many complex regulatory requirements affecting international trade and investment, including antidumping
laws, export controls, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments. Our operations may be adversely affected by changes in the substance or enforcement of these regulatory requirements, and by actual or alleged
violations of them. 

•

 Emerging markets are a focus of our international growth strategy. The developing nature of these markets presents a number of risks, such as
deterioration of social, political, labor or economic conditions in a specific country or region and difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations may also adversely affect our operations or financial results.

•

 Although we hedge a portion of our currency exposures, significant fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect our sales, net income and cash
flow. 

•

 Increased sovereign risks in various countries may affect Corning’s operations, expenses or assets in those countries.

Our sales could be negatively impacted by the actions or circumstances of one or more key customers leading to the
substantial reduction in orders for our products 

In 2011, Corning’s ten largest customers accounted for 51% of our sales.

In addition, a relatively small number of customers accounted for a high percentage of net sales in our reportable segments. For 2011, four
customers of the Display Technologies segment accounted for 77% of total segment net sales when combined. In the Telecommunications segment, one customer accounted for 12% of segment net sales. In the Environmental Technologies segment, three
customers accounted for 85% of total segment sales in aggregate. In the Specialty Materials segment, two customers accounted for 42% of segment sales in 2011. In the Life Sciences segment, two distributors accounted for 39% of segment sales in 2011.
As a result of mergers and consolidations between customers, Corning’s customer base could become more concentrated. 

Samsung Corning
Precision’s sales were also concentrated in 2011, with sales to two LCD panel makers located in South Korea accounting for approximately 93% of total Samsung Corning Precision sales. 

Any positive trends in the sales of LCD glass substrates in previous years may not continue. Our customers are LCD panel and color filter makers. Additionally, consumer preferences for panels of differing
sizes, designs, price, or other seasonal factors, may lead to pauses in market growth from time to time. Our customers may not be able to maintain their profitability or access sufficient capital to fund routine maintenance and operations or planned
expansions which may limit their pace of orders to us. Emerging material technologies could replace our glass substrates for certain applications resulting in a decline in demand for our LCD products. Existing or new production capacity for glass
substrates may exceed the demand for them. Technologies for displays in competition with LCD panels may reduce or eliminate the need for our glass substrates. These technologies may include organic light emitting diodes and plasma display panels.
New process technologies developed by our competitors may also place us at a cost or quality disadvantage. Our own process technologies may be acquired or used unlawfully by others, enabling them to compete with us. Our inability to manufacture
glass substrates in the sizes and quantities needed by our customers may result in loss of revenue, margins and profits or liabilities for failure to supply. A scarcity of resources, limitations on technology, personnel or other factors resulting in
a failure to produce commercial quantities of very large-size glass substrates could have adverse financial consequences to us. 

9 

Our Telecommunications segment customers’ purchases of our products are affected by their capital
expansion plans, general market and economic uncertainty and regulatory changes, including broadband policy. Sales in the Telecommunications segment are expected to be impacted by the pace of fiber-to-the-premises deployments by our customers such
as Bell Canada, Bell Aliant, NBN Co., and Verizon Communications Inc. Our sales will be dependent on planned targets for homes passed and connected. Changes in our customers’ deployment plans could adversely affect future sales in any quarter
or for the full year. 

In the Environmental Technologies segment, sales of our ceramic substrate and filter products for automotive and diesel
emissions are expected to fluctuate with vehicle production. Changes in laws and regulations for air quality and emission controls may also influence future sales. Sales in our Environmental Technologies segment are mainly to three catalyzers and
emission system control manufacturers. Our customers sell these systems to automobile and diesel engine original equipment manufacturers. Sales in this segment may be affected by adverse developments in the global vehicle or freight hauling
industries or by such factors as higher fuel prices that may affect vehicle sales or downturns in freight traffic. 

Certain sales in our
Specialty Materials segment track worldwide economic cycles and our customers’ responses to that cycle. In addition, any positive trends in prior years in the sales of strengthened glass for personal handheld devices and LCD television cover
glass may not continue. We may experience losses relating to our inability to supply contracted quantities of this glass and processes planned to produce new versions of this glass may not be successful. 

Sales in our Life Sciences segment are through two large distributors, and the remaining balance is to a variety of government entities, pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, hospitals, universities and other research facilities. In 2011, our two largest distributors accounted for 39% of Life Sciences’ segment sales. Changes in our distribution arrangements in this segment may adversely
affect this segment’s financial results. 

If the markets for our products do not develop and expand as we anticipate, demand for our
products may decline, which would negatively impact our operations and financial performance 

The markets for our products are
characterized by rapidly changing technologies, evolving industry or government standards and new product introductions. Our success is expected to depend, in substantial part, on the successful introduction of new products, or upgrades of current
products, and our ability to compete with new technologies. The following factors related to our products and markets, if they do not continue as in the recent past, could have an adverse impact on our operations: 

•

 our ability to introduce leading products such as glass substrates for liquid crystal displays, optical fiber and cable and hardware and equipment, and
environmental substrate and filter products at competitive prices; 

•

 our ability to manufacture adequate quantities of increasingly larger glass substrates and strengthened glass for handheld devices, to satisfy our
customers technical requirements and our contractual obligations; 

•

 strong demand for notebook computers and LCD monitors; 

•

 growth in purchases of LCD televisions to replace other technologies; 

•

 screen size of LCD televisions, which affects glass demand; 

•

 our ability to develop new products in response to government regulations and laws, particularly diesel filter products in the Environmental
Technologies segment; 

•

 growth of the fiber-to-the-premises build-out in North America, western Europe and Australia; and 

•

 growth in emerging markets in other geographic regions such as Brazil, Russia, India and China. 

We face pricing pressures in each of our leading businesses that could adversely affect our financial performance 

We face pricing pressure in each of our leading businesses as a result of intense competition, emerging new technologies, or over-capacity. While we work
consistently toward reducing our costs to offset pricing pressures, we may not be able to achieve proportionate reductions in costs or sustain our current rate of cost reduction. We anticipate pricing pressures will continue in the future in all our
businesses. 

10 

We face risks related to our international operations and sales 

We have customers and significant operations, including manufacturing and sales, located outside the U.S. We have large manufacturing operations for
liquid crystal display glass substrates in Taiwan, China, Japan and Korea, including an equity investment in Samsung Corning Precision operating in South Korea that makes glass substrates for the Korean LCD market. All of our Display segment
customers are located in the Asia-Pacific region. As a result of these and other international operations, we face a number of risks, including: 

•

 geographical concentration of our factories and operations and regional shifts in our customer base; 

•

 periodic health epidemic concerns; 

•

 complexity of managing global operations; 

•

 difficulty in protecting intellectual property or sensitive commercial and operations data or information technology systems generally;

•

 tariffs, duties and other trade barriers including anti-dumping duties; 

•

 differing legal systems, including protection and treatment of intellectual property and patents; 

•

 natural disasters such as floods and earthquakes; and 

•

 potential power disruption or loss affecting glass production and possibly causing equipment damage. 

Any of these items could cause our sales or profitability to be significantly reduced. 

Additionally, a significant amount of the specialized manufacturing capacity for our Display Technologies segment is concentrated in three overseas countries and it is reasonably possible that the
operations of one or more such facilities could be disrupted. Due to the specialized nature of the assets and the customers’ locations, it may not be possible to find replacement capacity quickly or substitute production from facilities in
other countries. Accordingly, loss of these facilities could produce a near-term severe impact on our Display business and the Company as a whole. 

We face risks due to foreign currency fluctuations 

Because we have significant customers
and operations outside the U.S., fluctuations in foreign currencies, especially the Japanese yen, New Taiwan dollar, Korean won, and Euro, affect our sales and profit levels. Foreign exchange rates may make our products less competitive in countries
where local currencies decline in value relative to the U.S. dollar and Japanese yen. Sales in our Display Technologies segment, representing 40% of Corning’s sales in 2011, are denominated in Japanese yen. If sales grow in our Display
Technologies segment, our exposure to currency fluctuations will increase. Corning hedges significant transaction and balance sheet currency exposures and uses derivative instruments to limit exposure to foreign currency fluctuations associated with
certain monetary assets and liabilities as well as operating results. Although we selectively hedge these items, changes in exchange rates (especially the Japanese yen to U.S. dollar) will significantly impact our reported revenues and profits.

If the financial condition of our customers declines, our credit risks could increase 

Although we have a rigorous process to administer credit and believe our allowance is adequate, we have experienced, and in the future may experience,
losses as a result of our inability to collect our accounts receivable. If our customers or our indirect customers fail to meet their payment obligations for our products, we could experience reduced cash flows and losses in excess of amounts
reserved. Many customers of our Display Technologies and Specialty Materials segments are thinly capitalized and/or marginally profitable. In our Environmental Technologies segment, the U.S. auto makers and certain of their suppliers have
encountered credit downgrades or have filed for bankruptcy protection. These factors may result in an inability to collect receivables or a possible loss in business. 

If we do not successfully adjust our manufacturing volumes and cost structure, or achieve manufacturing yields or sufficient product reliability, our operating results and cash flow could suffer, and
we may not achieve anticipated profitability levels 

Investments in additional manufacturing capacity of certain businesses, including
liquid crystal display glass and diesel emission substrates and filters present challenges. We may face technical and process issues in moving to commercial production and there can be no assurance that Corning will be able to pace its capacity
expansion to the actual demand. Economic results may adversely affect our ability to complete planned capacity expansion and products. It is possible that manufacturing capacity may exceed or lag customer demand during certain periods. 

11 

The manufacturing of our products involves highly complex and precise processes, requiring production in
highly controlled and dust-free environments. Changes in our manufacturing processes could significantly reduce our manufacturing yields and product reliability. In some cases, existing manufacturing may be insufficient to achieve the requirements
of our customers. We will need to develop new manufacturing processes and techniques to achieve targeted volume, pricing and cost levels that will permit profitable operations. While we continue to fund projects to improve our manufacturing
techniques and processes, we may not achieve satisfactory cost levels in our manufacturing activities that will fully satisfy our profitability targets. 

Our future financial performance depends on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, precious metals, parts, and manufacturing equipment components to meet the demands of our customers

Our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of materials, precious
metals, parts and components from our suppliers. We may experience shortages that could adversely affect our operations. Although we work closely with our suppliers to avoid shortages, there can be no assurances that we will not encounter these
problems in the future. Furthermore, certain manufacturing equipment, raw materials or components are available only from a single source or limited sources. We may not be able to find alternate sources in a timely manner. A reduction, interruption
or delay of supply, or a significant increase in the price for supplies, such as manufacturing equipment, precious metals, raw materials or energy, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. 

We have incurred, and may in the future incur, restructuring and other charges, the amounts of which are difficult to predict accurately

We have recorded several charges for restructuring, impairment of assets, and the write-off of cost and equity-based investments in the
past. In 2011, we recorded a charge for the impairment of certain assets. Certain of our equity affiliates have also recorded restructuring charges. We and our affiliates may have additional actions that result in restructuring charges in the
future. 

We have incurred, and may in the future incur, goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges 

At December 31, 2011, Corning had goodwill and other intangible assets of $926 million. While we believe the estimates and judgments about future
cash flows used in the goodwill impairment tests are reasonable, we cannot provide assurance that future impairment charges will not be required if the expected cash flow estimates as projected by management do not occur, especially if an economic
recession occurs and continues for a lengthy period or becomes severe, or if acquisitions and investments made by the Company fail to achieve expected returns. 

If our products, including materials purchased from our suppliers, experience performance issues, our business will suffer 

Our business depends on the production of products of consistently high quality. Our products, components and materials purchased from our suppliers, are typically tested for quality. These testing
procedures are limited to evaluating our products under likely and foreseeable failure scenarios. For various reasons, our products, including materials purchased from our suppliers, may fail to perform as a customer expected. In some cases, product
redesigns or additional expense may be required to address such an issue. A significant or systemic product quality issue could result in customer relations problems, lost sales, and financial damages. 

We face competition in most of our businesses 

We expect that we will face continuous competition from existing competitors, low cost manufacturers and new entrants. We must invest in research and development, expand our engineering, manufacturing and
marketing capabilities, and continue to improve customer service and support in order to remain competitive. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to maintain or improve our competitive position. 

We may have additional tax liabilities 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and many foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for
income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We regularly are under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are
reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our financial
statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made. 

12 

We earn a significant amount of our operating income from outside the U.S., and any repatriation of funds
currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. In addition, there have been proposals to change U.S. tax laws that would significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign
earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form this proposed legislation may pass, if enacted it could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flow. 

Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may have an adverse effect on our results of operations 

Our effective tax rate could be adversely impacted by several factors, some of which are outside of our control, including: 

•

 changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates;

•

 changes in tax treaties and regulations and the interpretation of them; 

•

 changes to our assessments about the realizability of our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and
feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic environments in which we do business; 

•

 the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations, or administrative appeals; 

•

 changes in generally accepted accounting principles that affect the accounting for taxes; and 

•

 limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions. 

In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Significant
judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals. 

Accounting and disclosure rules may affect financial results 

Generally accepted accounting principles and accompanying accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations for many areas of our business, such as revenue recognition, accounting
for investments, fair value estimates and accounting for stock options, are very complex and involve significant and sometimes subjective judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation could significantly impact our reported earnings and
operating income and could add significant volatility to those measures in the future, without a corresponding change in our cash flows. 

Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees 

The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. We are limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws. If we are
less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we are unable to retain key employees, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term
success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution. The loss of the services of any of our key research and development, engineering or
operational personnel or senior management without adequate replacement, or the inability to attract new qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. 

We are subject to strict environmental regulations and regulatory changes that could result in fines or restrictions that interrupt our operations

Various stages of our manufacturing processes generate chemical waste, waste water and other industrial waste and green-house gases, and
we are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of such substances. We have installed anti-pollution equipment for the treatment of chemical waste and waste water at our facilities. We have taken
steps to control the amount of greenhouse gases created by our manufacturing operations. However, we cannot provide assurance that environmental claims will not be brought against us or that government regulators will not take steps toward adopting
more stringent environment standards. 

Any failure on our part to comply with any present or future environmental regulations could result in
the assessment of damages or imposition of fines against us, or the suspension/cessation of production or operations. In addition, environmental regulations could require us to acquire costly equipment, incur other significant compliance expenses or
limit or restrict production or operations and thus materially and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

13 

Changes in regulations and the regulatory environment in the U.S. and other countries,
such as those resulting from the regulation and impact of global warming and CO
2

 abatement, may affect our businesses and their results in adverse ways by, among other things, substantially increasing manufacturing costs, limiting availability of scarce resources, especially energy,
or requiring limitations on production and sale of our products or those of our customers. 

We may experience difficulties in enforcing our
intellectual property rights and we may be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of others 

We may
encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights or obtaining rights to additional intellectual property necessary to permit us to continue or expand our businesses. We cannot assure you that the patents that we hold or may
obtain will provide meaningful protection against our competitors. Changes in or enforcement of laws concerning intellectual property, worldwide, may affect our ability to prevent or address the misappropriation of, or the unauthorized use of, our
intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently uncertain and the outcome is often unpredictable. Other companies hold patents on technologies used in our industries and are
aggressively seeking to expand, enforce and license their patent portfolios. 

The intellectual property rights of others could inhibit our
ability to introduce new products. We are, and may in the future be, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation that may result in loss of revenue, require us to incur substantial costs, or lead to monetary damages
or injunctive relief against us. We cannot assure you as to the outcome of any such claims. 

Current or future litigation may harm our
financial condition or results of operations 

Pending, threatened or future litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties. Our financial
condition or results of operations may be adversely affected by unfavorable outcomes, expenses and costs exceeding amounts estimated or insured. In particular, we have been named as a defendant in numerous lawsuits alleging personal injury from
exposure to asbestos, and adverse rulings in such lawsuits or the inability to successfully resolve such matters may adversely affect the Company. As described in Legal Proceedings, an amended PCC Plan of Reorganization was filed with the Bankruptcy
Court on January 29, 2009 proposing a resolution of PCC asbestos claims. It remains reasonably possible that changes to the amended PCC Plan may be negotiated, and the elements of the plan and its approval are subject to a number of
contingencies before the resolution outlined in that Plan becomes final. 

We face risks through our equity method investments in companies
that we do not control 

Corning’s net income includes significant equity earnings from associated companies. For the year ended
December 31, 2011, we recognized $1.5 billion of equity earnings, of which 98% came from our two largest investments: Dow Corning (which makes silicone and high purity polycrystalline products) and Samsung Corning Precision (which primarily
makes liquid crystal display glass). Samsung Corning Precision is located in the Asia-Pacific region and is subject to political and geographic risks mentioned above, as well as business and other risks within the Display Technologies segment. Our
equity investments may not continue to perform at the same levels as in recent years. In 2007, we recognized equity losses associated with Samsung Corning Co., Ltd. (a 50% equity method investment that made glass panels and funnels for conventional
televisions), which recorded fixed asset and other impairment charges. Dow Corning emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in 2004 and has certain obligations under its Plan of Reorganization to resolve and fund claims of its creditors and personal
injury claimants. Dow Corning may incur further bankruptcy charges in the future, which may adversely affect its operations or assets. 

We
may not have adequate insurance coverage for claims against us 

We face the risk of loss resulting from product liability, securities,
fiduciary liability, intellectual property, antitrust, contractual, warranty, environmental, fraud and other lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. In addition, our product liability, fiduciary, directors and officers, property including
business interruption, natural catastrophe and comprehensive general liability insurance may not be adequate to cover such claims or may not be available to the extent we expect in the future. Our insurance costs can be volatile and, at any time,
can increase given changes in market supply and demand and our claim history. We may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage in the future at acceptable costs. A successful claim that exceeds or is not covered by our policies could require
us to pay substantial sums. Some of the carriers in our historical primary and excess insurance programs are in liquidation and may not be able to respond if we should have claims reaching their policies. The financial health of other insurers may
deteriorate. Several of our insurance carriers are litigating with us the extent, if any, of their obligation to provide insurance coverage for asbestos liabilities asserted against us. The results of that litigation may adversely affect our
insurance coverage for those risks. In addition, we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage for certain types of risk such as political risks, terrorism or war. 

14 

Our businesses may be subject to increased regulatory enforcement 

Some of our reportable segments operate in industries with a concentrated number of competitors and customers, both foreign and domestic. While we have
adopted a corporate-wide compliance program, we may become the subject of antitrust or other governmental investigations from many jurisdictions that may adversely impact our reputation or our ability to make and sell products in the future.

Acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances may have an adverse effect on our business 

We expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into joint ventures and strategic alliances as part of our long-term business strategy. These
transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, that we don’t realize a satisfactory return on our investment, or that we experience difficulty integrating new
employees, business systems, and technology, or diversion of management’s attention from our other businesses. It may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits, such as increased revenue, enhanced efficiencies, or market share, or
those benefits may ultimately be smaller than anticipated, or may not be realized. These events could harm our operating results or financial condition. 

Improper disclosure of personal data could result in liability and harm our reputation 

We
store and process personally identifiable information of our employees and, in some cases, our customers. At the same time, the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment increasingly hostile to
breaches of information security. This environment demands that we continuously improve our design and coordination of security controls across our business groups and geographies. Despite these efforts, it is possible our security controls over
personal data, our training of employees and vendors on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information. Improper disclosure of this information could harm our reputation or
subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. 

Adverse economic
conditions may adversely affect our investments 

We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These
investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events that have affected global financial markets. A significant part of our investment portfolio consists of U.S. government
securities. If global credit and equity markets experience prolonged periods of decline, or if the U.S. federal government budget process results in a default or downgrade of its debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely impacted and we could
determine that more of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely impact our financial results. 

Security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, liability claims, or competitive harm 

We use electronic information technology (IT) in our manufacturing processes and operations and other aspects of our business. Despite our implementation of security measures, our IT systems are
vulnerable to disruptions from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber attack and other similar disruptions. A material breach in the security of our IT systems could include the theft of our intellectual property or trade
secrets. To the extent that any disruptions or security breaches result in the theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information, it could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of
our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives, or otherwise adversely affect our business. 

Additionally,
utilities and other operators of critical energy infrastructure that serve our facilities may face heightened security risks, including cyber attacks. In the event of such an attack, disruption in service from our utility providers could disrupt our
manufacturing operations which rely on a continuous source of power (electrical, gas, etc).