Set forth below are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual
business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report or otherwise have a detrimental affect on the company. These risks should be considered in making any investment decisions in Corning. Future results
could be materially affected by general industry and market conditions, changes in laws or accounting rules, general economic and political conditions, including a global economic slowdown, fluctuation of interest rates or currency exchange rates,
terrorism, political unrest or international conflicts, political instability or major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary
comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. Additional risks not described above, or unknown to us, may also adversely affect Corning or its results. 

Our sales could be negatively impacted if one or more of our key customers substantially reduce orders for our products 

Corning’s ten largest customers account for about 50% of our sales. No individual customer accounts for more than 10% of consolidated sales except for AU Optronics Corporation (AUO) which accounted for 12% of
consolidated sales in 2007. 

In addition, a relatively small number of customers accounted for a high percentage of net sales in each of
our reportable operating segments. For 2007, three customers of the Display Technologies segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment net sales, represented 62% of total segment sales when combined. In the Telecommunications
segment, two customers, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment net sales, represented 25% of total segment sales when combined. In the Environmental Technologies segment, three customers, which individually accounted for more than
10% of segment net sales, represented 81% of total segment sales in aggregate. In the Life Sciences segment, one distributor accounted for 44% of this segment’s sales in 2007. 

Samsung Corning Precision’s sales were also concentrated in 2007, with sales to two LCD panel makers located in South Korea accounting for
approximately 93% of total Samsung Corning Precision sales. 

Although the sale of LCD glass substrates has increased in 2007, there can be
no assurance that positive trends will continue. Our customers are LCD panel and color filter makers. As they switch to larger size glass, the pace of their orders may be uneven while they adjust their manufacturing processes and facilities.
Additionally, consumer preferences for panels of differing sizes, price, or other seasonal factors, may lead to pauses in market growth from time to time. Our customers may not be able to maintain profitable operations or access sufficient capital
to fund ongoing and future planned expansions, which may limit their pace of orders to us. Emerging material technologies could replace our glass substrates for certain applications resulting in a decline in demand for our LCD products. Technologies
for displays in competition with LCD panels may reduce or eliminate the need for our glass substrate. These technologies may include organic light emitting diodes and plasma display panels. New process technologies developed by our competitors may
also place us at a cost or quality disadvantage in the workplace. Our inability to manufacture glass substrates in the sizes and quantities needed by our customers may result in loss of revenue, margins and profits or liabilities for failure to
supply. A scarcity of resources, limitations on technology, personnel or other factors resulting in a failure to produce commercial quantities of very large size glass substrates, particularly from new facilities being constructed at a major
customer in Japan, could have adverse financial consequences to us. 

Our Telecommunications segment customers’ purchases of our
products are affected by their capital expansion plans, general market and economic uncertainty and regulatory changes, including broadband policy. Sales in the Telecommunications segment are expected to be impacted by the pace of Verizon
Communication Inc. (Verizon) fiber-to-the-premises deployments. Our sales will be dependent on Verizon’s planned targets for homes passed and connected. Changes in Verizon’s deployment plan could adversely affect future sales in any
quarter or for the full year. 

9 

In the Environmental Technologies segment, sales of our ceramic substrate and filter products for
automotive and diesel emissions and pollution control are expected to fluctuate with vehicle production. Changes in governmental laws and regulations for air quality and emission controls may also influence future sales. Sales in our Environmental
Technologies segment are to four catalyzers and emission system component manufacturers. Our customers sell these systems to automotive original equipment manufacturers and diesel engine manufacturers. Sales within this segment may be affected by
adverse developments in the U.S. vehicle or freight hauling industries or by such factors as higher fuel prices that may affect vehicle sales or downturns in freight traffic. 

Sales in our Life Sciences segment were historically through two large distributors to government entities, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies,
hospitals, universities and other research facilities. During 2005, we did not renew the contract with one large distributor and transitioned the sales through this distributor to our remaining primary distributor and other existing and developing
channels. This change had an adverse impact on sales volumes. In 2007, our remaining primary distributor accounted for 44% of Life Sciences segment sales. Changes in our distribution arrangements in this segment may adversely affect this
segment’s financial results. 

If the markets for our products do not develop and expand as we anticipate, demand for our products may decline,
which would negatively impact our results of operations and financial performance 

The markets for our products are characterized by
rapidly changing technologies, evolving industry or government standards and new product introductions. Our success is expected to depend, in substantial part, on the successful introduction of new products, or upgrades of current products, and our
ability to compete with new technologies. The following factors related to our products and markets, if not achieved, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations: 

•

 our ability to introduce leading products such as glass substrates for liquid crystal displays, optical fiber and cable and hardware and equipment, and
environmental substrate and filter products that can command competitive prices; 

•

 our ability to manufacture adequate quantities of increasingly larger glass substrates to satisfy our customers requirements and our contractual obligations;

•

 continued strong demand for notebook computers and LCD monitors; 

•

 growth in purchases of LCD televisions to replace other technologies; 

•

 screen size of LCD televisions, which affects glass demand; 

•

 our ability to develop new products in response to government regulations and laws, particularly diesel filter products in the Environmental Technologies segment;
and 

•

 growth of the fiber-to-the-premises build-out in North America. 

We face pricing pressures in each of our leading businesses that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance 

We face pricing pressure in each of our leading businesses as a result of intense competition, emerging new technologies, or over-capacity. While we will
work toward reducing our costs to offset pricing pressures, we may not be able to achieve proportionate reductions in costs or to sustain our current rate of cost reduction We anticipate pricing pressures will continue into 2008 and beyond on a
number of our products. Although we have reduced the rate of price decline in 2007 in our Display Technologies segment and plan to continue to do so in 2008, we cannot be assured of success. Our 2008 pricing strategy in our Display Technologies
segment may also result in lost market share and lower volumes. 

10 

We face risks related to our international operations and sales 

We have customers and significant operations, including manufacturing and sales, located outside the U.S. We have large manufacturing operations for
liquid crystal display glass substrates in Taiwan and the Asia-Pacific region, including an equity investment in Samsung Corning Precision operating in South Korea that makes glass substrates for the LCD market. All of our Display segment customers
are located in the Asia-Pacific region. As a result of these and other international operations, we face a number of risks, including: 

•

 geographical concentration of our factories and operations; 

•

 periodic health epidemic concerns; 

•

 difficulty of managing global operations; 

•

 difficulty in protecting intellectual property; 

•

 tariffs, duties and other trade barriers including anti-dumping duties; 

•

 differing legal systems; 

•

 natural disasters; 

•

 potential power loss affecting glass production and equipment damage; 

•

 political and economic instability in foreign markets; and 

•

 foreign currency risk. 

Any of these
items could cause our sales or profitability to be significantly reduced. 

Additionally, because a significant amount of the specialized
manufacturing capacity for our Display Technologies segment is concentrated in Asia, it is at least reasonably possible that the use of a facility located outside of an entity’s home country could be disrupted. Due to the specialized nature of
the assets, it would not be possible to find replacement capacity quickly. Accordingly, loss of these facilities could produce a near-term severe impact to our display business and the Company as a whole. 

We face risks due to foreign currency fluctuations 

Because we have significant customers and operations outside the U.S., fluctuations in foreign currencies, especially the Japanese yen, the New Taiwan dollar, the Korean won, and the euro, affect our sales and profit levels. Foreign
exchange rates may make our products less competitive in countries where local currencies decline in value relative to the dollar and Japanese yen. Sales in our Display Technologies segment, representing 45% of Corning’s sales in 2007, are
denominated in Japanese yen. The expected sales growth of the Display Technologies segment will increase our exposure to currency fluctuations. Corning hedges significant transaction and balance sheet currency exposures and uses derivatives
instruments to limit exposure to foreign currency fluctuations associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities as well as operating results. Although we hedge these items, changes in exchange rates (especially the Japanese yen to U.S.
dollar) may significantly impact our reported revenues and results of operations. 

If the financial condition of our customers declines, our credit
risks could increase 

Although we have a rigorous process to administer credit and believe our reserve is adequate, we have
experienced, and in the future may experience, losses as a result of our inability to collect our accounts receivable. If our customers fail to meet their payment obligations to us, we could experience reduced cash flows and losses in excess of
amounts reserved. Some customers of our Display Technologies segment are thinly capitalized and/or marginally profitable. In our Environmental products segment, the U.S. auto customers and certain of their suppliers have encountered credit
downgrades. These factors may result in an inability to collect receivables or a possible loss in business. As of December 31, 2007, reserves and allowances for trade receivables totaled approximately $20 million. 

If we do not successfully adjust our manufacturing volumes and fixed cost structure, or achieve manufacturing yields or sufficient product reliability, our operating
results could suffer, and we may not achieve anticipated profitability levels 

We are investing heavily in additional manufacturing
capacity of certain businesses, including liquid crystal display glass and diesel emission substrates and filters. The speed of constructing the new facilities presents challenges. We may face technical and process issues in moving to commercial
production. There can be no assurance that Corning will be able to pace its capacity expansion to the actual demand. It is possible that manufacturing capacity may exceed or lag customer demand during certain periods. 

The manufacturing of our products involves highly complex and precise processes, requiring production in highly controlled and dust-free environments.
Changes in our manufacturing processes could significantly reduce our manufacturing yields and product reliability. In some cases, existing manufacturing may be insufficient to achieve the requirements of our customers. We will need to develop new
manufacturing processes and techniques to achieve targeted volume, pricing and cost levels that will permit profitable operations. While we continue to fund projects to improve our manufacturing techniques and processes, we may not achieve
satisfactory cost levels in our manufacturing activities that will fully satisfy our profitability targets. 

11 

Our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and
manufacturing equipment components to meet the demands of our customers 

Our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on our
ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of materials, parts and components from our suppliers. We may experience shortages that could adversely affect our operations. Although we work closely with our suppliers to avoid shortages, there can
be no assurances that we will not encounter these problems in the future. Furthermore, certain manufacturing equipment, raw materials or components are available only from a single source or limited sources. We may not be able to find alternate
sources in a timely manner. A reduction, interruption or delay of supply, or a significant increase in the price for supplies, such as manufacturing equipment, raw materials or energy, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses.

We have incurred, and may in the future incur, restructuring and other charges, the amounts of which are difficult to predict accurately

We have recorded several charges for restructuring, impairment of assets, and the write-off of cost and equity based investments. It
is possible we may record additional charges for restructuring or other asset impairments if additional actions become necessary. 

We have incurred, and
may in the future incur, goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges 

At December 31, 2007, Corning had goodwill and
other intangible assets of $308 million. While we believe the estimates and judgments about future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment tests are reasonable, we cannot provide assurance that future impairment charges will not be required if
the expected cash flow estimates as projected by management do not occur. 

If our products or materials purchased from our suppliers experience
performance issues, our business will suffer 

Our business depends on the production of products of consistently high quality. Our
products, components and materials purchased from our suppliers, are typically tested for quality. These testing procedures are limited to evaluating our products under likely and foreseeable failure scenarios. For various reasons, our products,
including materials purchased from our suppliers, may fail to perform as expected. In some cases, product redesigns or additional expense may be required to correct a defect. A significant or systemic product failure could result in customer
relations problems, lost sales, and financial damages. 

We face competition in most of our businesses 

We expect that we will face additional competition from existing competitors, low cost manufacturers and new entrants. We must invest in research and
development, expand our engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities, and continue to improve customer service and support in order to remain competitive. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to maintain or improve our
competitive position. 

Accounting and disclosure rules may affect financial results 

Generally accepted accounting principles and accompanying accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations for many areas of our
business, such as revenue recognition, accounting for investments, and accounting for stock options, are very complex and involve significant and sometimes subjective judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation could significantly
impact our reported earnings and operating income and could add significant volatility to those measures in the future, without a corresponding change in our cash flows. 

We rely on key personnel and the loss of their services or the inability to attract and retain them may negatively affect our businesses 

Our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate qualified research and development, engineering and operating personnel, generally and during
periods of rapid growth, especially in those of our businesses focused on new products and advanced manufacturing processes, is essential to our business success. We also depend on the services of experienced key senior management. 

The loss of the services of any of our key research and development, engineering or operational personnel or senior management without adequate
replacement, or the inability to attract new qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

12 

We are subject to strict environmental regulations and regulatory changes that could result in fines or restrictions
that interrupt our operations 

Our manufacturing process generates chemical waste, waste water and other industrial waste and various
green house gases at various stages in the manufacturing process, and we are currently or may be in the future subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of such substances. We have installed
various types of anti-pollution equipment for the treatment of chemical waste and waste water at our various facilities. However, we cannot provide assurance that environmental claims will not be brought against us or that the local or national
governments will not take steps toward adopting more stringent environment standards. 

Any failure on our part to comply with any present
or future environmental regulations could result in the assessment of damages or imposition of fines against us, suspension/cessation of production or operations. In addition, environmental regulations could require us to acquire costly equipment,
incur other significant compliance expenses or limit or restrict production or operations and thus materially and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in regulations and the regulatory environment in the United States and other countries,
such as those resulting from the regulation and impact of global warming and CO2

 abatement, may affect our businesses and their results in adverse ways by,
among other things, substantially increasing manufacturing costs, limiting availability of scarce resources, especially energy, or requiring limitations on production and sale of our products or those of our customers. 

We may experience difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property rights and we may be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of
others 

We may encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights or obtaining rights to additional intellectual
property necessary to permit us to continue or expand our businesses. We cannot assure you that the patents that we hold or may obtain will provide meaningful protection against our competitors. Changes in law concerning intellectual property may
affect our ability to protect our intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation is inherently uncertain and the outcome is often unpredictable. Other companies hold patents on technologies
used in our industries and are aggressively seeking to expand, enforce and license their patent portfolios. 

The intellectual property
rights of others could inhibit our ability to introduce new products. We are, and may in the future be, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement or misappropriation that may result in loss of revenue, require us to incur substantial
costs, or lead to monetary damages or injunctive relief against us. We cannot assure you as to the outcome of any such claims. 

Current or future
litigation may harm our financial condition or results of operations 

Pending, threatened or future litigation is subject to inherent
uncertainties. Our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected by unfavorable outcomes, expenses and costs exceeding amounts estimated or insured. In particular, we have been named as a defendant in numerous lawsuits
alleging personal injury from exposure to asbestos. As described in Legal Proceedings, our negotiations with the representatives of asbestos claimants produced a tentative plan of settlement through a PCC Plan of Reorganization, but this Plan was
not confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court. The proponents of the Plan have moved for reconsideration of the order entered by the Court on December 21, 2006 denying Plan confirmation. It is reasonably possible that changes to the Plan will be
negotiated, but the elements of the Plan and final approval are subject to a number of contingencies. Total charges of $1 billion have been recorded through December 31, 2007; however, additional charges or credits are possible due to the
potential fluctuation in the price of our common stock, other adjustments in the proposed settlement, and other litigation factors. 

We face risks
through our equity method investments in companies that we do not control 

Corning’s net income includes significant equity in
earnings of associated companies. For the year ended December 31, 2007, we recognized $942 million of equity earnings, of which $927 million came from our two largest investments: Dow Corning Corporation (which makes silicone products) and
Samsung Corning Precision (which makes liquid crystal display glass). Samsung Corning Precision is located in the Asia-Pacific region and is subject to political and geographic risks mentioned above, as well as business and other risks within the
Display segment. Our equity investments may not continue to perform at the same levels as in recent years. In 2006 and 2007, we recognized equity losses associated with Samsung Corning Co., Ltd. (our 50% equity method investment that makes glass
panels and funnels for conventional televisions), which recorded fixed asset and other impairment charges. 

13 

We may not have adequate insurance coverage for claims against us 

We face the risk of loss resulting from product liability, securities, fiduciary liability, intellectual property, antitrust, contractual, warranty,
environmental, fraud and other lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. In addition, our product liability, fiduciary, directors and officers, property, natural catastrophe and comprehensive general liability insurance may not be adequate to
cover such claims or may not be available to the extent we expect. Our insurance costs can be volatile and, at any time, can increase given changes in market supply and demand. We may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage in the future
at acceptable costs. A successful claim that exceeds or is not covered by our policies could require us to pay substantial sums. Some of the carriers in our excess insurance programs are in liquidation and may not be able to respond if we should
have claims reaching into excess layers. The financial health of other insurers may deteriorate. Several of our insurance carriers are litigating with us the extent, if any, of their obligation to provide insurance coverage for asbestosis
liabilities asserted against us. The results of that litigation may adversely affect our insurance coverage for those risks. In addition, we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage for certain risk such as political risk, terrorism or
war. 

14 

Other 

Additional information in response to Item 1 is found in Note 18 (Operating Segments) to the consolidated financial statements and selected financial data.