.

In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.

12

If we cannot sustain profitable operations, we will need to raise additional capital to continue our operations, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and which may dilute your investment.

We generated a net loss of $1,097,980 for the year ended September 30, 2013 and therefore we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in building a functional beverage business in future periods. 

If we are unable to generate sufficient revenues to pay our expenses and our existing sources of cash and cash flows are otherwise insufficient to fund our activities, we will need to raise additional funds to continue our operations. We do not have any arrangements in place to provide additional funds. If needed, those funds may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. Furthermore, if we issue equity or debt securities to raise additional funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our existing stockholders. If we are unsuccessful in sustaining profitability and reducing our accumulated deficit, and we cannot obtain additional funds on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may be required to curtail significantly or cease our operations. 

Because we have a limited operating history, our ability to fully and successfully develop our business is unknown.

Nuzee Co, Ltd. was incorporated in California in 2011 prior to the merger with Havana Furnishings as a result we have only recently begun developing and producing our functional products, and do not have a significant operating history with which investors can evaluate our business. Our ability to successfully develop our products, and to realize consistent, meaningful revenues and profit has not been established and cannot be assured. For us to achieve success, our products must receive broad market acceptance by consumers.  Without this market acceptance, we will not be able to generate sufficient revenue to continue our business operation. If our products are not widely accepted by the market, our business may fail.

Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon our ability to generate revenues, manage development costs and expenses, and compete successfully with our direct and indirect competitors

Based upon current plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods. This will happen because there are expenses associated with the development, production, marketing, and sales of our product. As a result, we may not generate significant revenues in the future. Failure to generate significant revenues in near future may cause us to suspend or cease activities.

We will need additional funds to produce, market, and distribute our product.

We will have to spend additional funds to produce, market and distribute our product. If we cannot raise sufficient capital, we may have to cease operations and you could lose your investment.

There is no guarantee that sufficient sale levels will be achieved.

There is no guarantee that the expenditure of money on distribution and marketing efforts will translate into sales or sufficient sales to cover our expenses and result in profits. Consequently, there is a risk that you may lose all of your investment.

13

Our development, marketing, and sales activities are limited by our size. 

Because we are small and do not have significant capital reserves, we must limit our product development, marketing, and sales activities.  As such we may not be able to scale our production and business development activities to the level required. If this becomes a reality, we may not ever generate revenues and you will lose your investment.

Changes in the nutritional beverage business environment and retail landscape could adversely impact our financial results.

The nutritional and functional beverage business environment is rapidly evolving as a result of, among other things, changes in consumer preferences, including changes based on health and nutrition considerations and obesity concerns; shifting consumer tastes and needs; changes in consumer lifestyles; and competitive product and pricing pressures.  In addition, the nutritional beverage retail landscape is very dynamic and constantly evolving, not only in emerging and developing markets, where modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade outlets, but also in developed markets, where discounters and value stores, as well as the volume of transactions through e-commerce, are growing at a rapid pace. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing environment and retail landscape, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.

Intense competition and increasing competition in the commercial beverage market could hurt our business.

The commercial retail beverage industry, and in particular the functional beverage segment is still nascent and viewed as highly competitive. Market participants are of various sizes, with various market shares and geographical reach, some of whom have access to substantially more sources of capital.

We will compete generally with many liquid refreshments, including numerous specialty beverages, such as hot and cold coffee and teas.

We will compete indirectly with major international beverage companies including but not limited to: Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, the Coca-Cola Company; PepsiCo, Inc.; Nestlé; Kraft Foods Group, Inc.; and Starbucks. These companies have established market presence in the United States, and offer a variety of beverages that are substitutes to our product. We face potential direct competition from such companies, because they have the financial resources, and access to manufacturing and distribution channels to rapidly enter the health food and beverage market.

We will compete directly with other consumer products participants in the emerging functional beverage sector including BulletProof Coffee, Green Mountain Wellness Coffee, Organo Gold Herbal Coffee, Nuvia Trim Coffee, South Beach Java, Javita, and NatureGift Instant Coffee. These companies could bolster their position in the sector through additional expenditure and promotion.

As a result of both direct and indirect competition, our ability to successfully distribute, market and sell our product, and to gain sufficient market share in the United States and internationally to realize profits may be limited, greatly diminished, or totally diminished, which may lead to partial or total loss of your investments in our company.

Our growth and profitability depends on the performance of third-parties and our relationship with them.

14

A significant portion of our distribution network and its success depend on the performance of third parties. Any non-performance or deficient performance by such parties may undermine our operations, profitability, and result in total loss to your investment. To distribute our product, we will use a broker-distributor-retailer network whereby brokers represent our products to distributors and retailers who will in turn sell our product to consumers. The success of this network will depend on the performance of the brokers, distributors and retailers of this network. There is a risk that a broker, distributor, or retailer may refuse to or cease to market or carry our product. There is a risk that the mentioned entities may not adequately perform their functions within the network by, without limitation, failing to distribute to sufficient retailers or positioning our product in localities that may not be receptive to our product. Furthermore, such third-parties’ financial position or market share may deteriorate, which could adversely affect our distribution, marketing and sale activities. We also need to maintain good commercial relationships with third-party brokers, distributors and retails so that they will promote and carry our product. Any adverse consequences resulting from the performance of third-parties or our relationship with them could undermine our operations, profitability and may result in total loss of your investment.

We depend on third party manufacturers and ingredients providers to produce all of our products.

Our reliance on third party manufacturers and providers exposes us to a number of risks that are beyond our control, including:

·

Unexpected increases in production costs; 

·

Unexpected scheduling delays;

·

Unexpected shortage of ingredients;

·

Loss of priority assignment of any and all supplies and materials;

·

The failure from any of our partners to deliver components or finished goods.    

Health benefits of the functional ingredients are not guaranteed.

Although we use ingredient backed by clinical studies that support our claims such health benefits to individuals are not guaranteed. Consequently, negative studies and publicity surrounding any of our ingredients may result in loss of market share or potential market share and hence loss of your investment.

Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our product may inhibit sales of affected products.

Various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our product relating to the content or perceived adverse health consequences of our product. If these types of requirements become applicable to our product under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of our product.

Unfavorable general economic conditions in the United States or elsewhere could negatively impact our financial performance.

Unfavorable general economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown, in the United States could negatively affect the affordability of, and consumer demand for, our product in the United States. Under difficult economic conditions, consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products or by shifting away from our beverages to lower-priced products offered by other companies. Lower consumer demand for our product in the United States could reduce our profitability.

15

We will rely primarily on the United States and Keurig brewer households to generate adoption and use in our products. 

The consumer acceptance for Keurig brewers could decline and negatively impact the market size and growth potential. We are attempting to develop other geographic markets and single-serve brewer platforms for our products, in Asia and other markets.  We are looking for opportunities to generate additional significant customers to reduce our risk associated with customer concentration. We can make no assurance, however, that we will succeed in diversifying our customer base, developing other geographic markets or in becoming less reliant on a small number of significant customers.

If we do not compete effectively in the functional beverage market, our revenues and market share will decline.

The markets for Coffee Blenders are highly competitive. We face competition from larger and better capitalized competitors such as Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Inc. and many nutraceutical beverage firms which have significantly greater penetration in key markets than we do. Economies of scale allow these competitors to offer product pricing and related incentives that we may be unable to match. We also face competition from a number of smaller competitors. These competitors may be able to:

develop better and more variety of products

develop less expensive products

develop broader channels

as well as the ability to respond more rapidly to changing market conditions 

If we are not successful in enhancing our products, maintaining customer relationships and managing our cost structure so that we can provide competitive prices, we may experience reduced sales and our potential market share may decline.

Our competitive position could be seriously damaged and we may incur substantial expenses if we become party to lawsuits alleging that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others.   

The technology around K-CUP®, K-Cup Brewers and related Keurig know-how and processes may impact our ability and/or our partner’s ability to deliver finished goods. 

If we are forced to take any of the foregoing legal actions to defend our products, we could face substantial costs and shipment delays and our business could be seriously harmed. Although we carry general liability insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. 

In addition, it is possible that our distribution partners or manufacturing partners may seek indemnity from us in the event that our products are found or alleged to infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. Any such claim for indemnity could result in substantial expenses to us that could harm our operating results.

Our international sales and operations subject us to various risks associated with, among other things, foreign laws, policies, economies, and exchange rate fluctuations.

All of our international sales and operations are subject to inherent risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Each country has their own regulations regarding food safety and ingredient panel disclosures. Our ability to meet those requirements may prevent us from launching products or force us to reverse orders and business. 

16

Adverse weather conditions could reduce the supply or demand for our products.

The sales of our products are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate.  Also the supply of our raw ingredients could be impacted by adverse weather that increase cost or reduce availability. 

Because the majority of our sales are denominated in United States dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates affect the market price for our products in countries in which they are sold. If the currency of a particular country weakens against the United States dollar, the cost of our products in that country may increase.

If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel necessary to operate our business, our ability to develop and market our products successfully could be harmed.

We have a small employee base and depend substantially on our current executive officers and key sales, and operational employees. The loss of key employees or the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel, could delay product development and harm our ability to sell our products. Our success depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain qualified management, sales, and marketing personnel.

A substantial portion of our sales are completed on a purchase order basis. Although these purchase orders are generally not cancelable, customers may decide to delay or cancel orders, which could negatively impact our revenues.

Orders covered by firm purchase orders are generally not cancelable; however, customers may decide to delay or cancel orders. In the event that we experience any delays or cancellations, we may have difficulty enforcing the provisions of the purchase order and our revenues could decline substantially. Any such decline could result in us incurring net losses, increasing our accumulated deficit and needing to raise additional capital to fund our operations.

Changes in, or failure to comply with, the laws and regulations applicable to our products or our business operations could increase our costs or reduce our net operating revenues.

The advertising, distribution, labeling, production, safety, sale, and transportation in the United States of our company’s product will be subject to: the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; the Federal Trade Commission Act; the Lanham Act; state consumer protection laws; competition laws; federal, state, and local workplace health and safety laws, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Act; various federal, state and local environmental protection laws; and various other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations. Legal requirements also apply in many jurisdictions in the United States requiring that deposits or certain eco taxes or fees be charged for the sale, marketing, and use of certain non-refillable beverage containers.  The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary.  Other types of statutes and regulations relating to beverage container deposits, recycling, eco taxes and/or product stewardship also apply in various jurisdictions in the United States. We anticipate that additional, similar legal requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future at the local, state and federal levels in the United States. Changes to such laws and regulations could increase our costs or reduce or net operating revenues.

17

Risk Related to Our Stock

Because Nuzee ownership is concentrated with the Chairman controlling a large percentage of our common stock, he has the ability to influence matters affecting our stockholders.

As a result, he has the ability to influence matters affecting our stockholders, including the election of our directors, the acquisition or disposition of our assets, and the future issuance of our shares of common stock.  Because he controls such shares, investors may find it difficult to replace our management if they disagree with the way our business is being operated. Because their interest could result in management making decisions that are in their best interest and not in the best interest of the general investor base, you may lose some or all of the value of your investment in our common stock.

Because we can issue additional shares of common stock, our stockholders may experience dilution in the future.

We are authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 37,957,790  shares of common stock and no share of preferred stock are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof.  Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common stock, and to determine the rights, preferences and privileges of such shares, without consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, the stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our stock in the future.

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets, which may be detrimental to investors.

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Markets. Stocks quoted on the OTC Markets generally have limited trading volume and exhibit a wider spread between the bid and ask quotations as compared to stocks traded on national exchanges. Accordingly, you may not be able to sell your shares quickly or at the market price if trading in our stock is not active.

Trading on the OTC Markets and Bulletin Board exchanges may be volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders to resell their shares.

Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets and Bulletin Board. Trading in stock quoted on the OTC Markets is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors that may have little to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to operating performance. Moreover, the OTC Markets is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Markets is often more sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like NASDAQ a stock exchange like the NYSE. Accordingly, stockholders may have difficulty reselling any of the shares.

A decline in the price of our common stock could affect our ability to raise further working capital, it may adversely impact our ability to continue operations and we may go out of business.

A prolonged decline in the price of our common stock could result in a reduction in the liquidity of our common stock and a reduction in our ability to raise capital. Because we may attempt to acquire a significant portion of the funds we need in order to conduct our planned operations through the sale of equity securities, a decline in the price of our common stock could be detrimental to our liquidity and our operations because the decline may cause investors not to choose to invest in our stock. If we are unable to raise the funds we require for all our planned operations, we may be forced to reallocate funds from other planned uses and may suffer a significant negative effect on our business plan and operations, including our ability to develop new products and continue our current operations. As a result, our 

business may suffer, and not be successful and we may go out of business. We also might not be able to meet our financial obligations if we cannot raise enough funds through the sale of our common stock and we may be forced to go out of business.

18

Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the near future, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them.

We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors, and will depend upon, among other things, the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the board of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them.

Our stock is a penny stock. Trading of our stock may be restricted by the SEC’s penny stock regulations which may limit a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our stock.

Our stock is a penny stock. The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines “penny stock” to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. Our securities are covered by the penny stock rules, which impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and “accredited investors”. The term “accredited investor” refers generally to institutions with assets in excess of $5,000,000 or individuals with a net worth in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000 or $300,000 jointly with their spouse. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer’s confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules may affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities. We believe that the penny stock rules discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock.

19

FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder’s ability to buy and sell our stock.

In addition to the “penny stock” rules promulgated by the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer’s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, the FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock.