.”

 In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by
 the use of terms such as “anticipates,”
 “believes,” “continues,” “could,”
 “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,”
 “may,” “plans,” “potential,”
 “predicts,” “will,” “should,”
 “seeks,” “pro forma” or similar expressions.
 These statements are only predictions based on current
 expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown
 risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our
 industry’s actual results, levels of activity, performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future
 results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
 expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You
 should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
 statements.

 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our
 forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee
 future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
 forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
 information, future events or otherwise after the date of this
 Form 10-K.
 In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking
 events and circumstances contained in this

Form 10-K
 may not occur, causing actual results to differ materially from
 those anticipated or implied by our forward-looking statements.

 Industry
 Background

 Based upon estimates compiled by various market research firms,
 management estimates that the combined market for video game
 products and PC entertainment software exceeded $41 billion
 in 2009 in the parts of the world in which we operate. According
 to NPD Group, Inc., a market research firm (the “NPD
 Group”), the electronic game industry was an approximately
 $20 billion market in the United States in 2009, the
 majority of which was attributable to video game products,
 excluding sales of used video game products. International
 Development Group, a market research firm (“IDG”),
 estimates that retail sales of video game hardware and software
 and PC entertainment software totaled approximately
 $17.5 billion in Europe in 2009. The NPD Group has reported
 that video game retail sales in Canada were approximately
 $1.8 billion in 2009. According to the independent market
 research firm GfK Group, the Australian market for video game
 products was approximately $2.0 billion in 2009.

 New Video Game Products.  The Entertainment
 Software Association (“ESA”) estimates that 65% of all
 American households play video or computer games. We expect the
 following trends to result in increased sales of video game
 products:

 • 

 Hardware Platform Technology Evolution.  Video
 game hardware has evolved significantly from the early products
 launched in the 1980s. The processing speed of video game
 hardware has increased with each generation of hardware to high
 speed processors in today’s gaming systems, such as the
 Sony PlayStation 3,

 3

Table of Contents

 the Nintendo Wii and Microsoft Xbox 360, which all launched
 between 2005 and 2007. In addition, portable handheld video game
 devices have evolved from the 8-bit Nintendo Game Boy to the
 128-bit Nintendo DSi, which was introduced in 2009 and the Sony
 PlayStation Portable (the “PSP”), which was introduced
 in 2005. Technological developments in both chip processing
 speed and data storage have provided significant improvements in
 advanced graphics and audio quality, which allow software
 developers to create more advanced games, encourage existing
 players to upgrade their hardware platforms and attract new
 video game players to purchase an initial system. As general
 computer technology advances, we expect video game technology to
 make similar advances.

 • 

 Today’s Gaming Systems Provide Multiple Capabilities
 Beyond Gaming.  Most current hardware platforms,
 including the Sony PlayStation 2 and 3 and Microsoft Xbox and
 Xbox 360, utilize a DVD software format and have the potential
 to serve as multi-purpose entertainment centers by doubling as a
 player for DVD movies and compact discs. In addition, the Sony
 PlayStation 3 and PSP, the Nintendo DSi and Wii and Microsoft
 Xbox 360 all provide internet connectivity and the Sony
 PlayStation 3 plays Blu-ray discs.

 • 

 Backward Compatibility.  The Sony PlayStation
 3, the Nintendo DS and Wii and Microsoft Xbox 360 are, to some
 extent, backward compatible, meaning that titles produced for
 the earlier version of the hardware platform may be used on the
 new hardware platform. We believe that during the initial launch
 phase of next-generation platforms, backward compatibility
 results in more stable industry growth because the decrease in
 consumer demand for products associated with existing hardware
 platforms that typically precedes the release of next-generation
 hardware platforms is diminished.

 • 

 Introduction of Next-Generation Hardware Platforms Drives
 Software Demand.  Sales of video game software
 generally increase as next-generation platforms mature and gain
 wider acceptance. Historically, when a new platform is released,
 a limited number of compatible game titles are immediately
 available, but the selection grows rapidly as manufacturers and
 third-party publishers develop and release game titles for that
 new platform.

 • 

 Broadening Demographic Appeal.  While the
 typical electronic game enthusiast is male between the ages of
 14 and 49, the electronic game industry is broadening its
 appeal. More females are playing electronic video games, in part
 due to the development of video game products that appeal to
 them. According to ESA, approximately 40% of all electronic game
 players are female. ESA also states the average game player is
 35 years old and the average age of the most frequent game
 purchaser is 39; however, the video game market also includes
 approximately 25% of Americans over the age of 50. In addition,
 the availability of used video game products for sale has
 enabled a lower-economic demographic, that may not have been
 able to afford the considerably more expensive new video game
 products, to participate in the video game industry.

 Used Video Game Products.  As the installed
 base of video game hardware platforms has increased and new
 hardware platforms are introduced, a considerable market for
 used video game hardware and software has developed. Based on
 reports published by NPD Group, we believe that, as of December
 2009, the installed base of video game hardware systems in the
 United States, based on original sales, totaled over
 220 million units of handheld and console video game
 systems. Of the total installed base, 112 million was
 comprised of the current generation of video game platforms as
 follows: 11.1 million Sony PlayStation 3 units,
 27.1 million Nintendo Wii units, 18.6 million
 Microsoft Xbox 360 units, 16.8 million Sony PSP units
 and 38.6 million Nintendo DS units. The remainder of the
 installed base consists of legacy video game platforms,
 including Sony PlayStation 2, Microsoft Xbox, Nintendo’s
 GameCube and Game Boy Advance. According to IDG, the installed
 base of hardware systems as of December 2009 in Europe is
 approximately 133 million units. The Interactive
 Entertainment Association of Australia reported as of the end of
 2009, the installed base on the current video game platforms
 stood at 1.7 million Nintendo Wii units, 850,000 Microsoft
 Xbox 360 units, and 700,000 Sony PlayStation 3 units.
 Hardware manufacturers and third-party software publishers have
 produced a wide variety of software titles for each of these
 hardware platforms. Based on internal Company estimates, we
 believe that the installed base of video game software units in
 the United States currently exceeds 1.75 billion units. As
 the substantial installed base of video game hardware and
 software continues to expand, there is a growing demand for used
 video game products.

 PC Entertainment Software.  PC entertainment
 software is generally played on multimedia PCs featuring fast
 processors, expanded memories, and enhanced graphics and audio
 capabilities.

 4

Table of Contents

 Business
 and Growth Strategy

 Our goal is to continue to be the world’s largest retailer
 of new and used video game products and PC entertainment
 software and strengthen that position by executing the following
 strategies:

 Continuing to Execute our Proven Growth
 Strategies.  We intend to continue to execute our
 proven growth strategies, including:

 • 

 Open New Stores.  Because of the continued
 success of our new store performance over the past three years,
 we intend to continue opening new stores in our targeted
 markets. We opened 388 new stores in fiscal 2009. We opened 674
 new stores in fiscal 2008 and acquired 328 stores in France, a
 new market for us. On average, our new stores opened in the past
 three years have had a cash payback of less than two years. We
 plan to open approximately 400 new stores in the 52 weeks
 ending January 29, 2011 (“fiscal 2010”). Our
 primary growth vehicles will be the expansion of our strip
 center store base in the United States and the expansion of our
 international store base. Our strategy within the U.S. is
 to open strip center stores in targeted major metropolitan
 markets and in regional shopping centers in other markets. Our
 international strategy is to continue our expansion in Europe
 and the opening of new stores in advantageous markets and
 locations in Canada and Australia. We analyze each market
 relative to target population and other demographic indices,
 real estate availability, competitive factors and past operating
 history, if available. In some cases, these new stores may
 adversely impact sales at existing stores, but our goal is to
 minimize the impact.

 • 

 Increase Comparable Store Sales.  We plan to
 increase our comparable store sales by capitalizing on the
 growth in demand, expanding our sales of used video game
 products, increasing market share and awareness of the GameStop
 brand.

 • 

 Increase Sales of Used Video Game Products.  We
 believe we are the largest retailer of used video game products
 in the world and carry the broadest selection of used video game
 products for both current and previous generation platforms,
 giving us a unique advantage in the video game retail industry.
 The opportunity to trade in and purchase used video game
 products offers our customers a unique value proposition
 generally unavailable at most mass merchants, toy stores and
 consumer electronics retailers. We obtain most of our used video
 game products from trade-ins made in our stores by our
 customers. We will continue to expand the selection and
 availability of used video game products in our stores. Used
 video game products generate significantly higher gross margins
 than new video game products. Our strategy consists of
 increasing consumer awareness of the benefits of trading in and
 buying used video game products at our stores through increased
 marketing activities. We expect the continued growth of new
 platform technology to drive trade-ins of previous generation
 products, as well as trade-ins of next generation platform
 products, thereby expanding the supply of used video game
 products.

 • 

 Increase GameStop Brand
 Awareness.  Substantially all of GameStop’s
 U.S. and European stores are operated under the GameStop
 name, with the exception of the Micromania stores acquired in
 France. In 2007, GameStop introduced its new brand tagline
 “Power to the Players” and launched a television,
 radio and newspaper advertising campaign to increase awareness
 of the GameStop brand. Building the GameStop brand has enabled
 us to leverage brand awareness and to capture advertising and
 marketing efficiencies. Our branding strategy is further
 supported by the GameStop “Edge” loyalty card and our
 Web site. The “Edge” card, which is obtained as a
 bonus with a paid subscription to our 
Game Informer
 Magazine, offers customers discounts on selected merchandise
 in our stores. Our Web sites allow our customers to buy games
 online and to learn about the latest video game products and PC
 entertainment software and their availability in our stores. We
 intend to increase customer awareness of the GameStop brand. In
 connection with our brand-building efforts, in each of the last
 three fiscal years, we increased the amount of media advertising
 in targeted markets. In fiscal 2010, we plan to continue to
 increase media advertising to increase brand awareness over a
 broader demographic area, to expand our GameStop loyalty card
 program, to aggressively promote trade-ins of used video game
 products in our stores and to leverage our Web sites at

www.gamestop.com, 
www.ebgames.com.au,

www.gamestop.ca, 
www.gamestop.it, and

www.micromania.fr.

 5

Table of Contents

 • 

 Capitalize on Growth in Demand.  While sales of
 new video game hardware decreased from fiscal 2008 to fiscal
 2009, the customer base related to the new hardware platforms
 has expanded. Our sales of new video game software and used
 video game products grew by approximately 1% and 18%,
 respectively, in fiscal 2009 primarily due to new store growth,
 the acquisition of Micromania and the acceptance of used video
 game products internationally. Our sales of used video game
 products and new video game software grew by approximately 28%
 and 32%, respectively, in fiscal 2008 primarily due to new and
 acquired store growth.

 Targeting a Broad Audience of Game Players.  We
 have created a store environment targeting a broad audience,
 including the electronic game enthusiast, the casual gamer and
 the seasonal gift giver. Our stores focus on the electronic game
 enthusiast who demands the latest merchandise featuring the
 “hottest” technology immediately on the day of release
 and the value-oriented customer who wants a wide selection of
 value-priced used video game products. Our stores offer the
 opportunity to trade in used video game products in exchange for
 store credits applicable to future purchases, which, in turn,
 drives more sales.

 Enhancing our Image as a Destination
 Location.  Our stores serve as destination
 locations for game players and gift givers due to our broad
 selection of products, knowledgeable sales associates,
 game-oriented environment and unique pricing proposition. We
 offer all major video game platforms, provide a broad assortment
 of video game products and offer a larger and more current
 selection of merchandise than other retailers. We provide a high
 level of customer service by hiring game enthusiasts and
 providing them with ongoing sales training, as well as training
 in the latest technical and functional elements of our products
 and services, making them the most knowledgeable associates in
 the video game retail market. Our stores are equipped with
 several video game sampling areas, which provide our customers
 with the opportunity to play games before purchase, as well as
 equipment to play video game clips.

 Providing a
 First-to-Market
 Distribution Network.
  We employ a variety of
 rapid-response distribution methods in our efforts to be the

first-to-market
 for new video game products and PC entertainment software. This
 highly efficient distribution network is essential, as a
 significant portion of a new title’s sales will be
 generated in the first few days and weeks following its release.
 As the world’s largest retailer of video game products and
 PC entertainment software with a proven capability to distribute
 new releases to our customers quickly, we believe that we
 regularly receive a large allocation of popular new video game
 products and PC entertainment software. On a daily basis, we
 actively monitor sales trends, customer reservations and store
 manager feedback to ensure a high in-stock position for each
 store. To assist our customers in obtaining immediate access to
 new releases, we offer our customers the opportunity to
 pre-order products in our stores or through our Web sites prior
 to their release.

 Investing in our Information Systems and Distribution
 Capabilities.  We employ sophisticated and
 fully-integrated inventory management, store-level point of sale
 and financial systems and

state-of-the-art
 distribution facilities. These systems enable us to maximize the
 efficiency of the flow of over 4,500 SKUs, improve store
 efficiency, optimize store in-stock positions and carry a broad
 selection of inventory. Our proprietary inventory management
 systems enable us to maximize sales of new release titles and
 avoid markdowns as titles mature and utilize electronic

point-of-sale
 equipment that provides corporate and regional headquarters with
 daily information regarding store-level sales and available
 inventory levels to automatically generate replenishment
 shipments to each store at least twice a week. In addition, our
 highly-customized inventory management systems allow us to
 actively manage the pricing and product availability of our used
 video game products across our store base and to reallocate our
 inventory as necessary. Our systems enable each store to carry a
 merchandise assortment uniquely tailored to its own sales mix
 and customer needs. Our ability to react quickly to consumer
 purchasing trends has resulted in a target mix of inventory,
 reduced shipping and handling costs for overstocks and reduced
 our need to discount products.

 Expand our Digital Growth Strategy to Protect and Expand our
 Market Leadership Position.  We currently sell
 various types of products that relate to the digital category,
 including Xbox live, Playstation and Nintendo network point
 cards, as well as prepaid digital and online timecards and
 digitally downloaded software. We continue to make significant
 investments in

e-commerce,
 online game development, digital kiosks and in-store and Web
 site functionality to enable our customers to access digital
 content and eliminate friction in the digital sales and delivery
 process. We plan to continue to invest in these types of
 processes and channels to grow our digital sales base and

 6

Table of Contents

 enhance our market leadership position in the video game
 industry and in the digital aggregation and distribution
 category.

 Operating
 Segments

 We identified our four operating segments based on a combination
 of geographic areas, the methods with which we analyze
 performance and how we divide management responsibility. Segment
 results for the United States include retail operations in
 the 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto
 Rico, the electronic commerce Web site www.gamestop.com
 and 
Game Informer Magazine. Segment results for Canada
 include retail and

e-commerce
 operations in stores throughout Canada and segment results for
 Australia include retail and

e-commerce
 operations in Australia and New Zealand. Segment results for
 Europe include retail and

e-commerce
 operations in 13 European countries.

 Our U.S. segment is supported by distribution centers in
 Texas and Kentucky, and further supported by the use of
 third-party distribution centers for new release titles. We
 distribute merchandise to our Canadian segment from distribution
 centers in Ontario. We have a distribution center near Brisbane,
 Australia which supports our Australian operations and a small
 distribution facility in New Zealand which supports the stores
 in New Zealand. European segment operations are supported by six
 regionally-located distribution centers.

 All of our segments purchase products from many of the same
 vendors, including Sony Corporation (“Sony”) and
 Electronic Arts. Products from certain other vendors such as
 Microsoft and Nintendo are obtained either directly from the
 manufacturer or publisher or through distributors depending upon
 the particular market in which we operate.

 Additional information, including financial information,
 regarding our operating segments can be found in
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations” elsewhere in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and in Note 17 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements.”

 Merchandise

 Substantially all of our revenues are derived from the sale of
 tangible products. Our product offerings consist of new and used
 video game products, PC entertainment software, and related
 products, such as trading cards and strategy guides. Our
 in-store inventory generally consists of a constantly changing
 selection of over 4,500 SKUs. We have buying groups in each of
 our segments that negotiate terms, discounts and cooperative
 advertising allowances for the stores in their respective
 geographic areas. We use customer requests and feedback, advance
 orders, industry magazines and product reviews to determine
 which new releases are expected to be hits. Advance orders are
 tracked at individual stores to distribute titles and capture
 demand effectively. This merchandise management is essential
 because a significant portion of a game’s sales are usually
 generated in the first days and weeks following its release.

 Video Game Hardware.  We offer the video game
 platforms of all major manufacturers, including the Sony
 PlayStation 2 and 3 and PSP, Microsoft Xbox 360, the Nintendo
 Wii and DSi. We also offer extended service agreements on video
 game hardware and software. In support of our strategy to be the
 destination location for electronic game players, we
 aggressively promote the sale of video game platforms. Video
 game hardware sales are generally driven by the introduction of
 new platform technology and the reduction in price points as
 platforms mature. Due to our strong relationships with the
 manufacturers of these platforms, we often receive
 disproportionately large allocations of new release hardware
 products, which is an important component of our strategy to be
 the destination of choice for electronic game players. We
 believe that selling video game hardware increases store traffic
 and promotes customer loyalty, leading to increased sales of
 video game software and accessories, which have higher gross
 margins than video game hardware.

 Video Game Software.  We purchase new video
 game software from the leading manufacturers, including Sony,
 Nintendo and Microsoft, as well as over 40 third-party game
 publishers, such as Electronic Arts and Activision. We are one
 of the largest customers of video game titles sold by these
 publishers. We generally carry over 1,000 SKUs of new video game
 software at any given time across a variety of genres, including
 Sports, Action, Strategy, Adventure/Role Playing and Simulation.

 7

Table of Contents

 Used Video Game Products.  We believe we are
 the largest retailer of used video games in the world. We
 provide our customers with an opportunity to trade in their used
 video game products in our stores in exchange for store credits
 which can be applied towards the purchase of other products,
 primarily new merchandise. We have the largest selection
 (approximately 3,000 SKUs) of used video game titles which have
 an average price of $18 as compared to an average price of $43
 for new video game titles and which generate significantly
 higher gross margins than new video game products. Our trade-in
 program provides our customers with a unique value proposition
 which is generally unavailable at mass merchants, toy stores and
 consumer electronics retailers. This program provides us with an
 inventory of used video game products which we resell to our
 more value-oriented customers. In addition, our
 highly-customized inventory management system allows us to
 actively manage the pricing and product availability of our used
 video game products across our store base and to reallocate our
 inventory as necessary. Our trade-in program also allows us to
 be one of the only suppliers of previous generation platforms
 and related video games. We also operate refurbishment centers
 in the U.S., Canada, Australia and Europe where defective video
 game products can be tested, repaired, relabeled, repackaged and
 redistributed back to our stores.

 PC Entertainment and Other Software.  We
 purchase PC entertainment software from over 25 publishers,
 including Electronic Arts, Microsoft and Vivendi Universal. We
 offer PC entertainment software across a variety of genres,
 including Sports, Action, Strategy, Adventure/Role Playing and
 Simulation.

 Accessories and Other Products.  Video game
 accessories consist primarily of controllers, memory cards and
 other add-ons. We also carry strategy guides, magazines and
 trading cards. We carry over 300 SKUs of accessories and other
 products. In general, this category has higher margins than new
 video game and PC entertainment products.

 Store
 Operations

 As of January 30, 2010, we operated 6,450 stores, primarily
 under the GameStop name. We design our stores to provide an
 electronic gaming atmosphere with an engaging and visually
 captivating layout. Our stores are typically equipped with
 several video game sampling areas, which provide our customers
 the opportunity to play games before purchase, as well as
 equipment to play video game clips. We use store configuration,
 in-store signage and product demonstrations to produce marketing
 opportunities both for our vendors and for us.

 Our stores average approximately 1,400 square feet and
 carry a balanced mix of new and used video game products and PC
 entertainment software. Our stores are generally located in
 high-traffic “power strip centers,” local neighborhood
 strip centers, high-traffic shopping malls and pedestrian areas,
 primarily in major metropolitan areas. These locations provide
 easy access and high frequency of visits and, in the case of
 strip centers and high-traffic pedestrian stores, high
 visibility. We target strip centers that are conveniently
 located, have a mass merchant or supermarket anchor tenant and
 have a high volume of customers.

 Site
 Selection and Locations

 Site Selection.  Site selections for new stores
 are made after an extensive review of demographic data and other
 information relating to market potential, competitor access and
 visibility, compatible nearby tenants, accessible parking,
 location visibility, lease terms and the location of our other
 stores. Most of our stores are located in highly visible
 locations within malls and strip centers. In each of our
 geographic segments, we have a dedicated staff of real estate
 personnel experienced in selecting store locations.

 8

Table of Contents

 Locations.  The table below sets forth the
 number of our stores located in the U.S., Canada, Europe and
 Australia as of January 30, 2010:

 Number

 United States

 of Stores

 Alabama

 75

 Alaska

 7

 Arizona

 87

 Arkansas

 27

 California

 478

 Colorado

 62

 Connecticut

 64

 Delaware

 18

 District of Columbia

 3

 Florida

 313

 Georgia

 141

 Guam

 3

 Hawaii

 24

 Idaho

 12

 Illinois

 196

 Indiana

 83

 Iowa

 32

 Kansas

 37

 Kentucky

 64

 Louisiana

 68

 Maine

 13

 Maryland

 102

 Massachusetts

 100

 Michigan

 124

 Minnesota

 54

 Mississippi

 41

 Missouri

 73

 Montana

 9

 Nebraska

 22

 Nevada

 42

 New Hampshire

 27

 New Jersey

 166

 New Mexico

 25

 New York

 253

 North Carolina

 142

 North Dakota

 8

 Ohio

 191

 Oklahoma

 47

 Oregon

 32

 Pennsylvania

 212

 Puerto Rico

 46

 Rhode Island

 14

 9

Table of Contents

 Number

 United States

 of Stores

 South Carolina

 68

 South Dakota

 4

 Tennessee

 91

 Texas

 374

 Utah

 29

 Vermont

 6

 Virginia

 150

 Washington

 78

 West Virginia

 31

 Wisconsin

 53

 Wyoming

 8

 Sub-total
 for United States

 4,429

 Number

 International

 of Stores

 Canada

 337

 Australia

 350

 New Zealand

 38

 Sub-total
 for Australia

 388

 Austria

 22

 Denmark

 42

 Finland

 14

 France

 368

 Germany

 195

 Ireland

 50

 Italy

 328

 Norway

 56

 Portugal

 14

 Spain

 124

 Sweden

 58

 Switzerland

 18

 United Kingdom

 7

 Sub-total
 for Europe

 1,296

 Sub-total
 for International

 2,021

 Total stores

 6,450

 Game
 Informer

 We publish Game Informer Magazine, a monthly video game
 magazine featuring reviews of new title releases, tips and
 secrets about existing games and news regarding current
 developments in the electronic game industry. Versions of the
 magazine are sold through subscription and through displays in
 our stores throughout most of the world. 
Game Informer is
 the twelfth largest consumer publication in the U.S. and
 for its January 2010 issue, the magazine had approximately
 4.0 million paid subscriptions. 
Game Informer
 revenues are also generated through the sale of advertising
 space. In addition, we offer the GameStop loyalty card as a
 bonus with each paid subscription,

 10

Table of Contents

 providing our subscribers with a discount on selected
 merchandise. We also operate the Web site
 www.gameinformer.com, which is the premier destination
 for

moment-by-moment
 news, features and reviews related to video gaming. English
 version results from 
Game Informer operations are
 included in the United States segment where the majority of
 subscriptions and sales are generated. Other international
 version results from 
Game Informer operations are
 included in the segment in which the sales are generated.

 E-Commerce

 We operate several electronic commerce Web sites in various
 countries, including www.gamestop.com,

www.ebgames.com.au, 
www.gamestop.ca,

www.gamestop.it, and 
www.micromania.fr, that allow
 our customers to buy video game products and other merchandise
 online. The sites also offer customers information and content
 about available games, release dates for upcoming games, and
 access to store information, such as location and product
 availability. In 2005, we entered into an arrangement with
 Barnes & Noble under which 
www.gamestop.com
 became the exclusive specialty video game retailer listed on

www.bn.com, Barnes & Noble’s

e-commerce
 site.

E-commerce
 results are included in the geographic segment where the sales
 originate.

 Advertising

 Our stores are primarily located in high traffic, high
 visibility areas of regional shopping malls, strip centers and
 pedestrian shopping areas. Given the high foot traffic drawn
 past the stores themselves, we use in-store marketing efforts
 such as window displays and “coming soon” signs to
 attract customers, as well as to promote used video game
 products. Inside the stores, we feature selected products
 through the use of vendor displays, “coming soon” or
 preview videos, signs, catalogs,
 point-of-purchase
 materials and end-cap displays. These advertising efforts are
 designed to increase the initial sales of new titles upon their
 release.

 On a global basis, we receive cooperative advertising and market
 development funds from manufacturers, distributors, software
 publishers and accessory suppliers to promote their respective
 products. Generally, vendors agree to purchase advertising space
 in one of our advertising vehicles. Once we run the advertising,
 the vendor pays to us an agreed amount.

 In the last several years, as part of our brand-building efforts
 and targeted growth strategies, we expanded our advertising and
 promotional activities in certain targeted markets at certain
 key times of the year. In addition, we expanded our use of
 television and radio advertising in certain markets to promote
 brand awareness and store openings.

 Information
 Management

 Our operating strategy involves providing a broad merchandise
 selection to our customers as quickly and as cost-effectively as
 possible. We use our inventory management systems to maximize
 the efficiency of the flow of products to our stores, enhance
 store efficiency and optimize store in-stock and overall
 investment in inventory.

 Distribution.  We operate distribution
 facilities in various locations throughout the world, with each
 location strategically located to support the operations in a
 particular country or region. In order to enhance our

first-to-market
 distribution network, we also utilize the services of several
 off-site, third-party operated distribution centers that pick up
 products from our suppliers, repackage the products for each of
 our stores and ship those products to our stores by package
 carriers. Our ability to rapidly process incoming shipments of
 new release titles at our facilities and third-party facilities
 and deliver those shipments to all of our stores, either that
 day or by the next morning, enables us to meet peak demand and
 replenish stores. Inventory is shipped to each store at least
 twice a week, or daily, if necessary, in order to keep stores in
 supply of products. Our distribution facilities also typically
 support refurbishment of used products to be redistributed to
 our stores.

 We distribute products to our U.S. stores through a
 410,000 square foot distribution center in Grapevine, Texas
 and a 260,000 square foot distribution center in
 Louisville, Kentucky. We currently use the center in Louisville,
 Kentucky to support our
 first-to-market
 distribution efforts, while our Grapevine, Texas facility
 supports efforts to replenish stores. The

state-of-the-art
 facilities in both U.S. locations are designed to
 effectively control and minimize inventory levels.
 Technologically-advanced conveyor systems and flow-through racks
 control costs and

 11

Table of Contents

 improve speed of fulfillment in both facilities. The technology
 used in the distribution centers allows for high-volume
 receiving, distributions to stores and returns to vendors.

 We distribute merchandise to our Canadian segment from two
 distribution centers in Brampton, Ontario. We have a
 distribution center near Brisbane, Australia which supports our
 Australian operations and a small distribution facility in New
 Zealand which supports the stores in New Zealand. European
 segment operations are supported by six regionally-located
 distribution centers in Milan, Italy; Memmingen, Germany; Arlov,
 Sweden; Valencia, Spain; Dublin, Ireland; and Paris, France. We
 continue to invest in
 state-of-the-art
 facilities in our distribution centers as the distribution
 volume, number of stores supported and returns on such
 investments permit.

 Management Information Systems.  Our
 proprietary inventory management systems and

point-of-sale
 technology show daily sales and in-store stock by title by
 store. Our systems use this data to automatically generate
 replenishment shipments to each store from our distribution
 centers, enabling each store to carry a merchandise assortment
 uniquely tailored to its own sales mix and rate of sale. Our
 call lists and reservation system also provide our buying staff
 with information to determine order size and inventory
 management for

store-by-store
 inventory allocation. We constantly review and edit our
 merchandise categories with the objective of ensuring that
 inventory is

up-to-date
 and meets customer needs.

 To support most of our operations, we use a large-scale,
 Intel-based computing environment with a
 state-of-the-art
 storage area network and a wired and wireless corporate network
 installed at our U.S. and regional headquarters, and a
 secure, virtual private network to access and provide services
 to computing assets located in our stores, distribution centers
 and satellite offices and to our mobile workforce. This strategy
 has proven to minimize initial outlay of capital while allowing
 for flexibility and growth as operations expand. To support
 certain of our international operations, we use a mid-range,
 scalable computing environment and a

state-of-the-art
 storage area network. Computing assets and our mobile workforce
 around the globe access this environment via a secure, virtual
 private network. Regional communication links exist to each of
 our distribution centers and offices in international locations
 with connectivity to our U.S. data center as required by
 our international, distributed applications.

 Our in-store
 point-of-sale
 system enables us to efficiently manage in-store transactions.
 This proprietary

point-of-sale
 system has been enhanced to facilitate trade-in transactions,
 including automatic

look-up of
 trade-in prices and printing of machine-readable bar codes to
 facilitate in-store restocking of used video games. In addition,
 our central database of all used video game products allows us
 to actively manage the pricing and product availability of our
 used video game products across our store base and reallocate
 our used video game products as necessary.

 Field
 Management and Staff

 Each of our stores employs, on average, one manager, one
 assistant manager and between two and ten sales associates, many
 of whom are part-time employees. Each store manager is
 responsible for managing their personnel and the economic
 performance of their store. We have cultivated a work
 environment that attracts employees who are actively interested
 in electronic games. We seek to hire and retain employees who
 know and enjoy working with our products so that they are better
 able to assist customers. To encourage them to sell the full
 range of our products and to maximize our profitability, we
 provide our employees with targeted incentive programs to drive
 overall sales and sales of higher margin products. In certain
 locations, we also provide certain employees with the
 opportunity to take home and try new video games, which enables
 them to better discuss those games with our customers. In
 addition, employees are casually dressed to encourage customer
 access and increase the “game-oriented” focus of the
 stores.

 Our stores communicate with our corporate offices daily via
 e-mail. This

e-mail
 allows for better tracking of trends in upcoming titles,
 competitor strategies and in-stock inventory positions. In
 addition, this communication allows title selection in each
 store to be continuously updated and tailored to reflect the
 tastes and buying patterns of the store’s local market.
 These communications also give field management access to
 relevant inventory levels and loss prevention information. We
 have invested in significant management training programs for
 our store managers and our district managers to enhance their
 business management skills. We also sponsor annual store
 managers’ conferences at which we operate an intense
 educational training program to provide our employees with

 12

Table of Contents

 information about the video game products that will be released
 by publishers in the holiday season. All video game software
 publishers are invited to attend the conferences.

 GameStop’s U.S. store operations are managed by a
 centrally-located senior vice president of stores, three vice
 presidents of stores and 31 regional store operations directors.
 The regions are further divided into districts, each with a
 district manager covering an average of 14 stores. In total,
 there are approximately 305 districts. Our international
 operations are managed by a senior executive, with stores in
 Europe managed by a senior vice president, two vice presidents
 and managing directors in each country and our stores in
 Australia and Canada each managed by a vice president. We also
 employ regional loss prevention managers who assist the stores
 in implementing security measures to prevent theft of our
 products.

 Customer
 Service

 Our store personnel provide value-added services to each
 customer, such as maintaining lists of regular customers and
 reserving new releases for customers with a down payment to
 ensure product availability. In addition, our store personnel
 readily provide product reviews to ensure customers are making
 informed purchasing decisions and inform customers of available
 resources, including Game Informer, to increase a
 customer’s enjoyment of the product upon purchase.

 Vendors

 We purchase substantially all of our new products worldwide from
 approximately 75 manufacturers and software publishers and
 several distributors. Purchases from the top ten vendors
 accounted for approximately 85% of our new product purchases in
 fiscal 2009. Only Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, Electronic Arts and
 Activision (which accounted for 23%, 17%, 12%, 12%, and 11%,
 respectively) individually accounted for more than 10% of our
 new product purchases during fiscal 2009. We have established
 price protections and return privileges with our primary vendors
 in order to reduce our risk of inventory obsolescence. In
 addition, we have few purchase contracts with trade vendors and
 generally conduct business on an
 order-by-order
 basis, a practice that is typical throughout the industry. We
 believe that maintaining and strengthening our long-term
 relationships with our vendors is essential to our operations
 and continued expansion. We believe that we have very good
 relationships with our vendors.

 Competition

 The electronic game industry is intensely competitive and
 subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and frequent
 new product introductions. We compete with mass merchants and
 regional chains; computer product and consumer electronics
 stores; other video game and PC software specialty stores; toy
 retail chains; mail-order businesses; catalogs; direct sales by
 software publishers; and online retailers and game rental
 companies. In addition, video games are available for sale and
 rental from many video stores. Video game products are also
 distributed through other methods such as digital delivery. We
 also compete with sellers of used video game products.
 Additionally, we compete with other forms of entertainment
 activities, including movies, television, theater, sporting
 events, casual and mobile games and family entertainment centers.

 In the U.S., we compete with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
 (“Wal-Mart”); Target Corporation (“Target”);
 Best Buy Co., Inc. (“Best Buy”); Movie Gallery, Inc.
 (“Movie Gallery”); and Blockbuster, Inc.
 (“Blockbuster”). Competitors in Europe include Game
 Group plc (“Game Group”) and its subsidiaries, which
 operate in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Scandinavia, France,
 Spain and Portugal, and Media Markt and Carrefour, which operate
 throughout Europe, and other regional hypermarket chains.
 Competitors in Canada include Wal-Mart, Best Buy and its
 subsidiary Future Shop. In Australia, competitors include Game
 Group, K-Mart, Target and JB HiFi stores.

 Seasonality

 Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal, with the
 major portion of our sales and operating profit realized during
 the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling
 season. During fiscal 2009, we generated approximately 39% of
 our sales and approximately 55% of our operating earnings during
 the fourth quarter. During fiscal 2008, we generated
 approximately 40% of our sales and approximately 56% of our
 operating earnings during the fourth quarter.

 13

Table of Contents

 Trademarks

 We have a number of trademarks and servicemarks, including
 “GameStop,” “Game Informer,” “EB
 Games,” “Electronics Boutique” and “Power to
 the Players,” which have been registered by us with the
 United States Patent and Trademark Office. For many of our
 trademarks and servicemarks, including Micromania, we also have
 registered or have registrations pending with the trademark
 authorities throughout the world. We maintain a policy of
 pursuing registration of our principal marks and opposing any
 infringement of our marks.

 Employees

 We have approximately 17,000 full-time salaried and hourly
 employees and between 28,000 and 42,000 part-time hourly
 employees worldwide, depending on the time of year. Fluctuation
 in the number of part-time hourly employees is due to the
 seasonality of our business. We believe that our relationship
 with our employees is excellent. Some of our international
 employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, while
 none of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union
 or are members of a collective bargaining unit.

 Available
 Information

 We make available on our corporate Web site
 (www.gamestopcorp.com), under “Investor
 Relations — SEC Filings,” free of charge, our
 annual reports on

Form 10-K,
 quarterly reports on

Form 10-Q,
 current reports on

Form 8-K,
 and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably
 practicable after we electronically file or furnish such
 material with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (“SEC”). You may read and copy this information or
 obtain copies of this information by mail from the Public
 Reference Room of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E.,
 Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates. Further
 information on the operation of the SEC’s Public Reference
 Room in Washington, D.C. can be obtained by calling the SEC
 at

1-800-SEC-0330.
 The SEC also maintains a Web site that contains reports, proxy
 statements and other information about issuers, like GameStop,
 who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site
 is

http://www.sec.gov.

 In addition to copies of our annual reports on

Form 10-K,
 quarterly reports on

Form 10-Q,
 current reports on

Form 8-K,
 and amendments to those reports, the Company’s Code of
 Standards, Ethics and Conduct is available on our Web site under
 “Investor Relations — Corporate Governance”
 and is available to our stockholders in print, free of charge,
 upon written request to the Company’s Investor Relations
 Department at GameStop Corp., 625 Westport Parkway,
 Grapevine, Texas 76051.



 An investment in our Company involves a high degree of risk. You
 should carefully consider the risks below, together with the
 other information contained in this report, before you make an
 investment decision with respect to our Company. The risks
 described below are not the only ones facing our Company.
 Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we consider
 immaterial, may also impair our business operations. Any of the
 following risks could materially adversely affect our business,
 operating results or financial condition, and could cause a
 decline in the trading price of our common stock and the value
 of your investment.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 We
 depend upon our key personnel and they would be difficult to
 replace.

 Our success depends upon our ability to attract, motivate and
 retain key management for our stores and skilled merchandising,
 marketing, financial and administrative personnel at our
 headquarters. We depend upon the continued services of our key
 executive officers, Daniel A. DeMatteo, our Chief Executive
 Officer; R. Richard Fontaine, our Executive Chairman of the
 Board; J. Paul Raines, our Chief Operating Officer; and Tony D.
 Bartel, our Executive Vice President of Merchandising and
 Marketing. The loss of services of any of our key personnel
 could have a negative impact on our business.

 14

Table of Contents

 We
 depend upon the timely delivery of products.

 We depend on major hardware manufacturers, primarily Sony,
 Nintendo and Microsoft, to deliver new and existing video game
 platforms on a timely basis and in anticipated quantities. In
 addition, we depend on software publishers to introduce new and
 updated software titles. Any material delay in the introduction
 or delivery, or limited allocations, of hardware platforms or
 software titles could result in reduced sales in one or more
 fiscal quarters.

 We
 depend upon third parties to develop products and
 software.

 Our business depends upon the continued development of new and
 enhanced video game platforms, PC hardware and video game
 and PC entertainment software. Our business could suffer due to
 the failure of manufacturers to develop new or enhanced video
 game platforms, a decline in the continued technological
 development and use of multimedia PCs, or the failure of
 software publishers to develop popular game and entertainment
 titles for current or future generation video game systems or PC
 hardware.

 Our
 ability to obtain favorable terms from our suppliers may impact
 our financial results.

 Our financial results depend significantly upon the business
 terms we can obtain from our suppliers, including competitive
 prices, unsold product return policies, advertising and market
 development allowances, freight charges and payment terms. We
 purchase substantially all of our products directly from
 manufacturers, software publishers and, in some cases,
 distributors. Our largest vendors worldwide are Nintendo, Sony,
 Microsoft, Electronic Arts and Activision, which accounted for
 23%, 17%, 12%, 12% and 11%, respectively, of our new product
 purchases in fiscal 2009. If our suppliers do not provide us
 with favorable business terms, we may not be able to offer
 products to our customers at competitive prices.

 If our
 vendors fail to provide marketing and merchandising support at
 historical levels, our sales and earnings could be negatively
 impacted.

 The manufacturers of video game hardware and software and PC
 entertainment software have typically provided retailers with
 significant marketing and merchandising support for their
 products. As part of this support, we receive cooperative
 advertising and market development payments from these vendors.
 These cooperative advertising and market development payments
 enable us to actively promote and merchandise the products we
 sell and drive sales at our stores and on our Web site. We
 cannot assure you that vendors will continue to provide this
 support at historical levels. If they fail to do so, our sales
 and earnings could be negatively impacted.

 The
 electronic game industry is cyclical, which could cause
 significant fluctuation in our earnings.

 The electronic game industry has been cyclical in nature in
 response to the introduction and maturation of new technology.
 Following the introduction of new video game platforms, sales of
 these platforms and related software and accessories generally
 increase due to initial demand, while sales of older platforms
 and related products generally decrease as customers migrate
 toward the new platforms. New video game platforms have
 historically been introduced approximately every five years. If
 video game platform manufacturers fail to develop new hardware
 platforms, our sales of video game products could decline.

 Pressure
 from our competitors may force us to reduce our prices or
 increase spending, which could decrease our
 profitability.

 The electronic game industry is intensely competitive and
 subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and frequent
 new product introductions. We compete with mass merchants and
 regional chains, including Wal-Mart and Target; computer product
 and consumer electronics stores, including Best Buy; other
 U.S. and international video game and PC software specialty
 stores located in malls and other locations, such as Game Group,
 Carrefour and Media Markt; toy retail chains; mail-order
 businesses; catalogs; direct sales by software publishers; and
 online retailers and game rental companies. In addition, video
 games are available for sale and rental from many video stores,
 such as Movie Gallery and Blockbuster. Video game products and
 content may also be distributed through methods such as digital
 distribution and other methods which may emerge in the future.
 We also compete with an

 15

Table of Contents

 increasing number of sellers of used video game products. Some
 of our competitors in the electronic game industry have longer
 operating histories and may have greater financial resources
 than we do. Additionally, we compete with other forms of
 entertainment activities, including movies, television, theater,
 sporting events, casual and mobile games and family
 entertainment centers. If we lose customers to our competitors,
 or if we reduce our prices or increase our spending to maintain
 our customers, we may be less profitable.

 International
 events could delay or prevent the delivery of products to our
 suppliers.

 Our suppliers rely on foreign sources, primarily in Asia, to
 manufacture a portion of the products we purchase from them. As
 a result, any event causing a disruption of imports, including
 the imposition of import restrictions or trade restrictions in
 the form of tariffs or quotas, could increase the cost and
 reduce the supply of products available to us, which could lower
 our sales and profitability.

 Our
 international operations expose us to numerous
 risks.

 We have international retail operations in Australia, Canada and
 Europe. Because release schedules for hardware and software
 introduction in these markets often differ from release
 schedules in the United States, the timing of increases and
 decreases in foreign sales may differ from the timing of
 increases and decreases in domestic sales. We are also subject
 to a number of other factors that may affect our current or
 future international operations. These include:

 • 

 economic downturns;

 • 

 currency exchange rate fluctuations;

 • 

 international incidents;

 • 

 government instability; and

 • 

 competitors entering our current and potential markets.

 There
 may be possible changes in our global tax rate.

 As a result of our operations in many foreign countries, our
 global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax
 rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate.
 Depending upon the sources of our income, any agreements we may
 have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and the
 tax filing positions we take in various jurisdictions, our
 overall tax rate may be higher than other companies or higher
 than our tax rates have been in the past. We base our estimate
 of an annual effective tax rate at any given point in time on a
 calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our Company and to
 estimates of the amount of income to be derived in any given
 jurisdiction. A change in the mix of our business from year to
 year and from country to country, changes in rules related to
 accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the
 multiple jurisdictions in which we operate or adverse outcomes
 from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any
 jurisdiction in which we operate could result in an unfavorable
 change in our overall tax rate, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

 If we
 are unable to renew or enter into new leases on favorable terms,
 our revenue growth may decline.

 All of our retail stores are located in leased premises. If the
 cost of leasing existing stores increases, we cannot assure you
 that we will be able to maintain our existing store locations as
 leases expire. In addition, we may not be able to enter into new
 leases on favorable terms or at all, or we may not be able to
 locate suitable alternative sites or additional sites for new
 store expansion in a timely manner. Our revenues and earnings
 may decline if we fail to maintain existing store locations,
 enter into new leases, locate alternative sites or find
 additional sites for new store expansion.

 16

Table of Contents

 Restrictions
 on our ability to take trade-ins of and sell used video game
 products could negatively affect our financial condition and
 results of operations.

 Our financial results depend on our ability to take trade-ins
 of, and sell, used video game products within our stores.
 Actions by manufacturers or publishers of video game products or
 governmental authorities to limit our ability to take trade-ins
 or sell used video game products could have a negative impact on
 our sales and earnings.

 If we
 fail to keep pace with changing industry technology, we will be
 at a competitive disadvantage.

 The interactive entertainment industry is characterized by
 swiftly changing technology, evolving industry standards,
 frequent new and enhanced product introductions and product
 obsolescence. These characteristics require us to respond
 quickly to technological changes and to understand their impact
 on our customers’ preferences. If we fail to keep pace with
 these changes, our business may suffer.

 Technological
 advances in the delivery and types of video games and PC
 entertainment software, as well as changes in consumer behavior
 related to these new technologies, could lower our
 sales.

 While it is currently only possible to download a limited amount
 of video game content to the next generation video game systems,
 at some point in the future this technology may become more
 prevalent. If advances in technology continue to expand our
 customers’ ability to access the current format of video
 games, PC entertainment software and incremental content for
 their games, as well as new types of browser and casual games
 through these and other sources, our customers may no longer
 choose to purchase video games or PC entertainment software in
 our stores. As a result, sales and earnings could decline. While
 the Company is currently pursuing various strategies to
 integrate these new delivery methods and competing content into
 the Company’s business model, we can provide no assurances
 that they will be successful or profitable.

 An
 adverse trend in sales during the holiday selling season could
 impact our financial results.

 Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal, with the
 major portion of our sales and operating profit realized during
 the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling
 season. During fiscal 2009, we generated approximately 39% of
 our sales and approximately 55% of our operating earnings during
 the fourth quarter. Any adverse trend in sales during the
 holiday selling season could lower our results of operations for
 the fourth quarter and the entire fiscal year.

 Our
 results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter,
 which could affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

 Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter
 depending upon several factors, some of which are beyond our
 control. These factors include:

 • 

 the timing and allocations of new product releases;

 • 

 the timing of new store openings;

 • 

 shifts in the timing of certain promotions; and

 • 

 changes in foreign currency exchange rates.

 These and other factors could affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations, and this makes the
 prediction of our financial results on a quarterly basis
 difficult. Also, it is possible that our quarterly financial
 results may be below the expectations of public market analysts.

 Failure
 to effectively manage our new store openings could lower our
 sales and profitability.

 Our growth strategy is largely dependent upon opening new stores
 and operating them profitably. We opened 388 stores in fiscal
 2009 and expect to open approximately 400 new stores in fiscal
 2010. Our ability to open new

 17

Table of Contents

 stores and operate them profitably depends upon a number of
 factors, some of which may be beyond our control. These factors
 include:

 • 

 the ability to identify new store locations, negotiate suitable
 leases and build out the stores in a timely and cost efficient
 manner;

 • 

 the ability to hire and train skilled associates;

 • 

 the ability to integrate new stores into our existing
 operations; and

 • 

 the ability to increase sales at new store locations.

 Our growth will also depend on our ability to process increased
 merchandise volume resulting from new store openings through our
 inventory management systems and distribution facilities in a
 timely manner. If we fail to manage new store openings in a
 timely and cost efficient manner, our growth may decrease.

 If our management information systems fail to perform or
 are inadequate, our ability to manage our business could be
 disrupted.

 We rely on computerized inventory and management systems to
 coordinate and manage the activities in our distribution
 centers, as well as to communicate distribution information to
 the off-site, third-party operated distribution centers with
 which we work. The third-party distribution centers pick up
 products from our suppliers, repackage the products for each of
 our stores and ship those products to our stores by package
 carriers. We use inventory replenishment systems to track sales
 and inventory. Our ability to rapidly process incoming shipments
 of new release titles and deliver them to all of our stores,
 either that day or by the next morning, enables us to meet peak
 demand and replenish stores at least twice a week, to keep our
 stores in stock at optimum levels and to move inventory
 efficiently. If our inventory or management information systems
 fail to adequately perform these functions, our business could
 be adversely affected. In addition, if operations in any of our
 distribution centers were to shut down or be disrupted for a
 prolonged period of time or if these centers were unable to
 accommodate the continued store growth in a particular region,
 our business could suffer.

 We may
 engage in acquisitions which could negatively impact our
 business if we fail to successfully complete and integrate
 them.

 To enhance our efforts to grow and compete, we may engage in
 acquisitions. Our plans to pursue future acquisitions are
 subject to our ability to identify potential acquisition
 candidates and negotiate favorable terms for these acquisitions.
 Accordingly, we cannot assure you that future acquisitions will
 be completed. In addition, to facilitate future acquisitions, we
 may take actions that could dilute the equity interests of our
 stockholders, increase our debt or cause us to assume contingent
 liabilities, all of which may have a detrimental effect on the
 price of our common stock. Finally, if any acquisitions are not
 successfully integrated with our business, our ongoing
 operations could be adversely affected.

 Litigation
 and litigation results could negatively impact our future
 financial condition and results of operations.

 In the ordinary course of our business, the Company is, from
 time to time, subject to various litigation and legal
 proceedings. In the future, the costs or results of such legal
 proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could have a
 negative impact on the Company’s results of operations or
 financial condition.

 Legislative
 actions may cause our general and administrative expenses or
 income tax expense to increase and impact our future financial
 condition and results of operations.

 In order to comply with laws adopted by the U.S. government
 or other regulatory bodies, we may be required to increase our
 expenditures and hire additional personnel and additional
 outside legal, accounting and advisory services, all of which
 may cause our general and administrative costs or income tax
 expenses to increase. Changes in the accounting rules could
 materially increase the expenses that we report under
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 (“GAAP”) and adversely affect our operating results.

 18

Table of Contents

 Risks
 Relating to Our Indebtedness

 To
 service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount
 of cash, the availability of which depends on many factors
 beyond our control.

 Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt
 obligations depends on our financial and operating performance,
 which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive
 conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors
 beyond our control. These factors include:

 • 

 our reliance on suppliers and vendors for sufficient quantities
 of their products and new product releases and our ability to
 obtain favorable terms from these suppliers and vendors;

 • 

 economic conditions affecting the electronic game industry, the
 retail industry and the banking and financial services industry;

 • 

 the highly competitive environment in the electronic game
 industry and the resulting pressure from our competitors
 potentially forcing us to reduce our prices or increase spending;

 • 

 our ability to open and operate new stores;

 • 

 our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; and

 • 

 our dependence upon software publishers to develop popular game
 and entertainment titles for video game systems and PCs.

 If our financial condition or operating results materially
 deteriorate, our relations with our creditors, including holders
 of our senior notes, the lenders under our senior credit
 facility and our suppliers, may be materially and adversely
 impacted.

 We
 have significant debt that could adversely impact cash
 availability for growth and operations and may increase our
 vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry
 conditions.

 As of January 30, 2010, we had approximately
 $447 million of indebtedness. Our debt service obligations
 with respect to this indebtedness could have an adverse impact
 on our earnings and cash flows for as long as the indebtedness
 is outstanding.

 Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including
 the following:

 • 

 our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate purposes
 may be impaired;

 • 

 we may use a portion of our cash flow from operations to make
 debt service payments on the senior notes and our senior credit
 facility, which will reduce the funds available to us for other
 purposes such as potential acquisitions and capital expenditures;

 • 

 we may have a higher level of indebtedness than some of our
 competitors, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage and
 reduce our flexibility in planning for, or responding to,
 changing conditions in our industry, including increased
 competition; and

 • 

 we may be more vulnerable to general economic downturns and
 adverse developments in our business.

 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund
 our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or
 delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital
 or restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the
 senior notes. These alternative measures may not be successful
 and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service
 obligations. Our senior credit facility and the indenture
 governing the senior notes restrict our ability to dispose of
 assets and use the proceeds from such dispositions. We may not
 be able to consummate those dispositions, dispose of our assets
 at prices that we believe are fair or use the proceeds from
 asset sales to make payments on the notes and these proceeds may
 not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.

 19

Table of Contents

 Because
 of our floating rate credit facility, we may be adversely
 affected by interest rate changes.

 Our financial position may be affected by fluctuations in
 interest rates, as our senior credit facility is subject to
 floating interest rates.

 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including
 governmental monetary policies, domestic and international
 economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our
 control. If we were to borrow against our senior credit
 facility, a significant increase in interest rates could have an
 adverse effect on our financial position and results of
 operations.

 Our
 operations are substantially restricted by the indenture
 governing the senior notes and the terms of our senior credit
 facility.

 The indenture for the senior notes imposes, and the terms of any
 future debt may impose, significant operating and financial
 restrictions on us. These restrictions, among other things,
 limit the ability of the issuers of the senior notes and of
 GameStop’s restricted subsidiaries to:

 • 

 incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness or
 guaranty obligations;

 • 

 incur liens or agree to negative pledges in other agreements;

 • 

 engage in sale and leaseback transactions;

 • 

 make loans and investments;

 • 

 declare dividends, make payments or redeem or repurchase capital
 stock;

 • 

 engage in mergers, acquisitions and other business combinations;

 • 

 prepay, redeem or purchase certain indebtedness;

 • 

 amend or otherwise alter the terms of our organizational
 documents and our indebtedness, including the senior notes;

 • 

 sell assets; and

 • 

 engage in transactions with affiliates.

 We cannot assure you that these covenants will not adversely
 affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital
 needs or to pursue available business opportunities.

 The senior credit facility contains various restrictive
 covenants prohibiting us, in certain circumstances, from, among
 other things, prepaying, redeeming or purchasing certain
 indebtedness.

 Despite
 current anticipated indebtedness levels and restrictive
 covenants, we may incur additional indebtedness in the
 future.

 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may be able to
 incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future,
 including additional secured indebtedness. Although the terms of
 the indenture governing the senior notes and our senior credit
 facility restrict the issuers of the senior notes and
 GameStop’s restricted subsidiaries from incurring
 additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to
 important exceptions and qualifications. If we incur additional
 indebtedness, the risks that we now face as a result of our
 leverage could intensify.