.”

 In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by
 the use of terms such as “anticipates,”
 “believes,” “continues,” “could,”
 “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,”
 “may,” “plans,” “potential,”
 “predicts,” “will,” “should,”
 “seeks,” “pro forma” or similar expressions.
 These statements are only predictions based on current
 expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown
 risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our
 industry’s actual results, levels of activity, performance
 or achievements to be materially different from any future
 results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
 expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. You
 should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
 statements.

 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in our
 forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee
 future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any
 forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
 information, future events or otherwise after the date of this
 Form 10-K.
 In light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward-looking
 events and circumstances contained in this

Form 10-K
 may not occur, causing actual results to differ materially from
 those anticipated or implied by our forward-looking statements.

 Industry
 Background

 Based upon estimates compiled by various market research firms,
 management estimates that the combined market for video game
 products and PC entertainment software exceeded $36 billion
 in 2007 in the countries in which we operate. According to NPD
 Group, Inc., a market research firm (“the NPD Group”),
 the electronic game industry was an approximately
 $18.6 billion market in the United States in 2007. Of this
 $18.6 billion market, approximately $17.7 billion was
 attributable to video game products, excluding sales of used
 video game products, and approximately $910 million was
 attributable to PC entertainment software. International
 Development Group,

 3

Table of Contents

 a market research firm, estimates that retail sales of video
 game hardware and software and PC entertainment software totaled
 approximately $15.6 billion in Europe in 2007. The NPD
 Group has reported that video game retail sales in Canada were
 approximately $1.5 billion in 2007. According to the
 independent market research group GfK, the Australian market for
 video game products was approximately $1.1 billion in 2007.

 New Video Game Products.  The Entertainment
 Software Association, or ESA, estimates that 67% of all American
 heads of households play video or computer games. We expect the
 following trends to result in increased sales of video game
 products:

 • 

 Hardware Platform Technology Evolution.  Video
 game hardware has evolved significantly from the early products
 launched in the 1980s. The processing speed of video game
 hardware has increased from 8-bit speeds in the 1980s to high
 speed processors in next-generation systems, such as the Sony
 PlayStation 3 launched in November 2006 in North America and the
 first quarter of fiscal 2007 in Australia and Europe, the
 Nintendo Wii launched in November 2006 worldwide, and Microsoft
 Xbox 360, launched in the fourth quarter of 2005 in North
 America and Europe and the first quarter of 2006 in Australia.
 In addition, portable handheld video game devices have evolved
 from the 8-bit Nintendo Game Boy to the 128-bit Nintendo DS,
 which was introduced in November 2004 in North America and the
 first quarter of 2005 in Australia and Europe, and the Sony
 PlayStation Portable (the “PSP”), which was introduced
 in March 2005 in North America and September 2005 in Australia
 and Europe. Technological developments in both chip processing
 speed and data storage have provided significant improvements in
 advanced graphics and audio quality, which allow software
 developers to create more advanced games, encourage existing
 players to upgrade their hardware platforms and attract new
 video game players to purchase an initial system. As general
 computer technology advances, we expect video game technology to
 make similar advances.

 • 

 Next-Generation Systems Provide Multiple Capabilities Beyond
 Gaming.  Many next-generation hardware platforms,
 including the Sony PlayStation 2 and 3 and Microsoft Xbox and
 Xbox 360, utilize a DVD software format and have the potential
 to serve as multi-purpose entertainment centers by doubling as a
 player for DVD movies and compact discs. In addition, the Sony
 PlayStation 3 and PSP, the Nintendo DS and Wii and Microsoft
 Xbox 360 all provide internet connectivity and the Sony
 PlayStation 3 plays Blu-ray discs.

 • 

 Backward Compatibility.  The Sony PlayStation 2
 and 3, the Nintendo DS and Wii and Microsoft Xbox 360 are, to
 some extent, backward compatible, meaning that titles produced
 for the earlier version of the hardware platform may be used on
 the new hardware platform. We believe that during the initial
 launch phase of next-generation platforms, backward
 compatibility results in more stable industry growth because the
 decrease in consumer demand for products associated with
 existing hardware platforms that typically precedes the release
 of next-generation hardware platforms is diminished.

 • 

 Introduction of Next-Generation Hardware Platforms Drives
 Software Demand.  Sales of video game software
 generally increase as next-generation platforms mature and gain
 wider acceptance. Historically, when a new platform is released,
 a limited number of compatible game titles are immediately
 available, but the selection grows rapidly as manufacturers and
 third-party publishers develop and release game titles for that
 new platform.

 • 

 Broadening Demographic Appeal.  While the
 typical electronic game enthusiast is male between the ages of
 14 and 35, the electronic game industry is broadening its
 appeal. More females are playing electronic video games, in part
 due to the development of video game products that appeal to
 them. According to ESA, approximately 38% of all electronic game
 players are female. ESA also states that 36% of parents say they
 play computer and video games and that 80% of gamer parents play
 video games with their kids. According to ESA, the average game
 player is 33 years old; however, the video game market also
 includes approximately 24% of Americans over the age of 50. In
 addition, the availability of used video game products for sale
 has enabled a lower-economic demographic, that may not have been
 able to afford the considerably more expensive new video game
 products, to participate in the video game industry.

 Used Video Game Products.  As the installed
 base of video game hardware platforms has increased and new
 hardware platforms are introduced, a considerable market for
 used video game hardware and software has

 4

Table of Contents

 developed. Based on reports published by NPD Group, we believe
 that, as of December 2006, the installed base of video game
 hardware systems in the United States, based on original sales,
 totaled over 150 million units of recent generation
 technology, including approximately 3.2 million Sony
 PlayStation 3 units, 7.3 million Nintendo Wii units,
 9.1 million Microsoft Xbox 360 units,
 10.5 million Sony PSP units, 41 million Sony
 PlayStation 2 units, 14 million Microsoft Xbox units,
 12 million Nintendo GameCube units, 17.5 million
 Nintendo DS units and 36 million Game Boy Advance SP and
 Game Boy Advance units. Hardware manufacturers and third-party
 software publishers have produced a wide variety of software
 titles for each of these hardware platforms. Based on internal
 company estimates, we believe that the installed base of video
 game software units in the United States exceeds
 1.2 billion units. According to the International
 Development Group, the installed base of hardware systems in
 Europe is approximately 101 million units. As the
 substantial installed base of video game hardware and software
 continues to grow, there is a growing demand for used video game
 products.

 PC Entertainment Software.  PC entertainment
 software is generally sold in the form of CD-ROMs and played on
 multimedia PCs featuring fast processors, expanded memories, and
 enhanced graphics and audio capabilities.

 Business
 Strategy

 Our goal is to strengthen our position as the world’s
 largest retailer of new and used video game products and PC
 entertainment software by focusing on the following strategies:

 Continuing to Execute Our Proven Growth
 Strategies.  We intend to continue to execute our
 proven growth strategies, including:

 • 

 Continuing to open new stores in our domestic and international
 target markets; and

 • 

 Increasing our comparable store sales and operating earnings by
 capitalizing on industry growth and increasing sales of used
 video game products.

 Targeting a Broad Audience of Game Players.  We
 have created a store environment targeting a broad audience
 including the electronic game enthusiast, the casual gamer and
 the seasonal gift giver. Our stores focus on the electronic game
 enthusiast who demands the latest merchandise featuring the
 “hottest” technology immediately on the day of release
 and the value-oriented customer who wants a wide selection of
 value-priced used video game products. Our stores offer the
 opportunity to trade in used video game products in exchange for
 store credits applicable to future purchases, which, in turn,
 drives more sales.

 Enhancing our Image as a Destination
 Location.  Our stores serve as destination
 locations for game players and gift givers due to our broad
 selection of products, knowledgeable sales associates,
 game-oriented environment and unique pricing proposition. We
 offer all major video game platforms, provide a broad assortment
 of video game products and offer a larger and more current
 selection of merchandise than other retailers. We provide a high
 level of customer service by hiring game enthusiasts and
 providing them with ongoing sales training, as well as training
 in the latest technical and functional elements of our products
 and services. Our stores are equipped with several video game
 sampling areas, which provide our customers the opportunity to
 play games before purchase, as well as equipment to play video
 game clips.

 Offering the Largest Selection of Used Video Game
 Products.  We believe we are the largest retailer
 of used video games in the world and carry the broadest
 selection of used video game products for both current and
 previous generation platforms. We are one of the only retailers
 that provides video game software for previous generation
 platforms, giving us a unique advantage in the video game retail
 industry. The opportunity to trade in and purchase used video
 game products offers our customers a unique value proposition
 generally unavailable at most mass merchants, toy stores and
 consumer electronics retailers. We obtain most of our used video
 game products from trade-ins made in our stores by our
 customers. Used video game products generate significantly
 higher gross margins than new video game products.

 Building the GameStop Brand.  Substantially all
 of GameStop’s U.S. and European stores are operated under
 the GameStop name, including stores acquired from EB. Building
 the GameStop brand has enabled us to leverage brand awareness
 and to capture advertising and marketing efficiencies. Our
 branding strategy is further supported

 5

Table of Contents

 by the GameStop “Edge” loyalty card and our website.
 The GameStop loyalty card, which is obtained as a bonus with a
 paid subscription to our Game Informer magazine, offers
 customers discounts on selected merchandise in our stores. Our
 websites allow our customers to buy games on-line and to learn
 about the latest video game products and PC entertainment
 software and their availability in our stores. In 2007, GameStop
 introduced its new brand tagline “Power to the
 Players” and launched a T.V., radio and newspaper
 advertising campaign to increase brand awareness of the GameStop
 brand.

 Providing a First-to-Market Distribution
 Network.  We employ a variety of rapid-response
 distribution methods in our efforts to be the first-to-market
 for new video game products and PC entertainment software. We
 strive to deliver popular new releases to selected stores within
 hours of release and to all of our stores by the next morning.
 This highly efficient distribution network is essential, as a
 significant portion of a new title’s sales will be
 generated in the first few days and weeks following its release.
 As the world’s largest retailer of video game products and
 PC entertainment software with a proven capability to distribute
 new releases to our customers quickly, we believe that we
 regularly receive a large allocation of popular new video game
 products and PC entertainment software. On a daily basis, we
 actively monitor sales trends, customer reservations and store
 manager feedback to ensure a high in-stock position for each
 store. To assist our customers in obtaining immediate access to
 new releases, we offer our customers the opportunity to
 pre-order products in our stores or through our website prior to
 their release.

 Investing in our Information Systems and Distribution
 Capabilities.  We employ sophisticated and
 fully-integrated inventory management, store-level point of sale
 and financial systems and state-of-the-art distribution
 facilities. These systems enable us to maximize the efficiency
 of the flow of over 4,500 SKUs, improve store efficiency,
 optimize store in-stock positions and carry a broad selection of
 inventory. Our proprietary inventory management system enables
 us to maximize sales of new release titles and avoid markdowns
 as titles mature and utilizes electronic point-of-sale equipment
 that provides corporate headquarters with daily information
 regarding store-level sales and available inventory levels to
 automatically generate replenishment shipments to each store at
 least twice a week. In addition, our highly-customized inventory
 management system allows us to actively manage the pricing and
 product availability of our used video game products across our
 store base and to reallocate our inventory as necessary. Our
 systems enable each store to carry a merchandise assortment
 uniquely tailored to its own sales mix and customer needs. Our
 ability to react quickly to consumer purchasing trends has
 resulted in a target mix of inventory, reduced shipping and
 handling costs for overstocks and reduced our need to discount
 products.

 Growth
 Strategy

 Open New Stores.  We intend to continue to open
 new stores in our targeted markets. We opened 586 new stores in
 the 52 weeks ended February 2, 2008 (“fiscal
 2007”) and 421 new stores in the 53 weeks ended
 February 3, 2007 (“fiscal 2006”). We plan to open
 approximately 575 to 600 new stores in the 52 weeks ending
 January 31, 2009 (“fiscal 2008”). Our primary
 growth vehicles will be the expansion of our strip center store
 base in the United States and the expansion of our international
 store base. Our strategy within the U.S. is to open strip
 center stores in targeted major metropolitan markets and in
 regional shopping centers in other markets. Our international
 strategy is to continue our expansion in Europe and the opening
 of new stores in advantageous markets and locations in Canada
 and Australia. We analyze each market relative to target
 population and other demographic indices, real estate
 availability, competitive factors and past operating history, if
 available. In some cases, these new stores may adversely impact
 sales at existing stores, but our goal is to minimize the impact.

 Increase Comparable Store Sales.  We plan to
 increase our comparable store sales by capitalizing on the
 growth in the video game industry, expanding our sales of used
 video game products and increasing awareness of the GameStop
 brand.

 • 

 Capitalize on Growth in Demand.  Our sales of
 new video game hardware, new video game software and used video
 game products grew by approximately 113%, 62% and 63%,
 respectively, in fiscal 2006 primarily due to the merger with EB
 and by 55%, 39% and 21%, respectively, in fiscal 2007, due
 primarily to new store growth and the increase in comparable
 store sales. In fiscal 2007, our comparable store sales
 increased 24.7%, driven in large measure by the continued
 popularity of the Nintendo Wii following its

 6

Table of Contents

 worldwide launch in November 2006, the launch of the Sony
 PlayStation 3 in Australia and Europe in March 2007 and the
 release of several strong software titles in the fall of 2007,
 including Halo 3 by Microsoft, 
Guitar Hero III
 and 
Call of Duty 4 by Activision, Inc. and 
Rock
 Band by Electronic Arts, Inc. In addition, Microsoft Xbox
 360 and Nintendo DS hardware, software and accessories continued
 their strong sales trend. During fiscal 2006, despite facing
 limited supplies of the newly launched Sony PlayStation 3 and
 Nintendo Wii, we capitalized on the demand for these new video
 game systems and the related video game software and accessories
 that followed these launches. Over the next few years, we expect
 to continue to capitalize on the increasing installed base for
 these latest generation platforms and the related growth in
 video game software and accessories sales.

 • 

 Increase Sales of Used Video Game Products.  We
 will continue to expand the selection and availability of used
 video game products in our stores. Our strategy consists of
 increasing consumer awareness of the benefits of trading in and
 buying used video game products at our stores through increased
 marketing activities. We expect the continued growth of new
 platform technology to drive trade-ins of previous generation
 products, as well as next generation platforms, thereby
 expanding the supply of used video game products.

 • 

 Increase GameStop Brand Awareness.  We intend
 to increase customer awareness of the GameStop brand. In
 connection with our brand-building efforts, in each of the last
 three fiscal years, we increased the amount of media advertising
 in targeted markets. In fiscal 2008, we plan to continue to
 increase media advertising to increase brand awareness over a
 broader demographic area, to expand our GameStop loyalty card
 program, to aggressively promote trade-ins of used video game
 products in our stores and to leverage our websites at

www.gamestop.com and 
www.ebgames.com.

 Operating
 Segments

 We identified our four operating segments based on a combination
 of geographic areas, the methods with which we analyze
 performance and the division of management responsibility.
 Segment results for the United States include retail operations
 in the 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto
 Rico, the electronic commerce websites www.gamestop.com
 and 
www.ebgames.com and 
Game Informer magazine.
 Segment results for Canada include retail operations in stores
 throughout Canada and segment results for Australia include
 retail operations in Australia and New Zealand. Segment results
 for Europe include retail operations in 12 European countries.

 Our U.S. segment is supported by distribution centers in
 Texas and Kentucky, and further supported through the use of
 third-party distribution centers for new release titles. We
 distribute merchandise to our Canadian segment from a
 distribution center in Ontario. We have a distribution center
 near Brisbane, Australia which supports our Australian
 operations and a small distribution facility in New Zealand
 which supports the stores in New Zealand. European segment
 operations are supported by five regionally-located distribution
 centers.

 Our international segments purchase products from many of the
 same vendors as the U.S., including Sony and Electronic Arts.
 Products from certain other vendors such as Microsoft and
 Nintendo are obtained through distributors operating in the
 various countries in which we operate.

 Additional information, including financial information,
 regarding our operating segments can be found in
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations” elsewhere in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and in Note 17 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial
 Statements.”

 Merchandise

 Substantially all of our revenues are derived from the sale of
 tangible products. Our product offerings consist of new and used
 video game products, PC entertainment software, and related
 products, such as trading cards and strategy guides. Our
 in-store inventory generally consists of a constantly changing
 selection of over 4,500 SKUs. We have buying groups in the U.S.,
 Canada, Australia and Europe that negotiate terms, discounts and
 cooperative advertising allowances for the stores in their
 respective geographic areas. We use customer requests and
 feedback, advance orders, industry magazines and product reviews
 to determine which new releases are expected to be hits. Advance
 orders are tracked at individual stores to distribute titles and
 capture demand effectively. This merchandise

 7

Table of Contents

 management is essential because a significant portion of a
 game’s sales are usually generated in the first days and
 weeks following its release.

 Video Game Software.  We purchase new video
 game software directly from the leading manufacturers, including
 Sony, Nintendo and Microsoft, as well as over 40 third-party
 game publishers, such as Electronic Arts and Activision. We are
 one of the largest customers of video game titles sold by these
 publishers. We generally carry over 1,000 SKUs of new video game
 software at any given time across a variety of genres, including
 Sports, Action, Strategy, Adventure/Role Playing and Simulation.

 Used Video Game Products.  We believe we are
 the largest retailer of used video games in the world. We
 provide our customers with an opportunity to trade in their used
 video game products in our stores in exchange for store credits
 which can be applied towards the purchase of other products,
 primarily new merchandise. We have the largest selection
 (approximately 3,000 SKUs) of used video game titles which have
 an average price of $16 as compared to an average price of $42
 for new video game titles and which generate significantly
 higher gross margins than new video game products. Our trade-in
 program provides our customers with a unique value proposition
 which is generally unavailable at mass merchants, toy stores and
 consumer electronics retailers. This program provides us with an
 inventory of used video game products which we resell to our
 more value-oriented customers. In addition, our
 highly-customized inventory management system allows us to
 actively manage the pricing and product availability of our used
 video game products across our store base and to reallocate our
 inventory as necessary. Our trade-in program also allows us to
 be one of the only suppliers of previous generation platforms
 and related video games. We also operate refurbishment centers
 in the U.S., Canada, Australia and Europe where defective video
 game products can be tested, repaired, relabeled, repackaged and
 redistributed back to our stores.

 Video Game Hardware.  We offer the video game
 platforms of all major manufacturers, including the Sony
 PlayStation 2 and 3 and PSP, Microsoft Xbox 360, the Nintendo
 Wii and DS. We also offer extended service agreements on video
 game hardware and software. In support of our strategy to be the
 destination location for electronic game players, we
 aggressively promote the sale of video game platforms. Video
 game hardware sales are generally driven by the introduction of
 new platform technology and the reduction in price points as
 platforms mature. Due to our strong relationships with the
 manufacturers of these platforms, we often receive
 disproportionately large allocations of new release hardware
 products, which is an important component of our strategy to be
 the destination of choice for electronic game players. We
 believe that selling video game hardware increases store traffic
 and promotes customer loyalty, leading to increased sales of
 video game software and accessories, which have higher gross
 margins than video game hardware.

 PC Entertainment and Other Software.  We
 purchase PC entertainment software from over 45 publishers,
 including Electronic Arts, Microsoft and Vivendi Universal. We
 offer PC entertainment software across a variety of genres,
 including Sports, Action, Strategy, Adventure/Role Playing and
 Simulation.

 Accessories and Other Products.  Video game
 accessories consist primarily of controllers, memory cards and
 other add-ons. PC entertainment accessories consist primarily of
 joysticks. We also carry strategy guides and magazines, as well
 as trading cards. We carry over 300 SKUs of accessories and
 other products. In general, this category has higher margins
 than new video game and PC entertainment products.

 Store
 Operations

 As of February 2, 2008, we operated 5,264 stores, primarily
 under the GameStop name. Each of our stores typically carries
 over 4,500 SKUs. We design our stores to provide an electronic
 gaming atmosphere with an engaging and visually captivating
 layout. Our stores are equipped with several video game sampling
 areas, which provide our customers the opportunity to play games
 before purchase, as well as equipment to play video game clips.
 We use store configuration, in-store signage and product
 demonstrations to produce marketing opportunities both for our
 vendors and for us.

 Our stores, which average approximately 1,500 square feet,
 carry a balanced mix of new and used video game products and PC
 entertainment software. Our stores are generally located in
 high-traffic “power strip centers,” local neighborhood
 strip centers, high-traffic shopping malls and pedestrian areas,
 primarily in major metropolitan areas.

 8

Table of Contents

 These locations provide easy access and high frequency of visits
 and, in the case of strip centers and high-traffic pedestrian
 stores, high visibility. We target strip centers that are
 conveniently located, have a mass merchant or supermarket anchor
 tenant and have a high volume of customers.

 Site
 Selection and Locations

 Site Selection.  In the U.S., we have a
 dedicated staff of real estate personnel experienced in
 selecting store locations. International locations are selected
 by the management in each region or country. Site selections for
 new stores are made after an extensive review of demographic
 data and other information relating to market potential,
 competitor access and visibility, compatible nearby tenants,
 accessible parking, location visibility, lease terms and the
 location of our other stores. Most of our stores are located in
 highly visible locations within malls and strip centers.

 Locations.  The table below sets forth the
 number of our stores located in the U.S., Canada, Europe and
 Australia as of February 2, 2008:

 Number

 United States

 of Stores

 Alabama

 75

 Alaska

 4

 Arizona

 77

 Arkansas

 28

 California

 439

 Colorado

 59

 Connecticut

 57

 Delaware

 19

 District of Columbia

 2

 Florida

 287

 Georgia

 130

 Guam

 2

 Hawaii

 20

 Idaho

 9

 Illinois

 179

 Indiana

 77

 Iowa

 31

 Kansas

 33

 Kentucky

 59

 Louisiana

 63

 Maine

 10

 Maryland

 99

 Massachusetts

 85

 Michigan

 120

 Minnesota

 54

 Mississippi

 38

 Missouri

 66

 Montana

 7

 Nebraska

 20

 Nevada

 37

 New Hampshire

 22

 New Jersey

 148

 New Mexico

 26

 New York

 217

 North Carolina

 125

 9

Table of Contents

 Number

 United States

 of Stores

 North Dakota

 8

 Ohio

 175

 Oklahoma

 46

 Oregon

 30

 Pennsylvania

 199

 Puerto Rico

 45

 Rhode Island

 14

 South Carolina

 62

 South Dakota

 4

 Tennessee

 81

 Texas

 355

 Utah

 28

 Vermont

 7

 Virginia

 130

 Washington

 74

 West Virginia

 25

 Wisconsin

 47

 Wyoming

 7

 Sub-total for United States

 4,061

 Number

 International

 of Stores

 Canada

 287

 Australia

 250

 New Zealand

 30

 Sub-total for Australia

 280

 Austria

 11

 Denmark

 31

 Finland

 13

 Germany

 137

 Ireland

 44

 Italy

 218

 Norway

 16

 Portugal

 10

 Spain

 93

 Sweden

 47

 Switzerland

 10

 United Kingdom

 6

 Sub-total for Europe

 636

 Sub-total for International

 1,203

 Total stores

 5,264

 10

Table of Contents

 Game
 Informer

 We publish Game Informer, a monthly video game magazine
 featuring reviews of new title releases, tips and secrets about
 existing games and news regarding current developments in the
 electronic game industry. The magazine is sold through
 subscription and through displays in our United States, Canada
 and Ireland stores. For its February 2008 issue, the magazine
 had approximately 2.9 million paid subscriptions. According
 to 
Mediaweek magazine, 
Game Informer is the
 23rd largest consumer publication in the U.S. 
Game
 Informer revenues are also generated through the sale of
 advertising space. In addition, we offer the GameStop loyalty
 card as a bonus with each paid subscription, providing our
 subscribers with a discount on selected merchandise. 
Game
 Informer operations are included in the United States
 segment where the majority of subscriptions and sales are
 generated.

 E-Commerce

 We operate electronic commerce websites at
 www.gamestop.com and 
www.ebgames.com that allow
 our customers to buy video game products and other merchandise
 on-line. The sites also offer customers information and content
 about available games, release dates for upcoming games, and
 access to store information, such as location and product
 availability. In 2005, we entered into an arrangement with
 Barnes & Noble under which 
www.gamestop.com is
 the exclusive specialty video game retailer listed on

www.bn.com, Barnes & Noble’s

e-commerce
 site.

E-commerce
 results are included in the United States segment where the
 majority of the sales originate.

 Advertising

 Our stores are primarily located in high traffic, high
 visibility areas of regional shopping malls and strip centers.
 Given the high foot traffic drawn past the stores themselves, we
 use in-store marketing efforts such as window displays and
 “coming soon” signs to attract customers, as well as
 to promote used video game products. Inside the stores, we
 feature selected products through the use of vendor displays,
 “coming soon” or preview videos, signs, catalogs,
 point-of-purchase materials and end-cap displays. These
 advertising efforts are designed to increase the initial sales
 of new titles upon their release.

 On a global basis, we receive cooperative advertising and market
 development funds from manufacturers, distributors, software
 publishers and accessory suppliers to promote their respective
 products. Generally, vendors agree to purchase advertising space
 in one of our advertising vehicles. Once we run the advertising,
 the vendor pays to us an agreed amount.

 In the last three years, as part of our brand-building efforts
 and targeted growth strategies, we expanded our advertising and
 promotional activities in certain targeted markets at certain
 key times of the year. In addition, we expanded our use of
 television and radio advertising in certain markets to promote
 brand awareness and store openings.

 Information
 Management

 Our operating strategy involves providing a broad merchandise
 selection to our customers as quickly and as cost-effectively as
 possible. We use our inventory management systems to maximize
 the efficiency of the flow of products to our stores, enhance
 store efficiency and optimize store in-stock and overall
 investment in inventory.

 Distribution.  We operate a 410,000 square
 foot distribution center in Grapevine, Texas and a
 260,000 square foot distribution center in Louisville,
 Kentucky. We currently use the center in Louisville, Kentucky to
 support our first-to-market distribution efforts, while our
 Grapevine, Texas facility supports efforts to replenish stores.
 In order to enhance our first-to-market distribution network, we
 also utilize the services of several off-site, third-party
 operated distribution centers that pick up products from our
 suppliers, repackage the products for each of our stores and
 ship those products to our stores by package carriers. Our
 ability to rapidly process incoming shipments of new release
 titles at the Louisville and third-party facilities and deliver
 those shipments to all of our stores, either that day or by the
 next morning, enables us to meet peak demand and replenish
 stores at least twice a week.

 The state-of-the-art facilities in Grapevine, Texas and
 Louisville, Kentucky are designed to effectively control and
 minimize inventory levels. Technologically-advanced conveyor
 systems and flow-through racks control costs

 11

Table of Contents

 and improve speed of fulfillment in both facilities. The
 technology used in the distribution centers allows for
 high-volume receiving, distributions to stores and returns to
 vendors. Inventory is shipped to each store at least twice a
 week, or daily, if necessary, in order to keep stores in supply
 of products.

 We distribute merchandise to our Canadian segment from two
 distribution centers in Brampton, Ontario. We have a
 distribution center near Brisbane, Australia which supports our
 Australian operations and a small distribution facility in New
 Zealand which supports the stores in New Zealand. European
 segment operations are supported by five regionally-located
 distribution centers in Milan, Italy; Memmingen, Germany; Arlov,
 Sweden; Valencia, Spain and Dublin, Ireland. All of our
 international distribution facilities support both new title
 distribution and replenishment, which are sometimes supported by
 third-party distribution networks. These facilities are designed
 to support the first-to-market distribution network and enable
 our stores to meet peak demand and replenish stores at least
 twice a week. Our international distribution facilities also
 support refurbishment of used products to be redistributed to
 stores.

 Management Information Systems.  Our
 proprietary inventory management system and point-of-sale
 technology show daily sales and in-store stock by title by
 store. Our systems use this data to automatically generate
 replenishment shipments to each store from our distribution
 centers, enabling each store to carry a merchandise assortment
 uniquely tailored to its own sales mix and rate of sale. Our
 call lists and reservation system also provide our buying staff
 with information to determine order size and inventory
 management for

store-by-store
 inventory allocation. We constantly review and edit our
 merchandise categories with the objective of ensuring that
 inventory is up-to-date and meets customer needs.

 To support our U.S. operations, we use a large-scale,
 Intel-based computing environment with a state-of-the-art
 storage area network and a wired and wireless corporate network
 installed at our U.S. headquarters, and a secure, virtual
 private network to access and provide services to computing
 assets located in our stores, distribution centers and satellite
 offices and to our mobile workforce. This strategy has proven to
 minimize initial outlay of capital while allowing for
 flexibility and growth as operations expand. To support our
 international operations, we use a mid-range, scalable computing
 environment and a state-of-the-art storage area network.
 Computing assets and our mobile workforce around the globe
 access this environment via a secure, virtual private network.
 Regional communication links exist to each of our distribution
 centers and offices in international locations with connectivity
 to our U.S. data center as required by our international,
 distributed applications.

 Our in-store point-of-sale system enables us to efficiently
 manage in-store transactions. This proprietary point-of-sale
 system has been enhanced to facilitate trade-in transactions,
 including automatic
 look-up of
 trade-in prices and printing of machine-readable bar codes to
 facilitate in-store restocking of used video games. In addition,
 our central database of all used video game products allows us
 to actively manage the pricing and product availability of our
 used video game products across our store base and reallocate
 our used video game products as necessary.

 Field
 Management and Staff

 GameStop’s U.S. store operations are managed by a
 centrally-located senior vice president of stores, four vice
 presidents of stores and 27 regional store operations directors.
 The regions are further divided into districts, each with a
 district manager covering an average of 14 stores. In total,
 there are approximately 290 districts. Our stores in Europe are
 managed by two vice presidents and managing directors in each
 country. Our stores in Australia and Canada are each managed by
 a vice president. Each store employs, on average, one manager,
 one assistant manager and between two and ten sales associates,
 many of whom are part-time employees. Each store manager is
 responsible for managing their personnel and the economic
 performance of their store. We have cultivated a work
 environment that attracts employees who are actively interested
 in electronic games. We seek to hire and retain employees who
 know and enjoy working with our products so that they are better
 able to assist customers. To encourage them to sell the full
 range of our products and to maximize our profitability, we
 provide our employees with targeted incentive programs to drive
 overall sales and sales of higher margin products. We also
 provide our U.S. employees with the opportunity to take
 home and try new video games, which enables them to better
 discuss those games with our customers. In addition, employees
 are casually dressed to encourage customer access and increase
 the “game-oriented” focus of the stores. We also
 employ regional loss prevention managers who assist the stores
 in implementing security to prevent theft of our products.

 12

Table of Contents

 Our stores communicate with our corporate offices daily via
 e-mail. This

e-mail
 allows for better tracking of trends in upcoming titles,
 competitor strategies and in-stock inventory positions. In
 addition, this communication allows title selection in each
 store to be continuously updated and tailored to reflect the
 tastes and buying patterns of the store’s local market.
 These communications also give field management access to
 relevant inventory levels and loss prevention information. We
 have invested in significant management training programs for
 our store managers and our district managers to enhance their
 business management skills. We also sponsor annual store
 managers’ conferences in the U.S., Canada, Europe and
 Australia, to which we invite all video game software publishers
 to attend, and operate an intense educational training program
 to provide our employees with information about the video game
 products that will be released by those publishers in the
 holiday season.

 Customer
 Service

 Our store personnel provide value-added services to each
 customer, such as maintaining lists of regular customers and
 reserving new releases for customers with a down payment to
 ensure product availability. In addition, our store personnel
 readily provide product reviews to ensure customers are making
 informed purchasing decisions and inform customers of available
 resources, including Game Informer, to increase a
 customer’s enjoyment of the product upon purchase.

 Vendors

 We purchase substantially all of our new products worldwide from
 approximately 75 manufacturers and software publishers and
 approximately five distributors. Purchases from the top ten
 vendors accounted for approximately 80% of our new product
 purchases in fiscal 2007. Only Nintendo, Sony, Microsoft, and
 Electronic Arts (which accounted for 21%, 17%, 16%, and 11%,
 respectively) individually accounted for more than 10% of our
 new product purchases during fiscal 2007. We have established
 price protections and return privileges with our primary vendors
 in order to reduce the risk of inventory obsolescence. In
 addition, we have few purchase contracts with trade vendors and
 generally conduct business on an
 order-by-order
 basis, a practice that is typical throughout the industry. We
 believe that maintaining and strengthening our long-term
 relationships with our vendors is essential to our operations
 and continued expansion. We believe that we have very good
 relationships with our vendors.

 Competition

 The electronic game industry is intensely competitive and
 subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and frequent
 new product introductions. In the U.S., we compete with mass
 merchants and regional chains, including Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
 (“Wal-Mart”) and Target Corporation
 (“Target”); computer product and consumer electronics
 stores, including Best Buy Co., Inc. (“Best Buy”) and
 Circuit City Stores, Inc. (“Circuit City”); other
 video game and PC software specialty stores located in malls and
 other locations; toy retail chains; mail-order businesses;
 catalogs; direct sales by software publishers; and online
 retailers and game rental companies. In addition, video games
 are available for sale and rental from many video stores, such
 as Movie Gallery, Inc. (“Movie Gallery”) and
 Blockbuster, Inc. (“Blockbuster”). Video game products
 may also be distributed through other methods which may emerge
 in the future. We also compete with sellers of used video game
 products. Additionally, we compete with other forms of
 entertainment activities, including movies, television, theater,
 sporting events and family entertainment centers.

 Competitors in Europe include Game Group plc (“Game
 Group”) and its subsidiaries, which operates in the United
 Kingdom, Ireland, Scandinavia, France, Spain and Portugal, and
 Media Markt, which operates throughout Europe. Competitors in
 Canada include Wal-Mart, Best Buy and its subsidiary Future
 Shop. In Australia, competitors include Game Group, K-Mart,
 Target and JB HiFi stores.

 Seasonality

 Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal, with the
 major portion of our sales and operating profit realized during
 the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling
 season. During fiscal 2007, we generated approximately 40% of
 our sales and approximately 58% of our operating earnings during
 the fourth quarter. During

 13

Table of Contents

 fiscal 2006, we generated approximately 43% of our sales and
 approximately 67% of our operating earnings during the fourth
 quarter.

 Trademarks

 We have a number of trademarks and servicemarks, including
 “GameStop,” “Game Informer,” “EB
 Games,” “Electronics Boutique” and “Power to
 the Players,” all of which have been registered by us with
 the United States Patent and Trademark Office. For many of our
 trademarks and servicemarks, we also have registered or have
 registrations pending with the trademark authorities for our
 international locations. We maintain a policy of pursuing
 registration of our principal marks and opposing any
 infringement of our marks.

 Employees

 We have approximately 13,000 full-time salaried and hourly
 employees and between 14,000 and 30,000 part-time hourly
 employees worldwide, depending on the time of year. Fluctuation
 in the number of part-time hourly employees is due to the
 seasonality of our business. We believe that our relationship
 with our employees is excellent. None of our U.S. employees
 is represented by a labor union or is a member of a collective
 bargaining unit. Some of our international employees are covered
 by collective bargaining agreements.

 Available
 Information

 We make available on our website (www.gamestop.com),
 under “Investor Relations — SEC Filings,”
 free of charge, our annual reports on

Form 10-K,
 quarterly reports on

Form 10-Q,
 current reports on

Form 8-K,
 and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably
 practicable after we electronically file or furnish such
 material with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (“SEC”). You may read and copy this information or
 obtain copies of this information by mail from the Public
 Reference Room of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E.,
 Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates. Further
 information on the operation of the SEC’s Public Reference
 Room in Washington, D.C. can be obtained by calling the SEC
 at

1-800-SEC-0330.
 The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy
 statements and other information about issuers, like GameStop,
 who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site
 is

http://www.sec.gov.

 In addition to copies of our annual reports on

Form 10-K,
 quarterly reports on

Form 10-Q,
 current reports on

Form 8-K,
 and amendments to those reports, the Company’s Code of
 Standards, Ethics and Conduct is available on our website under
 “Investor Relations — Corporate Governance”
 and is available to our stockholders in print, free of charge,
 upon written request to the Company’s Investor Relations
 Department at GameStop Corp., 625 Westport Parkway,
 Grapevine, Texas 76051.



 An investment in our Company involves a high degree of risk. You
 should carefully consider the risks below, together with the
 other information contained in this report, before you make an
 investment decision with respect to our Company. The risks
 described below are not the only ones facing our Company.
 Additional risks not presently known to us, or that we consider
 immaterial, may also impair our business operations. Any of the
 following risks could materially adversely affect our business,
 operating results or financial condition, and could cause a
 decline in the trading price of our common stock and the value
 of your investment.

 Risks
 Related to Our Business

 We
 depend upon our key personnel and they would be difficult to
 replace.

 Our success depends upon our ability to attract, motivate and
 retain key management for our stores and skilled merchandising,
 marketing and administrative personnel at our headquarters. We
 depend upon the continued services of our key executive
 officers, R. Richard Fontaine, our Chairman of the Board and
 Chief Executive Officer; Daniel A. DeMatteo, our Vice Chairman
 and Chief Operating Officer; Steven R. Morgan, our President;
 David W. Carlson, our Executive Vice President and Chief
 Financial Officer; and Tony D. Bartel, our Executive Vice
 President of Merchandising and Marketing. The loss of services
 of any of our key personnel could have a negative impact on our
 business.

 14

Table of Contents

 We
 depend upon the timely delivery of products.

 We depend on major hardware manufacturers, primarily Sony,
 Nintendo and Microsoft, to deliver new and existing video game
 platforms on a timely basis and in anticipated quantities. In
 addition, we depend on software publishers to introduce new and
 updated software titles. Any material delay in the introduction
 or delivery, or limited allocations, of hardware platforms or
 software titles could result in reduced sales in one or more
 fiscal quarters.

 We
 depend upon third parties to develop products and
 software.

 Our business depends upon the continued development of new and
 enhanced video game platforms, PC hardware and video game and PC
 entertainment software. Our business could suffer due to the
 failure of manufacturers to develop new or enhanced video game
 platforms, a decline in the continued technological development
 and use of multimedia PCs, or the failure of software publishers
 to develop popular game and entertainment titles for current or
 future generation video game systems or PC hardware.

 Our
 ability to obtain favorable terms from our suppliers may impact
 our financial results.

 Our financial results depend significantly upon the business
 terms we can obtain from our suppliers, including competitive
 prices, unsold product return policies, advertising and market
 development allowances, freight charges and payment terms. We
 purchase substantially all of our products directly from
 manufacturers, software publishers and approximately five
 distributors. Our largest vendors worldwide are Nintendo, Sony,
 Microsoft and Electronic Arts, which accounted for 21%, 17%, 16%
 and 11%, respectively, of our new product purchases in fiscal
 2007. If our suppliers do not provide us with favorable business
 terms, we may not be able to offer products to our customers at
 competitive prices.

 If our
 vendors fail to provide marketing and merchandising support at
 historical levels, our sales and earnings could be negatively
 impacted.

 The manufacturers of video game hardware and software and PC
 entertainment software have typically provided retailers with
 significant marketing and merchandising support for their
 products. As part of this support, we receive cooperative
 advertising and market development payments from these vendors.
 These cooperative advertising and market development payments
 enable us to actively promote and merchandise the products we
 sell and drive sales at our stores and on our websites. We
 cannot assure you that vendors will continue to provide this
 support at historical levels. If they fail to do so, our sales
 and earnings could be negatively impacted.

 The
 electronic game industry is cyclical, which could cause
 significant fluctuation in our earnings.

 The electronic game industry has been cyclical in nature in
 response to the introduction and maturation of new technology.
 Following the introduction of new video game platforms, sales of
 these platforms and related software and accessories generally
 increase due to initial demand, while sales of older platforms
 and related products generally decrease as customers migrate
 toward the new platforms. New video game platforms have
 historically been introduced approximately every five years. If
 video game platform manufacturers fail to develop new hardware
 platforms, our sales of video game products could decline.

 Pressure
 from our competitors may force us to reduce our prices or
 increase spending, which could decrease our
 profitability.

 The electronic game industry is intensely competitive and
 subject to rapid changes in consumer preferences and frequent
 new product introductions. We compete with mass merchants and
 regional chains, including Wal-Mart and Target; computer product
 and consumer electronics stores, including Best Buy and Circuit
 City; other U.S. and international video game and PC
 software specialty stores located in malls and other locations,
 such as Game Group and Media Markt; toy retail chains;
 mail-order businesses; catalogs; direct sales by software
 publishers; and online retailers and game rental companies. In
 addition, video games are available for sale and rental from
 many video stores, such as Movie Gallery and Blockbuster. Video
 game products may also be distributed through other methods
 which may emerge in the future. We also compete with sellers of
 used video game products. Some of our

 15

Table of Contents

 competitors in the electronic game industry have longer
 operating histories and may have greater financial resources
 than we do. Additionally, we compete with other forms of
 entertainment activities, including movies, television, theater,
 sporting events and family entertainment centers. If we lose
 customers to our competitors, or if we reduce our prices or
 increase our spending to maintain our customers, we may be less
 profitable.

 International
 events could delay or prevent the delivery of products to our
 suppliers.

 Our suppliers rely on foreign sources, primarily in Asia, to
 manufacture a portion of the products we purchase from them. As
 a result, any event causing a disruption of imports, including
 the imposition of import restrictions or trade restrictions in
 the form of tariffs or quotas, could increase the cost and
 reduce the supply of products available to us, which could lower
 our sales and profitability.

 Our
 international operations expose us to numerous
 risks.

 We have international retail operations in Australia, Canada and
 Europe. Because release schedules for hardware and software
 introduction in these markets often differ from release
 schedules in the United States, the timing of increases and
 decreases in foreign sales may differ from the timing of
 increases and decreases in domestic sales. We are also subject
 to a number of other factors that may affect our current or
 future international operations. These include:

 • 

 economic downturns;

 • 

 currency exchange rate fluctuations;

 • 

 international incidents;

 • 

 government instability; and

 • 

 an increasing number of competitors entering our current and
 potential markets.

 There
 may be possible changes in our global tax rate.

 As a result of our operations in many foreign countries, our
 global tax rate is derived from a combination of applicable tax
 rates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate.
 Depending upon the sources of our income, any agreements we may
 have with taxing authorities in various jurisdictions and the
 tax filing positions we take in various jurisdictions, our
 overall tax rate may be higher than other companies or higher
 than our tax rates have been in the past. We base our estimate
 of an annual effective tax rate at any given point in time on a
 calculated mix of the tax rates applicable to our company and to
 estimates of the amount of income to be derived in any given
 jurisdiction. A change in the mix of our business from year to
 year and from country to country, changes in rules related to
 accounting for income taxes, changes in tax laws in any of the
 multiple jurisdictions in which we operate or adverse outcomes
 from the tax audits that regularly are in process in any
 jurisdiction in which we operate could result in an unfavorable
 change in our overall tax rate, which could have a material
 adverse effect on our business and results of our operations.

 If we
 are unable to renew or enter into new leases on favorable terms,
 our revenue growth may decline.

 All of our retail stores are located in leased premises. If the
 cost of leasing existing stores increases, we cannot assure you
 that we will be able to maintain our existing store locations as
 leases expire. In addition, we may not be able to enter into new
 leases on favorable terms or at all, or we may not be able to
 locate suitable alternative sites or additional sites for new
 store expansion in a timely manner. Our revenues and earnings
 may decline if we fail to maintain existing store locations,
 enter into new leases, locate alternative sites or find
 additional sites for new store expansion.

 The
 ability to download video games and play video games on the
 Internet could lower our sales.

 While it is currently only possible to download a limited amount
 of video game content to the next generation video game systems,
 at some point in the future this technology may become more
 prevalent. A limited selection of PC entertainment software and
 older generation video games is currently available for download
 over the Internet.

 16

Table of Contents

 If advances in technology continue to expand our customers’
 ability to access software through these and other sources, our
 customers may no longer choose to purchase video games or PC
 entertainment software in our stores. As a result, sales and
 earnings could decline.

 If we
 fail to keep pace with changing industry technology, we will be
 at a competitive disadvantage.

 The interactive entertainment industry is characterized by
 swiftly changing technology, evolving industry standards,
 frequent new and enhanced product introductions and product
 obsolescence. These characteristics require us to respond
 quickly to technological changes and to understand their impact
 on our customers’ preferences. If we fail to keep pace with
 these changes, our business may suffer.

 An
 adverse trend in sales during the holiday selling season could
 impact our financial results.

 Our business, like that of many retailers, is seasonal, with the
 major portion of our sales and operating profit realized during
 the fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the holiday selling
 season. During fiscal 2007, we generated approximately 40% of
 our sales and approximately 58% of our operating earnings during
 the fourth quarter. Any adverse trend in sales during the
 holiday selling season could lower our results of operations for
 the fourth quarter and the entire year.

 Our
 results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter,
 which could affect our business, financial condition and results
 of operations.

 Our results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter
 depending upon several factors, some of which are beyond our
 control. These factors include:

 • 

 the timing and allocations of new product releases;

 • 

 the timing of new store openings; and

 • 

 shifts in the timing of certain promotions.

 These and other factors could affect our business, financial
 condition and results of operations, and this makes the
 prediction of our financial results on a quarterly basis
 difficult. Also, it is possible that our quarterly financial
 results may be below the expectations of public market analysts.

 Our
 failure to effectively manage new store openings could lower our
 sales and profitability.

 Our growth strategy is largely dependent upon opening new stores
 and operating them profitably. We opened 586 stores in fiscal
 2007 and expect to open approximately 575 to 600 new stores in
 fiscal 2008. Our ability to open new stores and operate them
 profitably depends upon a number of factors, some of which may
 be beyond our control. These factors include:

 • 

 the ability to identify new store locations, negotiate suitable
 leases and build out the stores in a timely and cost efficient
 manner;

 • 

 the ability to hire and train skilled associates;

 • 

 the ability to integrate new stores into our existing
 operations; and

 • 

 the ability to increase sales at new store locations.

 Our growth will also depend on our ability to process increased
 merchandise volume resulting from new store openings through our
 inventory management systems and distribution facilities in a
 timely manner. If we fail to manage new store openings in a
 timely and cost efficient manner, our growth may decrease.

 If our
 management information systems fail to perform or are
 inadequate, our ability to manage our business could be
 disrupted.

 We rely on computerized inventory and management systems to
 coordinate and manage the activities in our distribution
 centers, as well as to communicate distribution information to
 the off-site, third-party operated

 17

Table of Contents

 distribution centers with which we work. The third-party
 distribution centers pick up products from our suppliers,
 repackage the products for each of our stores and ship those
 products to our stores by package carriers. We use inventory
 replenishment systems to track sales and inventory. Our ability
 to rapidly process incoming shipments of new release titles and
 deliver them to all of our stores, either that day or by the
 next morning, enables us to meet peak demand and replenish
 stores at least twice a week, to keep our stores in stock at
 optimum levels and to move inventory efficiently. If our
 inventory or management information systems fail to adequately
 perform these functions, our business could be adversely
 affected. In addition, if operations in any of our distribution
 centers were to shut down for a prolonged period of time or if
 these centers were unable to accommodate the continued store
 growth in a particular region, our business could suffer.

 We may
 engage in acquisitions which could negatively impact our
 business if we fail to successfully complete and integrate
 them.

 To enhance our efforts to grow and compete, we may engage in
 acquisitions. Our plans to pursue future acquisitions are
 subject to our ability to negotiate favorable terms for these
 acquisitions. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that future
 acquisitions will be completed. In addition, to facilitate
 future acquisitions, we may take actions that could dilute the
 equity interests of our stockholders, increase our debt or cause
 us to assume contingent liabilities, all of which may have a
 detrimental effect on the price of our common stock. Finally, if
 any acquisitions are not successfully integrated with our
 business, our ongoing operations could be adversely affected.

 Litigation
 and litigation results could negatively impact our future
 financial condition and results of operations.

 In the ordinary course of our business, the Company is, from
 time to time, subject to various litigation and legal
 proceedings. In the future, the costs or results of such legal
 proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could have a
 negative impact on the Company’s operations or financial
 condition.

 Legislative
 actions and potential new accounting pronouncements are likely
 to cause our general and administrative expenses to increase and
 impact our future financial condition and results of
 operations.

 In order to comply with the New York Stock Exchange listing
 standards and rules adopted by the SEC or other regulatory
 bodies, we may be required to increase our expenditures and hire
 additional personnel and additional outside legal, accounting
 and advisory services, all of which may cause our general and
 administrative costs to increase. Changes in the accounting
 rules could materially increase the expenses that we report
 under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 (“GAAP”) and adversely affect our operating results.

 Risks
 Relating to Our Indebtedness

 To
 service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount
 of cash, the availability of which depends on many factors
 beyond our control.

 Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt
 obligations depends on our financial and operating performance,
 which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive
 conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors
 beyond our control. These factors include:

 • 

 our reliance on suppliers and vendors for sufficient quantities
 of their products and new product releases and our ability to
 obtain favorable terms from these suppliers and vendors;

 • 

 economic conditions affecting the electronic game industry as a
 whole;

 • 

 the highly competitive environment in the electronic game
 industry and the resulting pressure from our competitors
 potentially forcing us to reduce our prices or increase spending;

 • 

 our ability to open and operate new stores;

 • 

 our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; and

 18

Table of Contents

 • 

 our dependence upon software publishers to develop popular game
 and entertainment titles for video game systems and PCs.

 If our financial condition or operating results materially
 deteriorate, our relations with our creditors, including holders
 of our senior notes, the lenders under our senior credit
 facility and our suppliers, may be materially and adversely
 impacted.

 As a
 result of the mergers, we have significant debt that could
 adversely impact cash availability for growth and operations and
 may increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and
 industry conditions.

 We incurred $950 million in debt as a result of the mergers
 in 2005. As of February 2, 2008, we had approximately
 $574 million of indebtedness. Our debt service obligations
 with respect to this indebtedness could have an adverse impact
 on our earnings and cash flows for as long as the indebtedness
 is outstanding.

 Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including
 the following:

 • 

 our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate purposes
 may be impaired;

 • 

 we may use a portion of our cash flow from operations to make
 debt service payments on the senior notes and our senior credit
 facility, which will reduce the funds available to us for other
 purposes such as potential acquisitions and capital expenditures;

 • 

 we may have a higher level of indebtedness than some of our
 competitors, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage and
 reduce our flexibility in planning for, or responding to,
 changing conditions in our industry, including increased
 competition; and

 • 

 we may be more vulnerable to general economic downturns and
 adverse developments in our business.

 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund
 our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or
 delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital
 or restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the
 senior notes. These alternative measures may not be successful
 and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service
 obligations. Our senior credit facility and the indenture
 governing the senior notes restrict our ability to dispose of
 assets and use the proceeds from such dispositions. We may not
 be able to consummate those dispositions, dispose of our assets
 at prices that we believe are fair or use the proceeds from
 asset sales to make payments on the notes and these proceeds may
 not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.

 Because
 of our floating rate credit facilities, we may be adversely
 affected by interest rate changes.

 Our financial position may be affected by fluctuations in
 interest rates, as our senior credit facility is subject to
 floating interest rates.

 Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including
 governmental monetary policies, domestic and international
 economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our
 control. If we were to borrow against our senior credit
 facility, a significant increase in interest rates could have an
 adverse effect on our financial position and results of
 operations.

 Our
 operations are substantially restricted by the indenture
 governing the senior notes and the terms of our senior credit
 facility.

 The indenture for the senior notes imposes, and the terms of any
 future debt may impose, significant operating and financial
 restrictions on us. These restrictions, among other things,
 limit the ability of the issuers of the senior notes and of
 GameStop’s restricted subsidiaries to:

 • 

 incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness or
 guaranty obligations;

 • 

 incur liens or agree to negative pledges in other agreements;

 • 

 engage in sale and leaseback transactions;

 19

Table of Contents

 • 

 make loans and investments;

 • 

 declare dividends, make payments or redeem or repurchase capital
 stock;

 • 

 engage in mergers, acquisitions and other business combinations;

 • 

 prepay, redeem or purchase certain indebtedness;

 • 

 amend or otherwise alter the terms of our organizational
 documents and our indebtedness, including the senior notes;

 • 

 sell assets; and

 • 

 transact with affiliates.

 We cannot assure you that these covenants will not adversely
 affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital
 needs or to pursue available business opportunities.

 The senior credit facility contains various restrictive
 covenants prohibiting us, in certain circumstances, from, among
 other things, prepaying, redeeming or purchasing certain
 indebtedness.

 Despite
 current anticipated indebtedness levels and restrictive
 covenants, we may incur additional indebtedness in the
 future.

 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may be able to
 incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future,
 including additional secured indebtedness. Although the terms of
 the indenture governing the senior notes and our senior credit
 facility restrict the issuers of the senior notes and
 GameStop’s restricted subsidiaries from incurring
 additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to
 important exceptions and qualifications. If we incur additional
 indebtedness, the risks that we now face as a result of our
 leverage could intensify.