You should carefully consider the
following risks. These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected
or those expressed in any forward looking statements made by us or on our behalf. These risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under “Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements” and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K.

Risks Relating to Our Businesses 

Interest
rate fluctuations could adversely affect our business and profitability. 

Our insurance and investment products are sensitive to
interest rate fluctuations and expose us to the risk that falling interest rates will reduce our “spread,” or the difference between the returns we earn on the investments that support our obligations under these products and the amounts
that we must pay policyholders and contractholders. Because we may reduce the interest rates we credit on most of these products only at limited, pre-established intervals, and because some of them have guaranteed minimum crediting rates, declines
in interest rates may adversely affect the profitability of those products. 

During periods of increasing market interest rates, we may
offer higher crediting rates on interest-sensitive products, such as universal life insurance and fixed annuities, and we may increase crediting rates on in-force products to keep these products competitive. In addition, rapidly rising interest
rates may cause increased policy surrenders, withdrawals from life insurance policies and annuity contracts and requests for policy loans, as policyholders and contractholders shift assets into higher yielding investments. Increases in crediting
rates, as well as surrenders and withdrawals, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our term
life and long-term care insurance products also expose us to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. The pricing and expected future profitability of these products are based in part on expected investment returns. Over time, term life and long-term
care insurance products generally produce positive cash flows as customers pay periodic premiums, which we invest as we receive them. Low interest rates may reduce our ability to achieve our targeted investment margins and may adversely affect the
profitability of our term life and long-term care insurance products. 

In the U.S. mortgage market, rising interest rates generally reduce
the volume of new mortgage originations. A decline in the volume of new mortgage originations would have an adverse effect on our new mortgage insurance written. Rising interest rates also can increase the monthly mortgage payments for insured
homeowners with adjustable rate mortgages (“ARM”) which could have the effect of increasing default rates on ARM loans and thereby increasing our exposure on our mortgage insurance policies. This is particularly relevant in our non-U.S.
mortgage insurance business, where ARMs are the predominant mortgage product. ARMs also have increased as a percentage of the U.S. mortgage loans that we insure. 

Declining interest rates increase the rate at which insured borrowers refinance their existing mortgages, thereby resulting in cancellations of the mortgage insurance covering the refinanced loans. Declining interest
rates may also contribute to home price appreciation, which may provide insured borrowers in the U.S. with the option of canceling their mortgage insurance coverage earlier than we anticipated in pricing that coverage. These cancellations could have
an adverse effect on our results from our mortgage insurance business. 

Interest rate fluctuations also could have an adverse effect on the
results of our investment portfolios. During periods of declining market interest rates, the interest we receive on variable interest rate investments decreases. In addition, during those periods, we are forced to reinvest the cash we receive as
interest or return of 

51 

Table of Contents

principal on our investments in lower-yielding high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns. Issuers of fixed-income
securities also may decide to prepay their obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates, which exacerbates the risk that we may have to invest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit instruments. Interest
rates during 2003 reached an historic low and have increased through 2006. 

Downturns and volatility in equity markets could adversely affect our
business and profitability. 

Significant downturns and volatility in equity markets could have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations in two principal ways. First, market downturns and volatility may discourage purchases of separate account products, such as variable annuities and variable life insurance, that have returns linked to the
performance of the equity markets and may cause some existing customers to withdraw cash values or reduce investments in those products. 

Second, downturns and volatility in equity markets can have an adverse effect on the revenues and returns from our mutual fund wrapped and separately managed account products and services. Because these products and services generate fees
generally from the value of assets under management, a decline in the equity markets could reduce our revenues by reducing the value of the investment assets we manage. 

Defaults in our fixed-income securities and commercial mortgage loan portfolio may reduce our income. 

Issuers of the fixed-income securities and commercial mortgage loans that we own may default on principal and interest payments. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, we had fixed maturities in or near default (where the issuer has missed
payment of principal or interest or entered bankruptcy) with a fair value of $16 million and $47 million, respectively. An economic downturn, or a variety of other factors could cause declines in the value of our fixed maturities portfolio and cause
our net income to decline. 

A downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could result in a loss of business and
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Financial strength ratings, which various ratings organizations
publish as measures of an insurance company’s ability to meet contractholder and policyholder obligations, are important to maintaining public confidence in our products, the ability to market our products and our competitive position. Our
principal life insurance companies currently have financial strength ratings of “AA-” (Very Strong) from S&P and Fitch and “Aa3” (Excellent) from Moody’s. Our mortgage insurance companies currently have financial
strength ratings of “AA” (Very Strong) from S&P and Fitch, “Aa2” (Excellent) from Moody’s and/or “AA” (Superior) from DBRS. The “AA” and “AA-” ratings are the third- and fourth-highest of
S&P’s 20 ratings categories, respectively. The “Aa2” and “Aa3” ratings are the third- and fourth-highest of Moody’s 21 ratings categories, respectively. The “AA” and “AA-” ratings are the third-
and fourth-highest of Fitch’s 24 ratings categories. The “AA” rating is the second highest of DBRS’s 10 ratings categories. 

A downgrade in our financial strength ratings, or the announced potential for a downgrade, could have a significantly adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including: 

•

 reducing new sales of insurance products, annuities and other investment products; 

•

 adversely affecting our relationships with independent sales intermediaries and our dedicated sales specialists; 

•

 materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contractholders and policyholders; 

•

 requiring us to reduce prices for many of our products and services to remain competitive; 

•

 adversely affecting our ability to obtain reinsurance or obtain reasonable pricing on reinsurance; and 

•

 increasing our cost of borrowing. 

52 

Table of Contents

If our mortgage insurance companies’ financial strength ratings decrease below the thresholds
established by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (“AA-” by S&P and “Aa3” by Moody’s), we would not be able to insure mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. As of December 31, 2006, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
purchased the majority of the flow loans we insured in the U.S. An inability to insure mortgage loans sold to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or their transfer of our existing policies to an alternative mortgage insurer, would have an adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations. 

If our reserves for future policy claims are inadequate, we may be required to increase our reserve
liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We calculate and maintain reserves for
estimated future payments of claims to our policyholders and contractholders in accordance with U.S. GAAP and industry accounting practices. We release these reserves as those future obligations are extinguished. The reserves we establish
necessarily reflect estimates and actuarial assumptions with regard to our future experience. These estimates and actuarial assumptions involve the exercise of significant judgment. Our future financial results depend significantly upon the extent
to which our actual future experience is consistent with the assumptions we have used in pricing our products and determining our reserves. Many factors can affect future experience, including economic and social conditions, inflation, healthcare
costs, policyholder persistency (resulting in adverse claims experience), and changes in doctrines of legal liability and damage awards in litigation. Therefore, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts we will pay for actual claims
or the timing of those payments. 

We regularly monitor our reserves. If we conclude that our reserves are insufficient to cover actual or
expected policy and contract benefits and claims payments, we would be required to increase our reserves and incur income statement charges for the period in which we make the determination, which could adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. 

As a holding company, we depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us to pay dividends and to meet our
obligations. 

We act as a holding company for our insurance subsidiaries and do not have any significant operations of our own.
Dividends from our subsidiaries and permitted payments to us under our tax sharing arrangements with our subsidiaries are our principal sources of cash to pay stockholder dividends and to meet our obligations. These obligations include our operating
expenses, interest and principal on our current and any future borrowings and contract adjustment payments on our Equity Units. These obligations also include amounts we owe to GE under the tax matters agreement that we and GE entered into in
connection with our IPO. If the cash we receive from our subsidiaries pursuant to dividend payment and tax sharing arrangements is insufficient for us to fund any of these obligations, we may be required to raise cash through the incurrence of debt,
the issuance of additional equity or the sale of assets. 

The payment of dividends and other distributions to us by our insurance
subsidiaries is regulated by insurance laws and regulations. In general, dividends in excess of prescribed limits are deemed “extraordinary” and require insurance regulatory approval. In addition, insurance regulators may prohibit the
payment of ordinary dividends or other payments by our insurance subsidiaries to us (such as a payment under a tax sharing agreement or for employee or other services) if they determine that such payment could be adverse to our policyholders or
contractholders. The ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to us, and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, are also subject to various conditions imposed by the rating agencies for us to maintain our ratings.

Intense competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability. 

Our businesses are subject to intense competition. We believe the principal competitive factors in the sale of our products are product features, price,
commission structure, marketing and distribution arrangements, brand, reputation, financial strength ratings and service. 

53 

Table of Contents

Many other companies actively compete for sales in our protection and retirement income and investments
markets, including other major insurers, banks, other financial institutions, mutual fund and money asset management firms and specialty and capital markets providers. In addition, alternative products that leverage the capital markets could compete
with traditional insurance products and reduce our market share. The principal direct and indirect competitors for our U.S. and increasingly, international mortgage insurance businesses include other private mortgage insurers and structured
transactions in the capital markets and with other financial instruments designed to manage credit risk, such as credit default swaps and credit linked notes, with lenders who forego mortgage insurance, or self-insure, on loans held in their
portfolios, and with lenders that provide mortgage reinsurance through captive mortgage reinsurance programs. Further, we also compete with governmental and quasi-governmental agencies, including in the U.S., the FHA and to a lesser degree, the VA,
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. In Canada and some European countries, our mortgage insurance business competes directly with government entities, which provide comparable mortgage insurance. Government entities with which we compete typically do not
have the same capital requirements and do not have the same profit objectives as we do. 

In many of our product lines, we face competition
from competitors that have greater market share or breadth of distribution, offer a broader range of products, services or features, assume a greater level of risk, have lower profitability expectations or have higher financial strength ratings than
we do. Many competitors offer similar products and use similar distribution channels. The substantial expansion of banks’ and insurance companies’ distribution capacities and expansion of product features in recent years have intensified
pressure on margins and production levels and have increased the level of competition in many of our business lines. In addition, in recent years, banks, insurance companies and other financial services companies, many of which offer products
similar to ours and use similar distribution channels, have consolidated. Further consolidation among banks, insurance companies and other financial services companies could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations
if the surviving entity requires more favorable terms than we had previously been offering to one or more of the combined companies or if it elects not to continue to do business with us following the consolidation. 

Reinsurance may not be available, affordable or adequate to protect us against losses. 

As part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various business segments.
Market conditions beyond our control determine the availability and cost of the reinsurance protection we purchase. Accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain sufficient reinsurance on
acceptable terms, which could adversely affect our ability to write future business. 

If the counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements or to the
derivative instruments we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We use reinsurance and derivative instruments to mitigate our risks in various circumstances. Reinsurance does not relieve us of our direct liability to
our policyholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to us. Accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers. We cannot assure you that our reinsurers will pay the reinsurance recoverable owed to us now or in the future or that they
will pay these recoverables on a timely basis. A reinsurer’s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Prior to the completion of the IPO, we ceded to UFLIC, effective as of January 1, 2004, policy obligations under our
structured settlement contracts, which had reserves of $12.0 billion, and our variable annuity contracts, which had general account reserves of $2.8 billion and separate account reserves of $7.9 billion, in each case as of December 31, 2003.
These contracts represent substantially all of our contracts that were in-force as of December 31, 2003 for these products. In addition, effective as of January 1, 2004, we ceded to UFLIC policy 

54 

Table of Contents

obligations under a block of long-term care insurance policies that we reinsured from The Travelers Insurance Company (“Travelers”), which had
reserves of $1.5 billion as of December 31, 2003. UFLIC has established trust accounts for our benefit to secure its obligations under the reinsurance arrangements, and General Electric Capital Corporation, an indirect subsidiary of GE, or GE
Capital, has agreed to maintain UFLIC’s risk-based capital above a specified minimum level. If UFLIC becomes insolvent notwithstanding this agreement, and the amounts in the trust accounts are insufficient to pay UFLIC’s obligations to us,
our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, we use derivative instruments to
hedge various business risks. We enter into a variety of derivative instruments, including options, interest rate and currency swaps with a number of counterparties. If our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under the
derivative instruments, our hedges of the related risk will be ineffective. Such failure could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and international securities markets could negatively affect our profitability. 

Our international operations generate revenues denominated in local currencies. For the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, 19%, 20% and 19% of our revenues, respectively, and 35%, 32% and 29% of our
net income from continuing operations, respectively, were generated by our international operations. We generally invest cash generated by our international operations in securities denominated in local currencies. As of December 31, 2006 and
2005, approximately 9% and 8%, respectively, of our invested assets were held by our international operations and were invested primarily in non-U.S.-denominated securities. Although investing in securities denominated in local currencies limits the
effect of currency exchange rate fluctuation on local operating results, we remain exposed to the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates as we translate the operating results of our foreign operations into our financial statements. We currently do
not hedge this exposure, and as a result, period-to-period comparability of our results of operations is affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. For example, our net income for the year ended December 31, 2006 included approximately
$12 million, net of tax, due to the favorable impact of changes in foreign exchange rates. In addition, because we derive a significant portion of our income from non-U.S.-denominated revenue, our results of operations could be adversely
affected to the extent the dollar value of non-U.S.-denominated revenue is reduced due to a strengthening U.S. dollar. 

Our investments in
non-U.S.-denominated securities are subject to fluctuations in non-U.S. securities and currency markets, and those markets can be volatile. Non-U.S. currency fluctuations also affect the value of any dividends paid by our non-U.S. subsidiaries to
their parent companies in the U.S. 

Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated, and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our
growth. 

Our insurance operations are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations. State insurance laws regulate most aspects of
our U.S. insurance businesses, and our insurance subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance departments of the states in which they are domiciled and licensed. Our non-U.S. insurance operations are principally regulated by insurance regulatory
authorities in the jurisdictions in which they are domiciled. 

State laws in the U.S. grant insurance regulatory authorities broad
administrative powers with respect to, among other things: 

•

 licensing companies and agents to transact business; 

•

 calculating the value of assets to determine compliance with statutory requirements; 

•

 mandating certain insurance benefits; 

•

 regulating certain premium rates; 

•

 reviewing and approving policy forms; 

55 

Table of Contents

•

 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution arrangements and
payment of inducements; 

•

 establishing statutory capital and reserve requirements and solvency standards; 

•

 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and minimum rates for guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance policies and annuity contracts;

•

 approving changes in control of insurance companies; 

•

 restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates; and 

•

 regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments. 

State insurance regulators and the NAIC regularly reexamine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, can
be made for the benefit of the consumer at the expense of the insurer and thus could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our mortgage insurance business is subject to additional laws and regulations. For a discussion of the risks associated with those laws and regulations, see “—Risks Relating to Our Mortgage Insurance
Business—Changes in regulations that affect the mortgage insurance business could affect our operations significantly and could reduce the demand for mortgage insurance.” 

We have significant operations internationally that could be adversely affected by changes in political or economic stability or government policies where we operate. 

We have a presence in more than 25 countries around the world. Global economic and regulatory developments could affect our business in many ways. For
example, our operations are subject to local regulations, which in many ways are similar to the state regulations outlined above. Many of our international customers and independent sales intermediaries also operate in regulated environments.
Changes in the regulations that affect their operations also may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or to distribute our products. These changes could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may increase materially our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of
doing business, thus having an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Local economic conditions, including
inflation, recession and currency fluctuations, as discussed above, also affect our international businesses. Political changes, some of which may be disruptive, can interfere with our customers and all of our activities in a particular location.
Attempts to mitigate these risks can be costly and are not always successful. 

We also outsource certain services to international
providers. For example, through arrangements with outsourcing providers in India, we have a substantial team of professionals who provide a variety of services to our insurance operations, including customer service, transaction processing, and
functional support including finance, investment research, actuarial, risk and marketing. A significant change in India’s economic liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India
generally and our business in particular. 

The political or regulatory climate in the U.S., Europe or elsewhere could change so that it
would not be practical or legal for us to use international operations centers, such as call centers. For example, changes in privacy regulations, or more stringent interpretation or enforcement of these regulations, could require us to curtail our
use of low-cost operations in India to service our businesses, which could reduce the cost benefits we currently realize from these operations. 

56 

Table of Contents

Legal and regulatory investigations and actions are increasingly common in the insurance business and may result in
financial losses and harm our reputation. 

We face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the
ordinary course of operating our businesses, including the risk of class action lawsuits. Our pending legal and regulatory actions include proceedings specific to us and others generally applicable to business practices in the industries in which we
operate. In our insurance operations, we are, have been, or may become subject to class actions and individual suits alleging, among other things, issues relating to sales or underwriting practices, payment of contingent or other sales commissions,
claims payments and procedures, product design, product disclosure, administration, additional premium charges for premiums paid on a periodic basis, denial or delay of benefits, charging excessive or impermissible fees on products, recommending
unsuitable products to customers, our pricing structures and business practices in our mortgage insurance business, such as captive reinsurance arrangements with lenders and contract underwriting services, violations of RESPA or related state
anti-inducement laws and breaching fiduciary or other duties to customers. In our investment-related operations, we are subject to litigation involving commercial disputes with counterparties. We are also subject to litigation arising out of our
general business activities such as our contractual and employment relationships. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek very large or indeterminate amounts, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown
for substantial periods of time. We are also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas and books and record examinations, from state, federal and international regulators and other authorities. A substantial
legal liability or a significant regulatory action against us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in the litigation, regulatory action or investigation,
we could suffer significant reputational harm, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

For further discussion of current investigations and proceedings in which we are involved, see “Item 3—Legal Proceedings.” We cannot assure you that these investigations and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is also possible that we could become subject to further investigations and have lawsuits filed or enforcement actions initiated against us. In addition, increased regulatory scrutiny
and any resulting investigations or proceedings could result in new legal precedents and industry-wide regulations or practices that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation. For example, the NAIC and certain
state insurance departments have adopted or proposed additional reporting and disclosure requirements relating to finite risk reinsurance. 

Our computer
systems may fail or their security may be compromised, which could damage our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 

Our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our computer systems. We rely on these systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing claims and applications,
providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses and maintaining financial records. Despite the implementation of security and back-up measures, our computer systems may be vulnerable to physical or electronic
intrusions, computer viruses or other attacks, programming errors and similar disruptive problems. The failure of these systems for any reason could cause significant interruptions to our operations, which could result in a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition or results of operation. 

We retain confidential information in our computer systems, and we rely on
sophisticated commercial technologies to maintain the security of those systems. Anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures and penetrate our computer systems could access, view, misappropriate, alter, or delete any information in the
systems, including personally identifiable customer information and proprietary business information. In addition, an increasing number of states and foreign countries require that customers be notified if a security breach results in the disclosure
of personally identifiable customer information. Any compromise of the security of our computer systems that results in inappropriate disclosure of personally identifiable customer information could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter
people from purchasing our products, subject us to significant civil and criminal liability and require us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. 

57 

Table of Contents

The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or a disease pandemic could adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operation. 

We are exposed to various risks arising out of natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods
and tornadoes, and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions and disease pandemics (such as could arise from the avian flu). For example, a natural or man-made disaster or a disease pandemic could lead to unexpected
changes in persistency rates as policyholders and contractholders who are affected by the disaster may be unable to meet their contractual obligations, such as payment of premiums on our insurance policies, deposits into our investment products, and
mortgage payments on loans insured by our mortgage insurance policies. They could also significantly increase our mortality and morbidity experience above the assumptions we used in pricing our insurance and investment products. The continued threat
of terrorism and ongoing military actions may cause significant volatility in global financial markets, and a natural or man-made disaster or a disease pandemic could trigger an economic downturn in the areas directly or indirectly affected by the
disaster. These consequences could, among other things, result in a decline in business and increased claims from those areas, as well as an adverse effect on home prices in those areas, which could result in increased loss experience in our
mortgage insurance business. Disasters or a disease pandemic also could disrupt public and private infrastructure, including communications and financial services, which could disrupt our normal business operations. 

A natural or man-made disaster or a disease pandemic also could disrupt the operations of our counterparties or result in increased prices for the
products and services they provide to us. For example, a natural or man-made disaster or a disease pandemic could lead to increased reinsurance prices and potentially cause us to retain more risk than we otherwise would retain if we were able to
obtain reinsurance at lower prices. In addition, a disaster or a disease pandemic could adversely affect the value of the assets in our investment portfolio if it affects companies’ ability to pay principal or interest on their securities. See
“—We may face losses if there are significant deviations from our assumptions regarding the future persistency of our insurance policies and annuity contracts” and “—A deterioration in economic conditions or a decline in
home price appreciation may adversely affect our loss experience in mortgage insurance.” 

Risks Relating to Our Protection and Retirement Income
and Investments Segments 

We may face losses if morbidity rates, mortality rates or unemployment rates differ significantly from our pricing
expectations. 

We set prices for our insurance and some annuity products based upon expected claims and payment patterns, using
assumptions for, among other things, morbidity rates, or likelihood of sickness, and mortality rates, or likelihood of death, of our policyholders and contractholders. The long-term profitability of these products depends upon how our actual
experience compares with our pricing assumptions. For example, if morbidity rates are higher, or mortality rates are lower, than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under long-term care insurance policies and
annuity contracts than we had projected. Conversely, if mortality rates are higher than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under our life and payment protection insurance policies and annuity contracts with
guaranteed minimum death benefits than we had projected. 

The risk that our claims experience may differ significantly from our pricing
assumptions is particularly significant for our long-term care insurance products. Long-term care insurance policies provide for long-duration coverage and, therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge over many years after pricing
assumptions have been established. Moreover, as a relatively new product in the market, long-term care insurance does not have the extensive claims experience history of life insurance, and as a result, our ability to forecast future claim rates for
long-term care insurance is more limited than for life insurance. 

In pricing our payment protection insurance, we also use assumptions
regarding unemployment levels. If unemployment levels are higher than our pricing assumptions, the claims frequency could be higher for our payment protection insurance business than we had projected. 

58 

Table of Contents

We may be required to accelerate the amortization of deferred acquisition costs and the present value of future
profits, which would increase our expenses and reduce profitability. 

Deferred acquisition costs (“DAC”) represent costs which
vary with and are primarily related to the sale and issuance of our insurance policies and investment contracts that are deferred and amortized over the estimated life of the related insurance policies. These costs include commissions in excess of
ultimate renewal commissions, solicitation and printing costs, sales material and some support costs, such as underwriting and contract and policy issuance expenses. Under U.S. GAAP, DAC is subsequently amortized to income, over the lives of the
underlying contracts, in relation to the anticipated recognition of premiums or gross profits. In addition, when we acquire a block of insurance policies or investment contracts, we assign a portion of the purchase price to the right to receive
future net cash flows from existing insurance and investment contracts and policies. This intangible asset, called the present value of future profits (“PVFP”), represents the actuarially estimated present value of future cash flows from
the acquired policies. We amortize the value of this intangible asset in a manner similar to the amortization of DAC. 

Our amortization of
DAC and PVFP generally depends upon anticipated profits from investments, surrender and other policy and contract charges, mortality, morbidity and maintenance expense margins. Unfavorable experience with regard to expected expenses, investment
returns, mortality, morbidity, withdrawals or lapses may cause us to increase the amortization of DAC or PVFP, or both, or to record a charge to increase benefit reserves. 

We regularly review DAC and PVFP to determine if they are recoverable from future income. If these costs are not recoverable, they are charged to
expenses in the financial period in which we make this determination. For example, if we determine that we are unable to recover DAC from profits over the life of a block of insurance policies or annuity contracts, or if withdrawals or surrender
charges associated with early withdrawals do not fully offset the unamortized acquisition costs related to those policies or annuities, we would be required to recognize the additional DAC amortization as a current-period expense. As of
December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively, we had $6.3 billion and $5.6 billion of DAC, and $0.7 billion and $0.7 billion of PVFP. Our net amortization of DAC and PVFP was $0.7 billion, $0.8 billion and $1.1 billion for the years ended
December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. 

We may be required to recognize impairment in the value of our goodwill, which would increase our
expenses and reduce our profitability. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire our subsidiaries and other
businesses over the fair value of their net assets at the date of the acquisition. Under U.S. GAAP, we test the carrying value of goodwill for impairment at least annually at the “reporting unit” level, which is either an operating segment
or a business one level below the operating segment. Goodwill is impaired if the fair value of the reporting unit as a whole is less than the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, plus the carrying value of
goodwill, at the date of the test. For example, goodwill may become impaired if the fair value of a reporting unit as a whole were to decline by an amount greater than the decline in the value of its individual identifiable assets and liabilities.
This may occur for various reasons, including changes in actual or expected income or cash flows of a reporting unit, generation of income by a reporting unit at a lower rate of return than similar businesses or declines in market prices for
publicly traded businesses similar to our reporting units. If any portion of our goodwill becomes impaired, we would be required to recognize the amount of the impairment as a current-period expense. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, we had
$1.7 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, of goodwill related to our Protection and Retirement Income and Investments segments. 

Our reputation in
the long-term care insurance market may be adversely affected if we were to raise premiums on our in-force long-term care insurance products. 

While we have not increased premiums on any direct in-force long-term care policies that we have issued, the terms of all our long-term care insurance policies permit us to increase premiums during the premium-paying 

59 

Table of Contents

period. Any premium increase could have an adverse effect on our reputation, our ability to market and sell new long-term care insurance products, our
ability to retain existing policyholders, agent attrition, independent channel market share and morbidity trends. 

Medical advances, such as genetic
research and diagnostic imaging, and related legislation could adversely affect the financial performance of our life insurance, long-term care insurance and annuities businesses. 

Genetic research includes procedures focused on identifying key genes that render an individual predisposed to specific diseases, such as particular types
of cancer and other diseases. Other medical advances, such as diagnostic imaging technologies, also may be used to detect the early onset of diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disease. We believe that if individuals learn through medical
advances that they are predisposed to particular conditions that may reduce life longevity or require long-term care, they will be more likely to purchase our life and long-term care insurance policies or not to permit existing polices to lapse. In
contrast, if individuals learn that they lack the genetic predisposition to develop the conditions that reduce longevity or require long-term care, they will be less likely to purchase our life and long-term care insurance products but more likely
to purchase certain annuity products. In addition, such individuals that are existing policyholders will be more likely to permit their policies to lapse. 

If we were to gain access to the same genetic or medical information as our prospective policyholders and contractholders, then we would be able to take this information into account in pricing our life and long-term
care insurance policies and annuity contracts. However, there are a number of legislative and regulatory actions and proposals that make, or could make, genetic and other medical information confidential and unavailable to insurance companies.
Pursuant to these legislative and regulatory actions and proposals, prospective policyholders and contractholders would only disclose this information if they chose to do so voluntarily. These factors could lead us to reduce sales of products
affected by these legislative and regulatory actions and proposals and could result in a deterioration of the risk profile of our portfolio, which could lead to payments to our policyholders and contractholders that are higher than we anticipated.

Medical advances also could lead to new forms of preventative care. Preventative care could extend the life and improve the overall health
of individuals. If this were to occur, the duration of payments under certain of our annuity products likely would increase, thereby reducing net income in that business. 

We may face losses if there are significant deviations from our assumptions regarding the future persistency of our insurance policies and annuity contracts. 

The prices and expected future profitability of our insurance and deferred annuity products are based in part upon expected patterns of premiums, expenses
and benefits, using a number of assumptions, including those related to persistency, which is the probability that a policy or contract will remain in-force from one period to the next. The effect of persistency on profitability varies for different
products. For most of our life insurance, group life and health insurance, and deferred annuity products, actual persistency that is lower than our persistency assumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability, especially in the early years
of a policy or contract primarily because we would be required to accelerate the amortization of expenses we deferred in connection with the acquisition of the policy or contract. For our universal life insurance policies, increased persistency that
is the result of the sale of policies by the insured to third parties that continue to make premium payments on policies that would otherwise have lapsed, also known as life settlements, could have an adverse impact on profitability because of the
higher claims rate associated with settled policies. 

For our long-term care insurance and some other health insurance policies, actual
persistency in later policy durations that is higher than our persistency assumptions could have a negative impact on profitability. If these policies remain in-force longer than we assumed, then we could be required to make greater benefit payments
than we had anticipated when we priced these products. This risk is particularly significant in our long-term care insurance business because we do not have the experience history that we have in many of our other businesses. 

60 

Table of Contents

As a result, our ability to predict persistency for long-term care insurance is more limited than for many other products. Some of our long-term care
insurance policies have experienced higher persistency than we had assumed, which has resulted in adverse claims experience. 

Because our
assumptions regarding persistency experience are inherently uncertain, reserves for future policy benefits and claims may prove to be inadequate if actual persistency experience is different from those assumptions. Although some of our products
permit us to increase premiums during the life of the policy or contract, we cannot guarantee that these increases would be sufficient to maintain profitability. Moreover, many of our products do not permit us to increase premiums or limit those
increases during the life of the policy or contract. Significant deviations in experience from pricing expectations regarding persistency could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. 

Regulation XXX may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations by requiring us to increase our statutory reserves for term life and
universal life insurance or incur higher operating costs. 

The Model Regulation entitled “Valuation of Life Insurance
Policies,” commonly known as “Regulation XXX,” requires insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees. In addition, Valuation of Life Insurance Policies
Regulation, as clarified by Actuarial Guideline 38 (more commonly known as “Regulation AXXX”) requires insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for certain universal life policies with secondary guarantees. Virtually all our
newly issued term and universal life insurance business is now affected by Regulation XXX and AXXX, respectively. 

In response to this
regulation, we have increased term and universal life insurance statutory reserves and changed our premium rates for term life insurance products. We also have implemented reinsurance and capital management actions to mitigate the capital and tax
impact of Regulation XXX and AXXX. However, we cannot assure you that there will not be regulatory, tax or other challenges to the actions we have taken to date. The result of those potential challenges could require us to increase statutory
reserves or incur higher operating and/or tax costs. Any change to or repeal of Regulation XXX or AXXX could reduce the competitive advantage of our reinsurance and capital management actions and could adversely affect our market position in the
life insurance market. 

We also cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to implement actions to mitigate the impact of
Regulation XXX or AXXX on future sales of term and universal life insurance products. If we are unable to continue to implement those actions, we may be required to increase statutory reserves, incur higher operating costs than we currently
anticipate, or reduce our sales of these products. We also may have to implement measures that may be disruptive to our business. For example, because term and universal life insurance are particularly price-sensitive products, any increase in
premiums charged on these products in order to compensate us for the increased statutory reserve requirements or higher costs of reinsurance may result in a significant loss of volume and adversely affect our life insurance operations. 

If demand for long-term care insurance continues to decline, we will not be able to execute our strategy to expand our long-term care business. 

We have devoted significant resources to developing our long-term care insurance business, and our growth strategy relies partly upon continued growth of
the sale of this product. In recent years, industry sales of individual long-term care insurance have declined. Annualized first-year premiums for individual long-term care insurance achieved a historical high in 2002 at approximately $1.0 billion
and decreased by 41% to $607.7 million in 2006, according to LIMRA International. We believe this decrease was due primarily to decisions by several providers to cease offering long-term care insurance, to raise premiums on in-force policies and/or
to introduce new products with higher prices. These actions resulted in decreased purchases of long-term care insurance products and have caused some distributors to reduce their sales focus on these products. While our 

61 

Table of Contents

individual long-term care sales have grown 11% over the preceding year, our annualized first-year premiums of long-term care insurance from 2004 to 2006 were
relatively flat. If the market for long-term care insurance continues to decline, we may be unable to realize our growth strategy in this area and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Risks Relating to Our Mortgage Insurance Segment 

Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac and a small number of large mortgage lenders exert significant influence over the U.S. mortgage insurance market. 

Our
mortgage insurance products protect mortgage lenders and investors from default-related losses on residential first mortgage loans made primarily to home buyers with high loan-to-value mortgages—generally, those home buyers who make down
payments of less than 20% of their home’s purchase price. The largest purchasers and guarantors of mortgage loans in the U.S. are Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which were created by Congressional charter to ensure that mortgage lenders have
sufficient funds to continue to finance home purchases. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchased approximately 28% for the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005 and 31% for the year ended December 31, 2004 of all the mortgage loans originated in the
U.S., according to statistics published by 
Inside Mortgage Finance. We believe the reduction in the percentage of mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac has reduced the market size for flow private mortgage insurance. Fannie
Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters generally prohibit them from purchasing any mortgage with a face amount that exceeds 80% of the home’s value, unless that mortgage is insured by a qualified insurer or the mortgage seller retains at
least a 10% participation in the loan or agrees to repurchase the loan in the event of default. As a result, high loan-to-value mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac generally are insured with private mortgage insurance. These provisions
in Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters create much of the demand for private mortgage insurance in the U.S. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are also subject to regulatory oversight by HUD and OFHEO. As of December 31, 2006, Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac purchased the majority of the flow mortgage loans that we insured. As a result, a change in the charter provisions or other statutes or regulations relating to their purchase or guarantee activity could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. 

Increasing consolidation among mortgage lenders resulted in significant customer
concentration for U.S. mortgage insurers. As a result of this significant concentration, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the largest mortgage lenders possess substantial market power, which enables them to influence our business and the mortgage
insurance industry in general. Although we actively monitor and develop our relationships with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and our largest mortgage lending customers, a deterioration in any of these relationships, or the loss of business from any of our
key customers, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if the FHLB’s reduce their purchases of mortgage loans, purchase uninsured mortgage loans or use other credit-enhancement products,
this could have an adverse affect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A decrease in the volume of high loan-to-value home mortgage
originations or an increase in the volume of mortgage insurance cancellations could result in a decline in our revenue. 

We provide
mortgage insurance primarily for high loan-to-value mortgages. Factors that could lead to a decrease in the volume of high loan-to-value mortgage originations include: 

•

 a change in the level of home mortgage interest rates; 

•

 a decline in economic conditions generally, or in conditions in regional and local economies; 

•

 the level of consumer confidence, which may be adversely affected by economic instability, war or terrorist events; 

•

 declines in the price of homes; 

•

 adverse population trends, including lower homeownership rates; 

62 

Table of Contents

•

 high rates of home price appreciation, which in times of heavy refinancing affect whether refinanced loans have loan-to-value ratios that require mortgage
insurance; and 

•

 changes in government housing policy encouraging loans to first-time homebuyers. 

A decline in the volume of high loan-to-value mortgage originations would reduce the demand for mortgage insurance and, therefore, could have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, a significant percentage of the premiums we earn each year in
our U.S. mortgage insurance business are renewal premiums from insurance policies written in previous years. We estimate that approximately 85% of our U.S. gross premiums written in each of the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, were
renewal premiums. As a result, the length of time insurance remains in-force is an important determinant of our mortgage insurance revenues. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and many other mortgage investors in the U.S. generally permit a homeowner to ask
his loan servicer to cancel his mortgage insurance when the principal amount of the mortgage falls below 80% of the home’s value. Factors that tend to reduce the length of time our mortgage insurance remains in-force include: 

•

 declining interest rates, which may result in the refinancing of the mortgages underlying our insurance policies with new mortgage loans that may not require
mortgage insurance or that we do not insure; 

•

 significant appreciation in the value of homes, which causes the size of the mortgage to decrease below 80% of the value of the home and enables the borrower to
request cancellation of the mortgage insurance; and 

•

 changes in mortgage insurance cancellation requirements under applicable federal law or mortgage insurance cancellation practices by mortgage lenders and investors.

Our U.S. policy persistency rates increased from 46% for the year ended December 31, 2003 to 65% and 73% for the
years ended December 31, 2005 and 2006, respectively. A decrease in persistency in the U.S. generally would reduce the amount of our insurance in-force and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. These
factors are less significant in our international mortgage insurance operations because we generally receive a single payment for mortgage insurance at the time a loan closes, and this premium typically is not refundable if the policy is canceled.

The amount of mortgage insurance we write could decline significantly if alternatives to private mortgage insurance are used or lower coverage levels
of mortgage insurance are selected. 

There are a variety of alternatives to private mortgage insurance that may reduce the amount of
mortgage insurance we write. These alternatives include: 

•

 origination of mortgages consisting of two simultaneous loans, known as “simultaneous seconds,” comprising a first mortgage with a loan-to-value ratio of
80% and a simultaneous second mortgage for the excess portion of the loan, instead of a single mortgage with a loan-to-value ratio of more than 80%. Over the past several years, the volume of simultaneous second loans as an alternative to loans
requiring private mortgage insurance has increased substantially; 

•

 using government mortgage insurance programs, including those of the FHA, the VA and CMHC; 

•

 holding mortgages in the lenders’ own loan portfolios and self insuring; 

•

 using programs, such as those offered by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, requiring lower mortgage insurance coverage levels; 

•

 originating and securitizing loans in mortgage backed securities whose underlying mortgages are not insured with private mortgage insurance or which are structured
so that the risk of default lies with the investor, rather than a private mortgage insurer; and 

•

 using credit default swaps or similar instruments, instead of private mortgage insurance, to transfer credit risk on mortgages. 

63 

Table of Contents

A decline in the use of private mortgage insurance in connection with high loan-to-value home mortgages
for any reason would reduce the demand for flow mortgage insurance. We believe in recent quarters there has been a reduction in this demand in part as the result of increasing originations of mortgages that do not meet the eligibility requirements
of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and mortgages that are securitized in mortgage-backed securities that do not use private mortgage insurance. A prolonged decline of this nature could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Our claims expenses would increase and our results of operations would suffer if the rate of defaults on mortgages covered by our mortgage
insurance increases or the severity of such defaults exceeds our expectations. 

Our premium rates vary with the perceived risk of a
claim on the insured loan, which takes into account factors such as the loan-to-value ratio, our long-term historical loss experience, whether the mortgage provides for fixed payments or variable payments, the term of the mortgage, the
borrower’s credit history and the level of documentation and verification of the borrower’s income and assets. Our ability to properly determine eligibility and accurate pricing for the mortgage insurance we issue is dependent upon our
underwriting and other operational routines. These routines may vary across the jurisdictions in which we do business. Deficiencies in actual practice in this area could have an adverse impact on our results. We establish renewal premium rates for
the life of a mortgage insurance policy upon issuance, and we cannot cancel the policy or adjust the premiums after the policy is issued. As a result, we cannot offset the impact of unanticipated claims with premium increases on policies in-force,
and we cannot refuse to renew mortgage insurance coverage. The premiums we agree to charge upon writing a mortgage insurance policy may not adequately compensate us for the risks and costs associated with the coverage we provide for the entire life
of that policy. 

The long-term profitability of our mortgage insurance business depends upon the accuracy of our pricing assumptions and
availability and reliability of underwriting data, which may vary across jurisdictions. If defaults on mortgages increase because of an economic downturn or for reasons we failed to take into account adequately, we would be required to make greater
claim payments than we planned when we priced our policies. Future claims on our mortgage insurance policies may not match the assumptions made in our pricing. An increase in the amount or frequency of claims beyond the levels contemplated by our
pricing assumptions could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In recent years, our results of operations have benefited from historically low loss ratios because of significant home price appreciation and low
levels of defaults. Increases from these recent historic lows could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

As of December 31, 2006, approximately 63% of our U.S. mortgage insurance risk in-force and 61% of our international mortgage insurance risk in-force had not yet reached its anticipated highest claim frequency years, which are
generally between the third and seventh year of the loan. As a result, we expect our loss experience on these loans will increase as policies continue to age. If the claim frequency on the risk in-force significantly exceeds the claim frequency that
was assumed in setting premium rates, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. 

In our
U.S. mortgage insurance business, we also provide mortgage insurance for “Alt A” loans, loans with an initial “Interest Only” payment option and other “non-traditional” loans. Alt A loans are originated under programs
in which there is a reduced level of verification or disclosure of the borrower’s income or assets. Alt A loans typically have a higher default rate than fully documented loans, and we generally charge higher premiums for mortgage insurance on
Alt A loans than on fully documented loans. The Interest Only payment option allows the borrower flexibility to pay interest only or pay interest and as much principal as desired, during an initial period of time. We impose credit score, occupancy
type and loan-to-value restrictions on these loans. Although historical information is limited, we believe interest only loans may pose a higher risk of claims due to features such as deferred amortization of the loan. If defaults on Alt A or
Interest Only or other “non-traditional” loans 

64 

Table of Contents

are higher than the assumptions we made in pricing our mortgage insurance on those loans, then we would be required to make greater claims payments than we
had projected, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A deterioration in economic conditions or a
decline in home price appreciation may adversely affect our loss experience in mortgage insurance. 

Losses in our mortgage insurance
business generally result from events, such as reduction of income, unemployment, divorce, illness and inability to manage credit and interest-rate levels that reduce a borrower’s ability to continue to make mortgage payments. The amount of the
loss we suffer, if any, depends in part on whether the home of a borrower who defaults on a mortgage can be sold for an amount that will cover unpaid principal and interest and the expenses of the sale. A deterioration in economic conditions
generally increases the likelihood that borrowers will not have sufficient income to pay their mortgages and can also adversely affect housing values, which increases our risk of loss. A decline in home price appreciation, whether or not in
conjunction with deteriorating economic conditions, may also increase our risk of loss. 

A substantial economic downturn, or decline in
recent significant home-price appreciation across the entire U.S. or globally could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We also may be particularly affected by economic downturns or declines in
recent significant home-price appreciation in states where a large portion of our business is concentrated. As of December 31, 2006, approximately 49% of our U.S. risk in-force was concentrated in 10 states with 9% in Florida, 7% in Texas and
6% in New York. Similarly, our mortgage insurance operations in Canada, Australia and Europe are concentrated primarily in or around the largest cities in those countries. Continued and prolonged adverse economic conditions or declines in recent
significant home-price appreciation in these states or cities could result in high levels of claims and losses, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A significant portion of our risk in-force consists of loans with high loan-to-value ratios, which generally result in more and larger claims than loans with lower
loan-to-value ratios. 

Mortgage loans with higher loan-to-value ratios typically have claim incidence rates substantially higher than
mortgage loans with lower loan-to-value ratios. In Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, the risks of having a portfolio with a significant portion of high loan-to-value mortgages are greater than in the U.S. and Europe because we generally agree to
cover 100% of the losses associated with mortgage defaults in those markets, compared to percentages in the U.S. and Europe that are typically 12% to 35% of the loan amount. 

Although mortgage insurance premiums for higher loan-to-value ratio loans generally are higher than for loans with lower loan-to-value ratios, the
difference in premium rates may not be sufficient to compensate us for the enhanced risks associated with mortgage loans bearing higher loan-to-value ratios. 

We cede a portion of our U.S. mortgage insurance business to mortgage reinsurance companies affiliated with our mortgage lending customers, and this reduces our profitability. 

We, like other mortgage insurers, offer opportunities to our mortgage lending customers that are designed to allow them to participate in the risks and
rewards of the mortgage insurance business. Many of the major mortgage lenders with which we do business have established captive mortgage reinsurance subsidiaries. These reinsurance subsidiaries assume a portion of the risks associated with the
lender’s insured mortgage loans in exchange for a percentage of the premiums. In most cases, our reinsurance coverage is an “excess of loss” arrangement with a limited band of exposure for the reinsurer. This means that we are
required to pay the first layer of losses arising from defaults in the covered mortgages, the reinsurer indemnifies us for the next layer of losses, and we pay any losses in excess of the reinsurer’s obligations. The effect of these
arrangements historically has been a reduction in the profitability and return on capital of this business to us. Approximately 58% of our U.S. primary new risk written as of December 31, 2006 was subject to captive mortgage reinsurance,
compared to approximately 61% as of December 31, 2005. U.S. premiums ceded to these reinsurers were 

65 

Table of Contents

approximately $136 million, $135 million and $143 million for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. These premium cessions
have adversely affected our profitability and could further reduce profitability if the terms of these arrangements require greater premium cessions. 

We compete with government-owned and government-sponsored entities in our mortgage insurance business, and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions. 

Our mortgage insurance business competes with many different government-owned and government-sponsored entities in the U.S., Canada and some European
countries. In the U.S., these entities include principally the FHA and, to a lesser degree, the VA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as well as local and state housing finance agencies. In Canada, we compete with the CMHC, a Crown corporation owned by
the Canadian government. In Europe, these entities include public mortgage guarantee facilities in a number of countries. 

Those
competitors may establish pricing terms and business practices that may be influenced by motives such as advancing social housing policy or stabilizing the mortgage lending industry, which may not be consistent with maximizing return on capital or
other profitability measures. In addition, those governmental entities typically do not have the same capital requirements that we and other mortgage insurance companies have and therefore may have financial flexibility in their pricing and capacity
that could put us at a competitive disadvantage in some respects. In the event that a government-owned or sponsored entity in one of our markets determines to reduce prices significantly or alter the terms and conditions of its mortgage insurance or
other credit enhancement products in furtherance of social or other goals rather than a profit motive, we may be unable to compete in that market effectively, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We compete in Canada with the CMHC, which is owned by the Canadian government and, as a sovereign entity, provides mortgage lenders with
100% capital relief from bank regulatory requirements on loans that it insures. In contrast, lenders receive only 90% capital relief on loans we insure. CMHC also operates the Canadian Mortgage Bond Program, which provides lenders the ability to
efficiently guaranty and securitize their mortgage loan portfolios. If we are unable to effectively distinguish ourselves competitively with our Canadian mortgage lender customers, we may be unable to compete effectively with the CMHC as a result of
the more favorable capital relief it can provide or the other products and incentives that it offers to lenders. 

Changes in regulations that affect the
mortgage insurance business could affect our operations significantly and could reduce the demand for mortgage insurance. 

In addition
to the general regulatory risks that are described above under “—Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated, and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth,” we are also affected by various additional
regulations relating particularly to our mortgage insurance operations. 

U.S. federal and state regulations affect the scope of our
competitors’ operations, which has an effect on the size of the mortgage insurance market and the intensity of the competition in our mortgage insurance business. This competition includes not only other private mortgage insurers, but also U.S.
federal and state governmental and quasi-governmental agencies, principally the FHA, and to a lesser degree, the VA, which are governed by federal regulations. Increases in the maximum loan amount that the FHA can insure, and reductions in the
mortgage insurance premiums the FHA charges, can reduce the demand for private mortgage insurance. The FHA has also streamlined its down-payment formula and made FHA insurance more competitive with private mortgage insurance in areas with higher
home prices. These and other legislative and regulatory changes could cause demand for private mortgage insurance to decrease. 

Our U.S.
mortgage insurance business, as a credit enhancement provider in the residential mortgage lending industry, also is subject to compliance with various federal and state consumer protection and insurance laws, including the Real Estate Settlement
Procedures Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the 

66 

Table of Contents

Homeowners Protection Act, the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and others. Among other things, these laws prohibit
payments for referrals of settlement service business, require fairness and non-discrimination in granting or facilitating the granting of credit, require cancellation of insurance and refund of unearned premiums under certain circumstances, govern
the circumstances under which companies may obtain and use consumer credit information, and define the manner in which companies may pursue collection activities. Changes in these laws or regulations could adversely affect the operations and
profitability of our mortgage insurance business. For example, the Department of Housing and Urban Development was considering a rule that would exempt certain mortgages that provide a single price for a package of settlement services from the
prohibition in RESPA against payments for referrals of settlement service business. If mortgage insurance were included among the settlement services that, when offered as a package, would be exempt from this prohibition, then mortgage lenders would
have greater leverage in obtaining business concessions from mortgage insurers. 

In May 2002, the Office of Thrift Supervision amended its
capital regulations to remove the 80% loan-to-value standard from the definition of “qualifying mortgage loan”, instead incorporating the federal Interagency Guidelines for Real Estate lending, which do not contain an explicit
loan-to-value standard but provide that an institution should require credit enhancement for a loan with a loan-to-value equal to or exceeding 90%. The capital regulations assign a lower risk weight to qualifying mortgage loans than to
non-qualifying loans. As a result, these amended regulations no longer penalize OTS-regulated institutions for retaining loans that have loan-to-value ratios between 80% and 90% without credit enhancements. Other regulators, including the U.S.
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, also do not explicitly refer to a loan-to-value standard but do refer to the Interagency Guidelines. 

Regulations in Canada require the use of mortgage insurance for all mortgage loans extended by banks, trust companies and insurers with loan-to-value ratios greater than 75%. In November 2006, as a result of a periodic review of the federal
financial services regulatory framework, the Canadian government introduced a bill on setting out a wide variety of changes to the regulations of financial services, including increasing the statutory requirement for mortgage insurance on all loans
with loan-to-value ratios from 75% LTV to greater than 80% LTV. This may result in a reduction in the amount of business we write in future years in Canada. 

The Canadian Department of Finance has informed us that they intend to review the guarantee agreement with the Canadian government and target completion of this by the end of 2007. Although we believe the Canadian
government will preserve the guarantee and maintain competition in the Canadian mortgage industry, we cannot be sure what, if any, changes will be made to the terms of the guarantee. The failure of the Canadian government to maintain the guarantee
on terms similar to the current guarantee could have an adverse effect on our ability to offer mortgage insurance products in Canada and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

APRA regulates all financial institutions in Australia, including general, life and mortgage insurance companies. APRA also determines the minimum
regulatory capital requirements for depository institutions. APRA’s current regulations provide for reduced capital requirements for depository institutions that insure residential mortgages with loan-to-value ratios above 80% (in the case of
“standard” loans) and, from October 1, 2004, with loan-to-value ratios above 60% (in the case of “non-standard” type loans). APRA’s regulations currently require APRA-regulated lenders to determine the criteria for
determining if a loan is a “non-standard” type loan within certain parameters determined by APRA. 

Under proposed rules released
by APRA during 2005 in connection with the Basel II framework, certain approved deposit-taking institutions (“ADIs”) in Australia would be required to hold less capital on high loan-to-value mortgage loans and would also receive a capital
incentive for using mortgage insurance, but at a reduced level when compared to current regulations in Australia. APRA has also proposed that ADIs would need to acquire mortgage insurance coverage levels lower than existing requirements in order to
obtain these reduced capital incentives. We continue to work with APRA on this proposed rulemaking, which is expected to become 

67 

Table of Contents

effective January 1, 2008. If the final rules retain these provisions, lenders in Australia may be able to reduce their use of mortgage insurance for
high loan-to-value ratio mortgages, which may have an adverse affect on our Australian business. 

We believe the revisions to a set of
regulatory rules and procedures governing global bank capital standards that were introduced by the Basel Committee of the Bank for International Settlements, known as Basel II, may encourage growth of international mortgage insurance. Basel II has
been designed to reward banks that have developed effective risk management systems by allowing them to hold less capital than banks with less effective systems. Basel II was finalized and issued in June 2004; however, its adoption by individual
countries internationally and in the U.S. is ongoing. Therefore, we cannot predict the benefits that ultimately will be provided to lenders, or how any such benefits may affect the opportunities for the growth of mortgage insurance. If countries
implement Basel II in a manner that does not reward lenders for using mortgage insurance as a credit risk mitigant on high loan-to-value mortgage loans, or if lenders conclude that mortgage insurance does not provide sufficient capital incentives,
then we may have to revise our product offerings to meet the new requirements and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our U.S.
mortgage insurance business could be adversely affected by legal actions under RESPA. 

RESPA prohibits paying lenders for the referral
of settlement services, including mortgage insurance. This precludes us from providing services to mortgage lenders free of charge, charging fees for services that are lower than their reasonable or fair market value, and paying fees for services
that others provide that are higher than their reasonable or fair market value. In addition, RESPA prohibits persons from giving or accepting any portion or percentage of a charge for a real estate settlement service, other than for services
actually performed. A number of lawsuits, including some that were class actions, have challenged the actions of private mortgage insurers, including our company, under RESPA, alleging that the insurers have provided or received products or services
at improperly set prices in return for the referral of mortgage insurance. We and several other mortgage insurers, without admitting any wrongdoing, reached a settlement in these cases. We cannot predict whether plaintiffs will institute new
litigation against private mortgage insurers, including us, seeking damages or under relief under RESPA. In addition, U.S. federal and state officials are authorized to enforce RESPA and to seek civil and criminal penalties, and we cannot predict
whether these proceedings might be brought against us or other mortgage insurers. Any such proceedings could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Potential liabilities in connection with our U.S. contract underwriting services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We offer contract underwriting services to many of our mortgage lenders in the U.S., pursuant to which our employees and contractors work directly with
the lender to determine whether the data relating to a borrower and a proposed loan contained in a mortgage loan application file complies with the lender’s loan underwriting guidelines or the investor’s loan purchase requirements. In
connection with that service, we also compile the application data and submit it to the automated underwriting systems of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which independently analyze the data to determine if the proposed loan complies with their investor
requirements. 

Under the terms of our contract underwriting agreements, we agree to indemnify the lender against losses incurred in the
event that we make material errors in determining whether loans processed by our contract underwriters meet specified underwriting or purchase criteria, subject to contractual limitations on liability. As a result, we assume credit and interest rate
risk in connection with our contract underwriting services. Worsening economic conditions, a deterioration in the quality of our underwriting services or other factors could cause our contract underwriting liabilities to increase and have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we have established reserves to provide for potential claims in connection with our contract underwriting services, we have limited historical experience that we can use to
establish reserves for these potential liabilities, and these reserves may not be adequate to cover liabilities that may arise. 

68 

Table of Contents

If the European and other mortgage insurance markets do not grow as we expect, we will not be able to execute our
strategy to expand our business into these markets. 

We have devoted resources to marketing our mortgage insurance products in Europe
and other parts of the world, and we plan to continue these efforts. Our growth strategy depends partly upon the development of favorable legislative and regulatory policies throughout Europe that support increased homeownership and provide capital
relief for institutions that insure their mortgage loan portfolios with private mortgage insurance. In furtherance of these policies, we have collaborated with government agencies to develop bank regulatory capital requirements that provide
incentives to lenders to implement risk transfer strategies such as mortgage insurance, as well as governmental policies that encourage homeownership as a wealth accumulation strategy for borrowers with limited resources to make large down payments.
We have invested, and we will continue to invest, significant resources to advocate such a regulatory environment at the national and regional levels. However, if legislative and regulatory agencies fail to adopt these policies, then these markets
for high loan-to-value lending and mortgage insurance may not expand as we currently anticipate, and our growth strategy in those markets may not be successful. 

Other Risks 

We have agreed to make payments to GE based on the projected amounts of certain tax savings we expect to realize as a result
of the IPO. We will remain obligated to make these payments even if we do not realize the related tax savings and the payments could be accelerated in the event of certain changes in control. 

We entered into a tax matters agreement with GE in connection with the IPO. We refer to this agreement as the Tax Matters Agreement. Under the Tax Matters
Agreement, we have an obligation to pay GE a fixed amount over approximately the next 16 years. This fixed obligation, the estimated present values of which were $380 million and $379 million as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively,
equals 80% (subject to a cumulative $640 million maximum amount) of the tax savings projected as a result of the IPO. Even if we fail to generate sufficient taxable income to realize the projected tax savings, we will remain obligated to pay GE, and
this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. We could also, subject to regulatory approval, be required to pay GE on an accelerated basis in the event of certain changes in control of our company. In
connection with the sale of our group life and health insurance business previously mentioned, we are required to pay GE approximately $30 million pursuant to the Tax Matters Agreement at or prior to the closing of the sale. This payout represents
accelerated tax benefits. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws and our Tax Matters Agreement with GE may discourage takeover
attempts and business combinations that stockholders might consider in their best interests. 

Our certificate of incorporation and
by-laws include provisions that may have anti-takeover effects and may delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that our stockholders might consider in their best interests. For example, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws: 

•

 permit our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders and take action by written consent; and 

•

 impose advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at stockholder meetings. 

Under our Tax Matters Agreement with GE, if any person or group of persons other than GE or its affiliates gains the power to direct the management and
policies of our company, we could become obligated immediately 

69 

Table of Contents

to pay to GE the total present value of all remaining tax benefit payments due to GE over the full term of the agreement. The estimated present value of our
fixed obligation as of December 31, 2006 was $380 million. Similarly, if any person or group of persons other than us or our affiliates gains effective control of one of our subsidiaries, we could become obligated to pay to GE the total present
value of all such payments due to GE allocable to that subsidiary, unless the subsidiary assumes the obligation to pay these future amounts under the Tax Matters Agreement and certain conditions are met. The acceleration of payments would be subject
to the approval of certain state insurance regulators, and we are obligated to use our reasonable best efforts to seek these approvals. This feature of the agreement could adversely affect a potential merger or sale of our company. It could also
limit our flexibility to dispose of one or more of our subsidiaries, with adverse implications for any business strategy dependent on such dispositions.