You
should carefully consider the following risks. These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ
materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. These risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under
“Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements” and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010. 

Risks Relating to Our Businesses 

Downturns and volatility in global economies and equity and credit markets could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our results of operations are materially affected by the state of the global economies in which we operate and conditions
in the capital markets we access. Factors such as higher unemployment, lower consumer spending, lower business investment, higher government spending, the volatility and strength of the global capital markets, and inflation all affect the business
and economic environment and, ultimately, the amount and profitability of our business. The recessionary state and the volatility of many economies have fueled uncertainty and downturns in global mortgage markets have contributed to increased
volatility in our business and results of operations. This uncertainty and volatility has impacted, and may continue to impact, the demand for certain financial and insurance products. As a result, we may experience an elevated incidence of claims
and lapses or surrenders of policies, and some of our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. 

If domestic and international equity and credit markets experience heightened volatility and turmoil, issuers that have exposure to the mortgage and credit markets would be particularly affected. These
events would have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have exposure to such issuers in our investment portfolio and also because such events can influence customer behavior. In addition, given continuing economic challenges, issuers of the
fixed-income securities and commercial mortgage loans that we own may default on principal and interest payments and we could experience significant declines in the value of our investment portfolio. Securities that are less liquid could also become
more difficult to value and could be hard to dispose of in this economic environment. 

The economic downturn has had, and
continues to have, an adverse effect on our ability to efficiently access capital markets for capital management purposes, including the issuance of fixed and floating rate non-recourse funding obligations for purposes of supporting our term and
universal life insurance products. If credit markets remain tight, this could have a continuing adverse impact on our profitability, liquidity and access to funding opportunities. 

Downturns and volatility in equity markets may also cause some existing customers to withdraw cash values or reduce investments in our
separate account products, which include variable annuities. In addition, if the performance of the underlying mutual funds in the separate account products experience downturns and volatility for an extended period of time, the payment of any
living benefit guarantee available in certain variable annuity products may have an adverse effect on us, because more payments will be required to come from general account assets than from contractholder separate account investments. Continued
equity market volatility could result in additional losses in our variable annuity products and associated hedging program which will further challenge our ability to recover deferred acquisition costs (“DAC”) on these products and could
lead to additional write-offs of DAC, as well as increased hedging costs. 

Our revenues and returns from our mutual fund
wrapped and separately managed account products and services could also be impacted by downturns and volatility in equity markets. Because these products and services generate fees generally from the value of assets under management, a decline in
the equity markets 

52 

Table of Contents

could reduce our revenues by reducing the value of the investment assets we manage. Downturns in equity markets could also lead to an increase in liabilities associated with secondary guarantee
features, such as guaranteed minimum benefits on separate account products, where we have equity market risk exposure. 

A downgrade or a
potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could result in a loss of business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Financial strength ratings, which various rating agencies publish as measures of an insurance company’s ability to meet contractholder and policyholder obligations, are important to maintaining
public confidence in our products, the ability to market our products and our competitive position. Credit ratings, which rating agencies publish as measures of an entity’s ability to repay its indebtedness, are important to our ability to
raise capital through the issuance of debt and to the cost of such financing. 

A ratings downgrade could occur for a variety
of reasons, including reasons specifically related to our company, generally related to our industry or the broader financial services industry or as a result of changes by the rating agencies in their methodologies or rating criteria. A negative
outlook on our ratings or a downgrade in any of our financial strength or credit ratings, the announcement of a potential downgrade, or customer concerns about the possibility of a downgrade, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. These direct or indirect effects could include: 

•

 reducing new sales of insurance products, annuities and other investment products; 

•

 requiring us to modify some of our existing products or services to remain competitive, or introduce new products or services;

•

 adversely affecting our relationships with key distributors, independent sales intermediaries and our dedicated sales specialists, including the loss
of exclusivity under certain agreements with our independent sales intermediaries; 

•

 materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contractholders and policyholders; 

•

 requiring us to post additional collateral or terminate contracts under the terms of agreements with derivative counterparties, or to provide support
in the form of collateral, capital contributions or letters of credit under the terms of certain of our reinsurance, securitization and other agreements; 

•

 adversely affecting our ability to maintain reinsurance assumed or obtain new reinsurance or obtain it on reasonable pricing terms;

•

 adversely affecting our ability to raise capital; and 

•

 increasing our cost of borrowing. 

In addition, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac require maintenance of a financial strength rating by at least two out of three listed rating agencies (S&P, Fitch and Moody’s) of at least
“AA-”/“Aa3” (as applicable); otherwise additional limitations or requirements may be in the case of Fannie Mae or will be in the case of Freddie Mac imposed for eligibility to insure loans purchased by the GSEs. In February 2008,
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac temporarily suspended their ratings requirements for top tier mortgage insurers, subject to submission of an acceptable remediation plan. We have submitted remediation plans to both GSEs and to date have not been
advised that either intends to impose additional requirements upon us. As of December 31, 2010, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchased the majority of the flow loans we insured in the United States. An inability to insure mortgage loans sold
to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or their transfer of our existing policies to an alternative mortgage insurer, would have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Interest rate fluctuations and levels could adversely affect our business and profitability. 

Our insurance and investment products are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations and expose us to the risk that falling interest rates or
credit spreads will reduce our margin or the difference between the returns we earn 

53 

Table of Contents

on the investments that support our obligations under these products and the amounts that we must pay to policyholders and contractholders. Because we may reduce the interest rates we credit on
most of these products only at limited, pre-established intervals, and because some contracts have guaranteed minimum interest crediting rates, declines in interest rates have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the
profitability of these products. 

During periods of increasing market interest rates, we may offer higher crediting rates on
interest-sensitive products, such as universal life insurance and fixed annuities, and we may increase crediting rates on in-force products to keep these products competitive. In addition, rapidly rising interest rates may cause increased policy
surrenders, withdrawals from life insurance policies and annuity contracts and requests for policy loans, as policyholders and contractholders shift assets into higher yielding investments. Increases in crediting rates, as well as surrenders and
withdrawals, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our life and long-term care
insurance products also expose us to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. The pricing and expected future profitability of these products are based in part on expected investment returns. Over time, life and long-term care insurance products
generally produce positive cash flows as customers pay periodic premiums, which we invest as they are received. Low interest rates reduce our ability to achieve our targeted investment margins and may adversely affect the profitability of our life
and long-term care insurance products. 

In both the U.S. and international mortgage markets, rising interest rates generally
reduce the volume of new mortgage originations. A decline in the volume of new mortgage originations would have an adverse effect on our new mortgage insurance written. Rising interest rates also can increase the monthly mortgage payments for
insured homeowners with adjustable rate mortgages (“ARMs”) that could have the effect of increasing default rates on ARM loans and thereby increasing our exposure on our mortgage insurance policies. This is particularly relevant in our
international mortgage insurance business where ARMs are the predominant mortgage product. 

Declining interest rates
historically have increased the rate at which borrowers refinance their existing mortgages, thereby resulting in cancellations of the mortgage insurance covering the refinanced loans. Declining interest rates historically also have contributed to
home price appreciation, which may provide borrowers in the United States with the option of cancelling their mortgage insurance coverage earlier than we anticipated when pricing that coverage. These cancellations could have an adverse effect on our
results from our U.S. mortgage insurance business. However, under current housing market conditions, we are in a period of home price depreciation in a majority of markets. Consequently, some borrowers in the United States do not have sufficient
equity to allow refinancing of existing higher rate ARMs for lower rate mortgage loans, an action that would typically result in the cancellation of existing mortgage insurance coverage. Such borrowers are now contributing to higher delinquencies
and foreclosures where they are not able to meet the reset higher monthly payments due under the terms of the underlying ARMs. These developments have had an adverse impact on our U.S. mortgage insurance business. 

Interest rate fluctuations also could have an adverse effect on the results of our investment portfolio. During periods of declining
market interest rates, the interest we receive on variable interest rate investments decreases. In addition, during those periods, we are forced to reinvest the cash we receive as interest or return of principal on our investments in lower-yielding
high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns. Issuers of fixed-income securities may also decide to prepay their obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates, which exacerbates the risk that we may
have to invest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit instruments. During periods of increasing interest rates, market values of our interest rate hedges will decline which will require us to post additional
collateral with our derivative counterparties. 

54 

Table of Contents

Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our access to capital and may
affect our ability to meet liquidity or refinancing requirements in the future. 

In the event market or other conditions
have an adverse impact on our capital and liquidity needs beyond expectations and our sources of liquidity do not satisfy our needs, we could have to seek additional funding. Funding sources could potentially include the generation of proceeds from
the sale of assets (including assets in our investment portfolio, blocks of business or all or a portion of a business) or the incurrence of additional debt. In addition, funding sources could potentially include issuing equity, with any decision to
issue equity thoroughly considering the degree to which such an equity issuance would dilute current stockholders’ value. All such funding sources can have various impacts on our financial condition, including book value, and results of
operations. 

The availability of additional funding will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, regulatory
considerations, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, the level of activity and availability of reinsurers or acquirers of assets, our credit ratings and credit capacity and the
performance of and outlook for our business. Market conditions may make it difficult to obtain funding or complete asset sales to generate additional liquidity, especially on short notice. Our access to funding may be further impaired if our credit
or financial strength ratings are negatively impacted. 

Our valuation of fixed maturity, equity and trading securities may include
methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

Fixed maturity, equity and trading securities are reported at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. They represent the majority
of our total cash, cash equivalents and invested assets. Our portfolio of fixed maturity securities consists primarily of investment grade securities. Valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater
estimation, as well as valuation methods that are more sophisticated or require greater estimation, thereby resulting in values that are less certain and may vary significantly from the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. The
methodologies, estimates and assumptions we use in valuing our investment securities evolve over time and are subject to different interpretation (including based on developments in relevant accounting literature), all of which can lead to changes
in the value of our investment securities. Rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of investment securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements, and the
period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Defaults, downgrades or other events impacting the value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio may reduce our income. 

We are subject to the risk that the issuers or guarantors of fixed maturity securities we own may default on principal or interest payments they owe us. As of December 31, 2010, fixed maturity
securities of $55.2 billion in our investment portfolio represented 77% of our total cash, cash equivalents and invested assets. Events reducing the value of our investment portfolio other than on a temporary basis could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Levels of write-downs or impairments are impacted by our assessment of the financial condition of the issuer, whether or not the issuer is expected to pay its principal and
interest obligations or circumstances that would require us to sell securities which have declined in value. Continued volatility and uncertainty in the sub-prime and Alt-A residential market have resulted in increased delinquency rates and these
developments have had an adverse impact on our investments in securities backed by sub-prime and Alt-A residential mortgage loans. The credit quality of our hybrid securities may be adversely impacted by the level and type of government support,
including the risk that these institutions could be restricted from making discretionary payments of principal or interest. If we determine to reposition or realign portions of the portfolio where we determine to sell certain securities in an
unrealized loss position, then we will incur an other-than-temporary impairment charge. 

55 

Table of Contents

Defaults on our commercial mortgage loans or the mortgage loans underlying our investments in commercial
mortgage-backed securities and volatility in performance may adversely affect our profitability. 

Our commercial mortgage
loans and investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities face default risk. Commercial mortgage loans are stated on our consolidated balance sheets at unpaid principal balance, adjusted for any unamortized premium or discount, deferred fees or
expenses, and are net of impairments and valuation allowances. We establish valuation allowances for estimated impairments as of the balance sheet date based on information, such as the market value of the underlying real estate securing the loan,
any third-party guarantees on the loan balance or any cross collateral agreements and their impact on expected recovery rates. Commercial mortgage-backed securities are stated on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. In addition, some of
our commercial mortgage loans and the underlying mortgage loans supporting our investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities have balloon payment maturities. 

Further, any concentration of geographic or sector exposure in our commercial mortgage loans or the mortgage loans underlying our investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities may have adverse
effects on our investment portfolio and consequently on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. While we seek to mitigate this risk by having a broadly diversified portfolio, events or developments that have a negative effect
on any particular geographic region or sector may have a greater adverse effect on the investment portfolios to the extent that the portfolios are exposed. 

We may be required to recognize additional impairments in the value of our goodwill, which would increase our expenses and reduce our U.S. GAAP profitability. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire our subsidiaries and other businesses over the fair value of their net
assets at the date of the acquisition. Under U.S. GAAP, we test the carrying value of goodwill for impairment at least annually at the “reporting unit” level, which is either an operating segment or a business one level below the operating
segment. Goodwill is impaired if the fair value of the reporting unit as a whole is less than the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, plus the carrying value of goodwill, at the date of the test. For example,
goodwill may become impaired if the fair value of a reporting unit as a whole were to decline by an amount greater than the decline in the value of its individually identifiable assets and liabilities. This may occur for various reasons, including
changes in actual or expected income or cash flows of a reporting unit or generation of income by a reporting unit at a lower rate of return than similar businesses or for decreases in our market capitalization. If any portion of our goodwill
becomes impaired, we would be required to recognize the amount of the impairment as a non-cash expense in the current period. See note 8 in our consolidated financial statements under “Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data” for additional information related to goodwill. 

If the counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements or to the derivative
instruments we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We routinely execute reinsurance and derivative transactions with brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other
institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. We use reinsurance and derivative instruments to mitigate our risks in various circumstances. Reinsurance does not
relieve us of our direct liability to our policyholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to us. Accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers. We cannot assure you that our reinsurers will pay the reinsurance recoverable owed to
us now or in the future or that they will pay these recoverables on a timely basis. A reinsurer’s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. 

56 

Table of Contents

Prior to the completion of our IPO, we ceded to UFLIC substantially all of our in-force
structured settlements block of business, variable annuity business and the long-term care insurance assumed from MetLife Insurance Company of Connecticut as of December 31, 2003. UFLIC has established trust accounts for our benefit to secure
its obligations under the reinsurance arrangements, and General Electric Capital Corporation (“GE Capital”), an indirect subsidiary of General Electric Company (“GE”), has agreed to maintain UFLIC’s RBC above a specified
minimum level. If UFLIC becomes insolvent notwithstanding this agreement, and the amounts in the trust accounts are insufficient to pay UFLIC’s obligations to us, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. 

In addition, we use derivative instruments to hedge various business risks. We enter into a variety of derivative
instruments, including options and interest rate and currency swaps with a number of counterparties. If our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under the derivative instruments, our hedges of the related risk will be
ineffective. This failure could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

An adverse change in our
risk-based capital and other regulatory requirements could result in a decline in our ratings and/or increased scrutiny by regulators and have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our domestic life insurance company subsidiaries are subject to RBC standards and other minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements
imposed under the laws of their respective states of domicile. The failure of our insurance subsidiaries to meet applicable RBC requirements or minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements could subject our insurance subsidiaries to further
examination or corrective action imposed by state insurance regulators, including limitations on their ability to write additional business, state supervision, seizure or liquidation. 

Our domestic mortgage insurers are not subject to the NAIC’s RBC requirements but are required by certain states and other
regulators to maintain a certain risk-to-capital ratio. The failure of our domestic mortgage insurance subsidiaries to meet their regulatory requirements could limit our ability to write new business. As of January 31, 2011, our primary U.S.
mortgage insurance subsidiary, GEMICO, slightly exceeded the 25:1 risk-to-capital requirement. However, GEMICO was granted a revocable two-year risk-to-capital waiver, effective January 31, 2011, by the NCDOI. The waiver, which the NCDOI can
modify or terminate at its discretion, gives GEMICO the ability to continue to write new business in North Carolina during the period covered by the waiver, notwithstanding that GEMICO’s risk-to-capital ratio exceeds 25:1. Given that the NCDOI
is GEMICO’s domiciliary insurance regulator, the effect of the waiver similarly extends to the 34 states that do not have their own risk-to-capital requirements, thereby enabling GEMICO to continue to write business in those states so long as
it is permitted to do so in North Carolina under the NCDOI’s waiver or because its risk-to-capital ratio decreases below 25:1. Further, so as to be able to write new business out of GEMICO in the remaining states which do have separate minimum
risk-to-capital requirements, we are also pursuing similar waivers of the risk-to-capital requirement with other state regulators where the authority to grant a waiver exists. Additionally, our international insurance subsidiaries also have minimum
regulatory requirements which vary by country. 

An adverse change in our RBC, risk-to-capital ratio or other minimum
regulatory requirements also could cause rating agencies to downgrade the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries and the credit ratings of our holding company, which would have an adverse impact on our ability to write and
retain business. Certain actions by regulators or rating agencies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

If our reserves for future policy claims are inadequate, we may be required to increase our reserve liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

We calculate and maintain reserves for estimated future payments of claims to our policyholders and contractholders in
accordance with U.S. GAAP and industry accounting practices. We release these reserves as 

57 

Table of Contents

those future obligations are extinguished. The reserves we establish reflect estimates and actuarial assumptions with regard to our future experience. These estimates and actuarial assumptions
involve the exercise of significant judgment. Our future financial results depend significantly upon the extent to which our actual future experience is consistent with the assumptions we have used in pricing our products and determining our
reserves. Many factors can affect future experience, including economic and social conditions, inflation, healthcare costs, policyholder persistency (resulting in adverse claims experience), and changes in doctrines of legal liability and damage
awards in litigation. Therefore, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts we will pay for actual claims or the timing of those payments. 

We regularly monitor our reserves. If we conclude that our reserves are insufficient to cover actual or expected policy and contract benefits and claim payments, we would be required to increase our
reserves and incur charges for the period in which we make the determination, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and may put additional strain on our available liquidity. 

As a holding company, we depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us to pay dividends and to meet our obligations.

We act as a holding company for our subsidiaries and do not have any significant operations of our own. Dividends from our
subsidiaries and permitted payments to us under our tax sharing arrangements with our subsidiaries are our principal sources of cash to meet our obligations. These obligations include our operating expenses and interest and principal on our current
and any future borrowings. These obligations also include amounts we owe to GE under the Tax Matters Agreement. If the cash we receive from our subsidiaries pursuant to dividends and tax sharing arrangements is insufficient for us to fund any of
these obligations, or if a subsidiary is unable to pay dividends to us, we may be required to raise cash through the incurrence of debt, the issuance of additional equity or the sale of assets. 

The payment of dividends and other distributions to us by each of our insurance subsidiaries is regulated by insurance laws and
regulations. In general, dividends in excess of prescribed limits are deemed “extraordinary” and require insurance regulatory approval. In addition, insurance regulators may prohibit the payment of ordinary dividends or other payments by
our insurance subsidiaries to us (such as a payment under a tax sharing agreement or for employee or other services) if they determine that such payment could be adverse to our policyholders or contractholders. 

Additionally, as a public company that is traded on the TMX, Genworth Canada is subject to securities laws and regulation in each
province in Canada, as well as the rules of the TMX. These applicable laws, regulations and rules include but are not limited to, obligations and procedures in respect of the equal and fair treatment of all shareholders of Genworth Canada. Although
the board of directors of Genworth Canada is composed of a majority of Genworth nominees, under Canadian law each director has an obligation to act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of Genworth Canada. Accordingly, actions
taken by Genworth Canada and its board of directors (including the payment of dividends to us) are subject to, and may be limited by, the laws, regulations and rules applicable to such entities. 

Competitors could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability. 

Our businesses are subject to intense competition. We believe the principal competitive factors in the sale of our products are product
features, product investment returns, price, commission structure, marketing and distribution arrangements, brand, reputation, financial strength ratings and service. In many of our product lines, we face competition from competitors that have
greater market share or breadth of distribution, offer a broader range of products, services or features, assume a greater level of risk, have lower profitability expectations or have higher financial strength ratings than we do. Many competitors
offer similar products and use similar distribution channels. The appointment of a receiver to rehabilitate or liquidate a significant competitor could also negatively impact our businesses if such appointment were to impact consumer confidence in
industry products and services. 

58 

Table of Contents

Reinsurance may not be available, affordable or adequate to protect us against losses. 

As part of our overall risk and capital management strategy, we have historically purchased reinsurance from external reinsurers as well
as provided internal reinsurance support for certain risks underwritten by our various business segments. The availability and cost of reinsurance protection are impacted by our operating and financial performance as well as conditions beyond our
control. For example, volatility in the equity markets and the related impacts on asset values required to fund liabilities may reduce the availability of certain types of reinsurance and make it more costly when it is available, as reinsurers are
less willing to take on credit risk in a volatile market. Accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain sufficient new reinsurance on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect our
ability to write future business or obtain statutory capital credit for new reinsurance. 

Our focus on key distribution relationships may
expose us to reduced sales in the future. 

Although we distribute our products through a wide variety of distribution
models, we do maintain relationships with key distribution partners. These distribution partners are an integral part of our business model. If capital, credit and equity markets experience extreme volatility, we are at risk that key distribution
partners may merge, change their distribution model affecting how our products are sold, or terminate their distribution contract with us. In addition, timing of key distributor adoption of our new product offerings may impact sales of those
products. Distributors may elect to reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us if there are adverse developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions, concerns about market-related risks or the breadth of our product
offerings. Any termination or material change in relationship with a key distribution partner could have a material adverse affect on our future sales for one or more product lines. For example, our decision to cease offering new variable annuity
products could cause distributors to choose to terminate their distribution relationship with us if they elect to focus on our competitors that offer greater product breadth. 

Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 

Our insurance operations are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations. State insurance laws regulate most aspects of our U.S. insurance businesses, and our insurance subsidiaries are regulated by
the insurance departments of the states in which they are domiciled and licensed. Our international operations are principally regulated by insurance regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they are domiciled. 

Insurance regulatory authorities in the United States and internationally have broad administrative powers with respect to, among other
things: 

•

 licensing companies and agents to transact business; 

•

 calculating the value of assets to determine compliance with statutory requirements; 

•

 mandating certain insurance benefits; 

•

 regulating certain premium rates; 

•

 reviewing and approving policy forms; 

•

 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution
arrangements and payment of inducements; 

•

 establishing and revising statutory capital and reserve requirements and solvency standards; 

•

 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and minimum rates for guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance policies and annuity
contracts; 

•

 approving future rate increases; 

59 

Table of Contents

•

 approving changes in control of insurance companies; 

•

 restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates; and 

•

 regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments. 

State insurance regulators and the NAIC regularly re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. In addition, changes proposed to federal regulations in
December 2010 could impact the FHLB program. The FHLB program serves as a low cost alternative funding source for our businesses. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof in the United States, can be made for the benefit
of the consumer, or for other reasons, at the expense of the insurer and thus could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Regulators in the United States and internationally are developing criteria under which they may subject non-bank financial companies, including insurance companies, that are deemed systemically important
to higher regulatory capital requirements and stricter prudential standards. We cannot predict whether we or any of our subsidiaries will be deemed systemically important or how such a designation might impact our business, results of
operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Our mortgage insurance businesses are subject to additional laws and
regulations. For a discussion of the risks associated with those laws and regulations, see “—Risks Relating to Our International Segment” and “—Risks Relating to Our U.S. Mortgage Insurance Segment.” 

Legal and regulatory investigations and actions are common in the insurance business and may result in financial losses and harm our reputation.

We face the risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our
businesses, including class action lawsuits. Our pending legal and regulatory actions include proceedings specific to us and others generally applicable to business practices in the industries in which we operate. In our insurance operations, we
are, have been, or may become subject to class actions and individual suits alleging, among other things, issues relating to sales or underwriting practices, increases to in-force long-term care insurance premiums, payment of contingent or other
sales commissions, bidding practices in connection with our management and administration of a third party’s municipal guaranteed investment contract business, claims payments and procedures, cancellation or rescission of coverage, product
design, product disclosure, administration, additional premium charges for premiums paid on a periodic basis, denial or delay of benefits, charging excessive or impermissible fees on products, recommending unsuitable products to customers, our
pricing structures and business practices in our mortgage insurance businesses, such as captive reinsurance arrangements with lenders and contract underwriting services, violations of RESPA or related state anti-inducement laws and breaching
fiduciary or other duties to customers. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek very large or indeterminate amounts, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In our investment-related operations, we are
subject to litigation involving commercial disputes with counterparties. We are also subject to litigation arising out of our general business activities such as our contractual and employment relationships. In addition, we are also subject to
various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, books and record examinations and market conduct and financial examinations, from state, federal and international regulators and other authorities. A substantial legal liability
or a significant regulatory action against us could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in the litigation, regulatory action or investigation, we could suffer
significant reputational harm, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. At this time, it is not feasible to predict, nor determine, the ultimate outcomes of any pending investigations and
legal proceedings, nor to provide reasonable ranges of possible losses. 

For further discussion of current investigations and
proceedings in which we are involved, see “Item 3—Legal Proceedings.” We cannot assure you that these investigations and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations. It is also possible that we could become subject to further investigations and have lawsuits filed or enforcement actions initiated against us. In 

60 

Table of Contents

addition, increased regulatory scrutiny and any resulting investigations or proceedings could result in new legal precedents and industry-wide regulations or practices that could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our computer systems may fail or their security may be compromised, which
could damage our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business is highly
dependent upon the effective operation of our computer systems. We rely on these systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing claims and applications, providing information to customers and distributors,
performing actuarial analyses and maintaining financial records. Despite the implementation of security and back-up measures, our computer systems may be vulnerable to physical or electronic intrusions, computer viruses or other attacks, programming
errors and similar disruptive problems. The failure of these systems for any reason could cause significant interruptions to our operations, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

We retain confidential information in our computer systems, and we rely on sophisticated commercial technologies
to maintain the security of those systems. Anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures and penetrate our computer systems could access, view, misappropriate, alter, or delete any information in the systems, including personally
identifiable customer information and proprietary business information. In addition, an increasing number of states and foreign countries require that customers be notified if a security breach results in the disclosure of personally identifiable
customer information. Any compromise of the security of our computer systems that results in inappropriate disclosure of personally identifiable customer information could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter people from purchasing our
products, subject us to significant civil and criminal liability and require us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. 

The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or a pandemic could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We are exposed to various risks arising out of natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and tornadoes,
and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions and pandemics. For example, a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could lead to unexpected changes in persistency rates as policyholders and contractholders who are
affected by the disaster may be unable to meet their contractual obligations, such as payment of premiums on our insurance policies, deposits into our investment products, and mortgage payments on loans insured by our mortgage insurance policies.
They could also significantly increase our mortality and morbidity experience above the assumptions we used in pricing our insurance and investment products. The continued threat of terrorism and ongoing military actions may cause significant
volatility in global financial markets, and a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could trigger an economic downturn in the areas directly or indirectly affected by the disaster. These consequences could, among other things, result in a
decline in business and increased claims from those areas, as well as an adverse effect on home prices in those areas, which could result in increased loss experience in our mortgage insurance businesses. Disasters or a pandemic also could disrupt
public and private infrastructure, including communications and financial services, which could disrupt our normal business operations. 

A natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could also disrupt the operations of our counterparties or result in increased prices for the products and services they provide to us. For example, a natural
or man-made disaster or a pandemic could lead to increased reinsurance prices and potentially cause us to retain more risk than we otherwise would retain if we were able to obtain reinsurance at lower prices. In addition, a disaster or a pandemic
could adversely affect the value of the assets in our investment portfolio if it affects companies’ ability to pay principal or interest on their securities. See “—We may face losses if there are significant deviations from our
assumptions regarding the future persistency of our insurance policies and annuity contracts” and “—A further deterioration in economic conditions or a further decline in home prices may adversely affect our loss experience in
mortgage insurance.” 

61 

Table of Contents

The enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act will subject us to
additional federal regulation, and we cannot predict the effect of such regulation on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was enacted and signed into law. The Dodd-Frank Act made extensive changes to the laws regulating financial services firms and requires various federal agencies to
adopt a broad range of new implementing rules and regulations. 

Among other provisions, the Dodd-Frank Act provides for a new
framework of regulation of OTC derivatives markets which will require us to clear certain types of transactions currently traded in the OTC derivative markets and may limit our ability to customize certain derivative transactions for our needs. In
addition, we will likely experience additional collateral requirements and costs associated with derivative transactions. The Dodd-Frank Act also authorizes the SEC to adopt regulations that could impose heightened standards of care on sellers of
our variable or other registered products, which could adversely affect our sales of and reduce our margins on these products. 

In the case of our U.S. mortgage insurance business, the Dodd-Frank Act requires securitizers to retain some of the risk associated with
mortgage loans they sell or securitize, unless the mortgage loans are “qualified residential mortgages” or unless the securitization or security is partially or fully exempted by regulations to be promulgated. Depending on whether and to
what extent loans with mortgage insurance are considered “qualified residential mortgages” for purposes of the Dodd-Frank Act’s securitization provisions or “qualified mortgages” for purposes of the ability to repay
provisions, this legislation could have a material adverse affect on the amount of new mortgage insurance that we write. The Dodd-Frank Act may in any case reduce the volume of new mortgage loans issued, which could reduce the amount of new mortgage
insurance we write. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act creates a Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, which may issue rules or regulations that indirectly affect our mortgage insurance business or result in additional compliance burdens and costs.

Federal agencies have been given significant discretion in drafting the rules and regulations that will implement the
Dodd-Frank Act. Consequently, many of the details and much of the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act may not be known for some time. In addition, this legislation mandated multiple studies and reports for Congress, which could result in additional
legislative or regulatory action. 

We cannot predict the requirements of the regulations ultimately adopted under the
Dodd-Frank Act, the affect such regulations will have on financial markets generally, or on our businesses specifically, the additional costs associated with compliance with such regulations, or any changes to our operations that may be necessary to
comply with the Dodd-Frank Act, any of which could have a material adverse affect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Changes in accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard-setting bodies could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our financial statements are subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which is periodically revised and/or expanded.
Accordingly, from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board. It is possible that future accounting standards we are
required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

62 

Table of Contents

We have significant deferred tax assets, and any impairments of or valuation allowances against these
deferred tax assets in the future could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The
realizability of deferred tax assets may be limited for various reasons, including if projected future taxable income becomes insufficient to recognize the full benefit of our net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards prior to their
expiration. Additionally, our ability to fully use these tax assets will also be adversely affected if we have an “ownership change” within the meaning of Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. An ownership
change is generally defined as a greater than 50% increase in equity ownership by “5% shareholders” (as that term is defined for purposes of Section 382) in any three-year period. Future changes in our stock ownership, depending on
the magnitude, including the purchase or sale of our common stock by 5% shareholders, and issuances or redemptions of common stock by us, could result in an ownership change that would trigger the imposition of limitations under Section 382.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that in the future we will not experience limitations with respect to recognizing the benefits of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes for which limitations could have a material adverse affect on our
results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Risks Relating to Our Retirement and Protection Segment 

We may face losses if morbidity rates or mortality rates differ significantly from our pricing expectations. 

We set prices for our insurance and some annuity products based upon expected claims and payment patterns, using assumptions for, among
other things, morbidity rates, or likelihood of sickness, and mortality rates, or likelihood of death, of our policyholders and contractholders. The long-term profitability of these products depends upon how our actual experience compares with our
pricing assumptions. For example, if morbidity rates are higher, or mortality rates are lower, than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under long-term care insurance policies and annuity contracts than we had
projected. Conversely, if mortality rates are higher than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under our life insurance policies and annuity contracts with GMDBs than we had projected. 

The risk that our claims experience may differ significantly from our pricing assumptions is particularly significant for our long-term
care insurance products. Long-term care insurance policies provide for long-duration coverage and, therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge over many years after pricing assumptions have been established. For example, changes in
socio-demographics and behavioral trends may have an adverse impact on our future loss trends. Moreover, long-term care insurance does not have the extensive claims experience history of life insurance, and as a result, our ability to forecast
future claim rates for long-term care insurance is more limited than for life insurance. 

We may be required to accelerate the amortization
of deferred acquisition costs and the present value of future profits, which would increase our expenses and reduce profitability. 

DAC represents costs that relate to the sale and issuance of our insurance policies and investment contracts that are deferred and amortized over the estimated life of the related insurance policies and
investment contracts. These costs include certain commissions, solicitation and printing costs, sales material and some support costs, such as underwriting and contract and policy issuance expenses. Under U.S. GAAP, DAC is subsequently amortized to
income, over the lives of the underlying contracts, in relation to the anticipated recognition of premiums or gross profits. In addition, when we acquire a block of insurance policies or investment contracts, we assign a portion of the purchase
price to the right to receive future net cash flows from the acquired block of insurance and investment contracts and policies. This intangible asset, called the present value of future profits (“PVFP”), represents the actuarially
estimated present value of future cash flows from the acquired policies. We amortize the value of this intangible asset in a manner similar to the amortization of DAC. 

Our amortization of DAC and PVFP generally depends upon anticipated profits from investments, surrender and other policy and contract charges, mortality, morbidity and maintenance expense margins.
Unfavorable 

63 

Table of Contents

experience with regard to expected expenses, investment returns, mortality, morbidity, withdrawals or lapses may cause us to increase the amortization of DAC or PVFP, or both, or to record a
charge to increase benefit reserves. 

We regularly review DAC and PVFP to determine if they are recoverable from future
income. If these costs are not recoverable, they are charged to expenses in the financial period in which we make this determination. For example, if we determine that we are unable to recover DAC from profits over the life of a block of insurance
policies or annuity contracts, or if withdrawals or surrender charges associated with early withdrawals do not fully offset the unamortized acquisition costs related to those policies or annuities, we would be required to recognize the additional
DAC amortization as an expense in the current period. Equity market volatility could result in losses in our variable annuity products and associated hedging program which could challenge our ability to recover DAC on these products and could lead
to further write-offs of DAC. 

Our reputation in the long-term care insurance market may be adversely affected by the rate actions
currently being implemented on our in-force long-term care insurance products and by any rate actions we may take in the future. 

Although the terms of all our long-term care insurance policies permit us to increase premiums during the premium-paying period, rate actions, by us or our competitors, could limit our ability to continue
to market and sell new long-term care insurance products and our ability to retain existing policyholders, agents and independent channel market share. In addition, we cannot predict how our policyholders, agents and competitors may react to any
rate actions we may take in the future. 

Medical advances, such as genetic research and diagnostic imaging, and related legislation could
adversely affect the financial performance of our life insurance, long-term care insurance and annuity businesses. 

Genetic
research includes procedures focused on identifying key genes that render an individual predisposed to specific diseases, such as particular types of cancer and other diseases. Other medical advances, such as diagnostic imaging technologies, also
may be used to detect the early onset of diseases such as cancer and cardiovascular disease. We believe that if individuals learn through medical advances that they are predisposed to particular conditions that may reduce life longevity or require
long-term care, they will be more likely to purchase our life and long-term care insurance policies or not to permit existing policies to lapse. In contrast, if individuals learn that they lack the genetic predisposition to develop the conditions
that reduce longevity or require long-term care, they will be less likely to purchase our life and long-term care insurance products but more likely to purchase certain annuity products. In addition, such individuals that are existing policyholders
will be more likely to permit their policies to lapse. 

If we were to gain access to the same genetic or medical information
as our prospective policyholders and contractholders, then we would be able to take this information into account in pricing our life and long-term care insurance policies and annuity contracts. However, there have been a number of legislative and
regulatory actions and proposals that make, or could make, genetic and other medical information confidential and unavailable to insurance companies. Pursuant to these legislative and regulatory actions and proposals, prospective policyholders and
contractholders would only disclose this information if they chose to do so voluntarily. These factors could lead us to reduce sales of products affected by these legislative and regulatory actions and proposals and could result in a deterioration
of the risk profile of our portfolio, which could lead to payments to our policyholders and contractholders that are higher than we anticipated. 

Medical advances could also lead to new forms of preventive care. Preventive care could extend the life and improve the overall health of individuals. If this were to occur, the duration of payments under
certain of our annuity products likely would increase, thereby reducing profitability in that business. 

64 

Table of Contents

We may face losses if there are significant deviations from our assumptions regarding the future
persistency of our insurance policies and annuity contracts. 

The prices and expected future profitability of our insurance
and deferred annuity products are based in part upon expected patterns of premiums, expenses and benefits, using a number of assumptions, including those related to persistency, which is the probability that a policy or contract will remain in-force
from one period to the next. The effect of persistency on profitability varies for different products. For most of our life insurance and deferred annuity products, actual persistency that is lower than our persistency assumptions could have an
adverse impact on profitability, primarily because we would be required to accelerate the amortization of expenses we deferred in connection with the acquisition of the policy or contract. For our universal life insurance policies, increased
persistency that is the result of the sale of policies by the insured to third parties that continue to make premium payments on policies that would otherwise have lapsed, also known as life settlements, could have an adverse impact on profitability
because of the higher claims rate associated with settled policies. 

For our long-term care insurance and some other health
insurance policies, actual persistency in later policy durations that is higher than our persistency assumptions could have a negative impact on profitability. If these policies remain in-force longer than we assumed, then we could be required to
make greater benefit payments than we had anticipated when we priced these products. This risk is particularly significant in our long-term care insurance business because we do not have the experience history that we have in many of our other
businesses. As a result, our ability to predict persistency for long-term care insurance is more limited than for many other products. Some of our long-term care insurance policies have experienced higher persistency than we had assumed, which has
resulted in adverse claims experience. 

Because our assumptions regarding persistency experience are inherently uncertain,
reserves for future policy benefits and claims may prove to be inadequate if actual persistency experience is different from those assumptions. Although some of our products permit us to increase premiums during the life of the policy or contract,
we cannot guarantee that these increases would be sufficient to maintain profitability or that such increases would be approved by regulators. Moreover, many of our products do not permit us to increase premiums or limit those increases during the
life of the policy or contract. Significant deviations in experience from pricing expectations regarding persistency could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. 

We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to continue to implement actions to mitigate the impact of Regulations XXX or AXXX and as a result we may incur higher operating costs that could have
an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We have increased term and universal life
insurance statutory reserves in response to the Model Regulation entitled “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies,” commonly known as “Regulation XXX,” and the Valuation of Life Insurance Policies Regulation, as clarified by
Actuarial Guideline 38 (more commonly known as “Regulation AXXX”) and have taken steps to mitigate the impact the regulations have had on our business, including increasing premium rates and implementing capital solutions. We cannot
provide assurance that we will be able to continue to implement actions to mitigate further impacts of Regulations XXX or AXXX on our term and universal life insurance products. Recent market conditions have limited the capacity or increased prices
for these reserve funding options. If capacity continues to be limited for a prolonged period of time, our ability to obtain new funding for these structures may be hindered. Additionally, we cannot provide assurance that there will not be
regulatory, tax or other challenges to the actions we have taken to date. The result of those potential challenges could require us to increase statutory reserves or incur higher operating and/or tax costs. 

If demand for long-term care insurance either declines or remains flat, we may not be able to execute our strategy to expand our long-term care
insurance business. 

We have devoted significant resources to developing our long-term care insurance business and our
growth strategy relies partly upon continued growth of the sale of this product. In recent years, industry sales of individual long-term care insurance have varied. In some years, sales have declined while in other years sales

65 

Table of Contents

have grown moderately. Annualized first-year premiums for individual long-term care insurance achieved a historical high in 2002 at approximately $1.0 billion and decreased by 41% to
approximately $608 million in 2006, according to LIMRA International, Inc. We believe that the decrease during this period was due primarily to decisions by several providers to cease offering long-term care insurance, to raise premiums on in-force
policies and/or to introduce new products with higher prices. These actions resulted in decreased purchases of long-term care insurance products and have caused some distributors to reduce their sales focus on these products. In the fourth quarter
of 2010, one of our competitors announced its intent to exit the long-term care insurance market effective January 1, 2011. In addition, several competitors have announced their intent to seek rate actions on their individual and certain group
long-term care insurance products. These announcements by competitors, coupled with our announcement, in October 2010, that we plan to file for a premium rate increase of 18% on two blocks of older long-term care insurance policies, could result in
market disruption or decreases in sales of long-term care insurance policies. In addition, certain aspects of healthcare reform, such as the Community Living Assistance Services and Supports (“CLASS”) Act, could impact demand for our
long-term care insurance business. If the market for long-term care insurance continues to remain flat or declines, we may be unable to realize our growth strategy in this area and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

Risks Relating to Our International Segment 

We have significant operations internationally that could be adversely affected by changes in political or economic stability or government policies where we operate. 

We have a presence in more than 25 countries around the world. Global economic and regulatory developments could affect our business in
many ways. For example, our operations are subject to local laws and regulations, which in many ways are similar to the state laws and regulations outlined above. Many of our international customers and independent sales intermediaries also operate
in regulated environments. Changes in the regulations that affect their operations also may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or to distribute our products. These changes could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may increase materially our direct and indirect
compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Local regional and global economic conditions, including changes in housing markets, employment levels, government benefit levels, credit markets, trade levels, inflation, recession and currency
fluctuations, as discussed above, also could affect our international businesses. Political changes, some of which may be disruptive, can interfere with our customers and all of our activities in a particular location. Attempts to mitigate these
risks can be costly and are not always successful. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and international securities markets
could negatively affect our profitability. 

Our international operations generate revenues denominated in local currencies
and because we derive a significant portion of our income from non-U.S.-denominated revenue, our results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent the dollar value of non-U.S.-denominated revenue is reduced due to a strengthening of
the U.S. dollar. We generally invest cash generated by our international operations in securities denominated in local currencies. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, approximately 22% and 15%, respectively, of our invested assets were held by
our international operations and were invested primarily in non-U.S.-denominated securities. Although investing in securities denominated in local currencies limits the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuation on local operating results, we
remain exposed to the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates as we translate the operating results of our foreign operations into our consolidated financial statements. We currently do not hedge this exposure, and as a result, period-to-period
comparability of our results of operations is affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. Our investments in non-U.S.-denominated securities are subject to fluctuations in non-U.S. securities and currency markets, and those markets can be volatile.
Non-U.S. currency fluctuations also affect the value of any dividends paid by our non-U.S. subsidiaries to their parent companies in the United States. 

66 

Table of Contents

We may face higher than anticipated losses if unemployment rates differ significantly from our pricing
expectations. 

We set prices for our lifestyle protection insurance products based upon expected claims and payment
patterns. For our employment-related products, these expectations reflect our assumptions regarding unemployment levels. The long-term profitability of many of these products depends upon how our actual experience compares with our pricing
assumptions with the exception being many of our monthly premium accounts, where we have the ability to re-price our in-force policies in the event of higher than anticipated unemployment-related losses. If unemployment levels are higher than our
pricing assumptions, the claims frequency could be higher for our lifestyle protection insurance business than we had projected. Additionally, rising unemployment rates can impact a borrower’s ability to pay their mortgage, thereby increasing
the likelihood that we could incur additional losses in our international mortgage insurance business. 

Our claims expenses would increase
and our results of operations would suffer if the rate of defaults on mortgages covered by our mortgage insurance increases or the severity of such defaults exceeds our expectations. 

As in the United States, deterioration in economic conditions internationally may increase the likelihood that borrowers in a given
country will not have sufficient income to pay their mortgages, and can also adversely affect home values, which increases our risk of loss. A decline in home prices, whether or not in conjunction with deteriorating economic conditions, would also
increase our risk of loss. A substantial economic downturn or decline in home prices could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We also may be particularly affected by economic downturns or
reversals of recent significant home price appreciation in areas where a large portion of our business is concentrated. 

A significant
portion of our international mortgage insurance risk in-force consists of loans with high loan-to-value ratios, which generally result in more and larger claims than loans with lower loan-to-value ratios. 

Mortgage loans with higher loan-to-value ratios typically have claim incidence rates substantially higher than mortgage loans with lower
loan-to-value ratios. In Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, the risks of having a portfolio with a significant portion of high loan-to-value mortgages are greater than in the United States and Europe because we generally agree to cover 100% of the
losses associated with mortgage defaults in those markets, compared to percentages in the United States and Europe that are typically 12% to 35% of the loan amount. 

Although mortgage insurance premiums for higher loan-to-value ratio loans generally are higher than for loans with lower loan-to-value ratios, the difference in premium rates may not be sufficient to
compensate us for the enhanced risks associated with mortgage loans bearing higher loan-to-value ratios. 

Our international mortgage
insurance business is subject to substantial competition from government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises, and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions. 

Like our U.S. mortgage insurance business, our international mortgage insurance business competes with government-owned and
government-sponsored enterprises. In Canada, we compete with CMHC, a Crown corporation owned by the Canadian government. In Europe, these enterprises include public mortgage guarantee facilities in a number of countries. Like government-owned and
government-sponsored enterprises in the United States, these competitors may establish pricing terms and business practices that may be influenced by motives such as advancing social housing policy or stabilizing the mortgage lending industry, which
may not be consistent with maximizing return on capital or other profitability measures. In the event that a government-owned or sponsored entity in one of our markets determines to reduce prices significantly or alter the terms and

67 

Table of Contents

conditions of its mortgage insurance or other credit enhancement products in furtherance of social or other goals rather than a profit motive, we may be unable to compete in that market
effectively, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See “—We compete with government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises in our U.S. mortgage insurance business, and this may put us
at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions.” 

In Canada, CMHC is a sovereign entity that
provides mortgage lenders a lower capital charge and a 100% government guarantee as compared to loans covered by our policy which benefit from a 90% government guarantee. CMHC also operates the Canadian Mortgage Bond Program, which provides lenders
the ability to efficiently guaranty and securitize their mortgage loan portfolios. If we are unable to effectively distinguish ourselves competitively with our Canadian mortgage lender customers, under current market conditions or in the future, we
may be unable to compete effectively with CMHC as a result of the more favorable capital relief it can provide or the other products and incentives that it offers to lenders. 

Recent conditions in the international financial markets could lead other countries to nationalize our competitors or establish competing governmental agencies, which would further limit our competitive
position in international markets and, therefore, materially affect our results of operations. 

Changes in regulations could affect our
international operations significantly and could reduce the demand for mortgage insurance. 

In addition to the general
regulatory risks that are described above under “—Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth,” we are also affected by various additional regulations
relating particularly to our international mortgage insurance operations. 

In the second quarter of 2008, the aggregate cap
for guaranteed polices of all Canadian licensed mortgage insurers was increased to CAD$250.0 billion, which facilitates our ongoing ability to offer mortgage insurance products under the Government Guarantee Agreement. The failure of the Canadian
government to maintain the Government Guarantee Agreement on terms similar to the current Government Guarantee Agreement could have an adverse effect on our ability to offer mortgage insurance products in Canada and could adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. In July 2008, the Government of Canada announced adjustments to the rules for government guaranteed mortgages. We have incorporated these adjustments into our underwriting guidelines effective
October 15, 2008. These new standards have resulted in a modest reduction of mortgage originations in Canada. Legislation became effective in Canada in 2010 that among other things, amends the statutes applicable to federally regulated lenders
to prohibit such lenders from charging borrowers amounts for mortgage insurance that exceed the lender’s actual costs and impose new disclosure obligations in respect of mortgage insurance. In 2010, the Canadian government made additional
changes, and in January 2011, it announced further adjustments to the rules for government guaranteed mortgages, which are more fully described above under “International Mortgage Insurance – Canada – Government Guarantee.”

As also described under “International Mortgage Insurance – Canada – Government Guarantee,” an amendment
to the Government Guarantee Agreement has been completed. The Canadian Department of Finance has informed us that they intend to continue to review the Government Guarantee Agreement and we remain engaged in ongoing discussions with Department of
Finance officials on this matter. Although we believe the Canadian government will preserve the Government Guarantee Agreement in order to maintain competition in the Canadian mortgage industry, we cannot be sure that will be the case or what, if
any, changes will be made to the terms of the Government Guarantee Agreement. 

APRA regulates all financial institutions in
Australia, including general, life and mortgage insurance companies. APRA also determines the minimum regulatory capital requirements for depository institutions. APRA’s current regulations provide for reduced capital requirements for certain
depository institutions that insure residential mortgages with an “acceptable” mortgage insurer for all non-standard mortgages and for standard mortgages with loan-to-value ratios above 80%. APRA’s regulations currently set out a
number of circumstances in which a loan may be considered to be non-standard from a depository institution’s perspective. 

68 

Table of Contents

Under rules adopted by APRA effective January 1, 2008, in connection with the revisions
to a set of regulatory rules and procedures governing global bank capital standards that were introduced by the Basel Committee of the Bank for International Settlements, certain ADIs in Australia are now required to hold less capital on high
loan-to-value mortgage loans and will receive a capital incentive for using mortgage insurance, but at a reduced level, and potentially limited to the higher risk portions of their loan portfolios, when compared to previous regulations in Australia.
The rules also provide that ADIs would need to acquire mortgage insurance coverage levels lower than existing requirements in order to obtain these reduced capital incentives. Accordingly, lenders in Australia may be able to reduce their use of
mortgage insurance for high loan-to-value ratio mortgages, or limit their use to the higher risk portions of their portfolios, which may have an adverse affect on our Australian mortgage insurance business. 

In December 2010, the revisions to a set of regulatory rules and procedures governing global bank capital standards were introduced by
the Basel Committee of the Bank for International Settlements to strengthen regulatory capital requirements for banks, known as Basel III. Although we believe these revisions may encourage further use of mortgage insurance as a risk and capital
management tool in international markets; its adoption by individual countries internationally and in the United States has only begun and we cannot be sure that this will be the case. Since the Basel III framework continues to evolve, we cannot
predict the mortgage insurance benefits, if any, that ultimately will be provided to lenders, or how any such benefits may affect the opportunities for the growth of mortgage insurance. If countries implement Basel III in a manner that does not
reward lenders for using mortgage insurance as a credit risk mitigant on high loan-to-value mortgage loans, or if lenders conclude that mortgage insurance does not provide sufficient capital incentives, then we may have to revise our product
offerings to meet the new requirements and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

During 2010, APRA issued
detailed proposals to revise the capital requirements for all insurers it regulates. APRA is currently revising its original proposals following receipt of feedback from the industry. Publication of the new capital requirement regulations
is expected sometime in 2011 with an effective date in 2013. We are currently unable to determine the impact that these new regulations will have on our regulatory capital requirements. 

Risks Relating to Our U.S. Mortgage Insurance Segment 

Our claims expenses and loss
reserves have increased in recent periods and could continue to increase if the rate of defaults on mortgages covered by our mortgage insurance continues to increase, and in some cases we expect that paid claims and loss reserves will increase.

Since 2007, we have experienced increases in paid claims and increases in loss reserves as a result of a significant
increase in delinquencies and foreclosures in our more recent books of business, particularly those of 2005, 2006, 2007 and the first half of 2008. This impact was evident in all products across all regions of the country and was particularly
evident in our A minus, Alt-A, ARMs and certain 100% loan-to-value products in Florida, California, Arizona and Nevada. In addition, throughout the United States, we have experienced an increase in the average loan balance of mortgage loans,
including on delinquent loans, as well as a significant decline in home price appreciation, which has turned negative in the majority of U.S. markets. Certain regions around the country, particularly Florida, California, Arizona, Nevada and
Michigan, continue to experience an economic slowdown. 

The foregoing factors have contributed to, and are expected to
continue to contribute to, an increase in our incurred losses and loss reserves. While approximately 93% of our primary risk in-force in the United States is considered prime, based on FICO credit scores of the underlying mortgage loans, continued
low or negative home price appreciation, coupled with worsening economic conditions, is likely to cause further increases in our incurred losses and related loss ratios. As of December 31, 2010 and 2009, approximately 36% and 58%, respectively,
of our U.S. mortgage insurance risk in-force had not yet reached its anticipated highest claim frequency years, which are generally between the third and seventh year of the loan. As a result, we expect our

69 

Table of Contents

loss experience will increase as policies continue to age. If the claim frequency on the risk in-force significantly exceeds the claim frequency that was assumed in setting premium rates, our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. 

During 2010, we experienced higher
levels of paid claims and a decline in the level of loan modifications for borrowers of mortgage loans underlying our delinquency population. If the loan modification trend worsens in 2011 beyond our expectations, we would expect further aging of
our delinquent loan inventory, which would pressure our loss reserves. Additionally, if elevated levels of unemployment or underemployment continue or increase in 2011, we would expect further increases in delinquencies and foreclosures to cause
upward pressure on our paid claims and loss reserves. With respect to home prices, while housing inventory has demonstrated some improvement in recent months, the inventory of available homes has increased. The inventory of homes on the market is
expected to rise substantially as vacant properties make their way through the foreclosure process. As these homes eventually make their way through an already strained and unpredictable foreclosure cycle and increase an already high level of
inventory of homes available for sale, we expect home prices to be pressured downward depending upon the level and timing of this process. These conditions could result in an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

Our premium rates vary with the perceived risk of a claim on the insured loan, which takes into account factors such as the
loan-to-value ratio, our long-term historical loss experience, whether the mortgage provides for fixed payments or variable payments, the term of the mortgage, the borrower’s credit history and the level of documentation and verification of the
borrower’s income and assets. Our ability to properly determine eligibility and accurate pricing for the mortgage insurance we issue is dependent upon our underwriting and other operational routines. These underwriting routines may vary across
the jurisdictions in which we do business. Deficiencies in actual practice in this area could have an adverse impact on our results. We establish renewal premium rates for the life of a mortgage insurance policy upon issuance, and we cannot cancel
the policy or adjust the premiums after the policy is issued. As a result, we cannot offset the impact of unanticipated claims with premium increases on policies in-force, and we cannot refuse to renew mortgage insurance coverage. The premiums we
agree to charge upon writing a mortgage insurance policy may not adequately compensate us for the risks and costs associated with the coverage we provide for the entire life of that policy. 

Certain types of mortgages have higher probabilities of claims. These include Alt-A loans, loans with an initial Interest Only payment
option and other non-traditional loans that we have insured in prior years, including A minus loans and 100% loan-to-value products. Alt-A loans are originated under programs in which there are a reduced level of verification or disclosure of the
borrower’s income or assets and a higher historical and expected default rate than standard documentation loans. Standard documentation loans include loans with reduced or different documentation requirements that meet specifications of GSE
approved underwriting systems with historical and expected delinquency rates consistent with our standard portfolio. The Interest Only payment option allows the borrower flexibility to pay interest only or pay interest and as much principal as
desired, during an initial period of time. A minus loans generally are loans where the borrowers have FICO credit scores between 575 and 660, and where the borrower has a blemished credit history. A material portion of our Alt-A and Interest Only
loans was written in 2005 through 2007. At the end of 2007, we began to adopt changes to our underwriting guidelines to substantially eliminate new insurance on these loans. However, the new guidelines only affect business written after those
guidelines became effective. Business written before the effectiveness of those guidelines was insured in accordance with the guidelines in effect at time of the commitment, even though that business would not meet the new guidelines. Although
historical information is limited, we believe that Alt-A and Interest Only loans written prior to the adoption of the new guidelines may pose a higher risk of claims that would have an adverse impact on our operating results due to features such as
deferred amortization of the loan principal on an Interest Only product and Interest Only loans that contain an adjustable interest rate feature and may reset to a rate above the existing rate. If defaults on Alt-A or Interest Only or other
non-traditional loans are higher than the assumptions we made in pricing our mortgage insurance on those loans, then we would be required to make greater claims payments than we had projected, which could have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

70 

Table of Contents

Our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum statutory capital requirements and
hazardous financial condition standards which, if not met or waived to the extent needed, could result in restrictions or prohibitions on our doing business and may have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

The recent increase in paid claims and increases in loss reserves have led to a reduction in the statutory capital base of our U.S.
mortgage insurance subsidiaries. Sixteen states have insurance laws or regulations which require a mortgage insurer to maintain a minimum amount of statutory capital relative to the level of risk in-force. While formulations of minimum capital
may vary in certain states, the most common measure applied allows for a maximum permitted risk-to-capital ratio of 25:1. The failure to maintain the prescribed minimum capital level in a particular state would generally require a mortgage insurer
to immediately stop writing new business until it re-establishes the required level of capital or receives a waiver of the requirement from a state’s insurance regulatory authorities. As of December 31, 2010, none of our U.S. mortgage insurance
subsidiaries had a risk-to-capital ratio in excess of 25:1. As of January 31, 2011, GEMICO slightly exceeded the 25:1 risk-to-capital requirement. However, GEMICO was granted a revocable two-year risk-to-capital waiver, effective January 31, 2011,
by the NCDOI. The waiver, which the NCDOI can modify or terminate at its discretion, gives GEMICO the ability to continue to write new business in North Carolina, during the period covered by the waiver, notwithstanding that GEMICO’s
risk-to-capital ratio exceeds 25:1. Given that the NCDOI is GEMICO’s domiciliary insurance regulator, the effect of the waiver similarly extends to the 34 states that do not have their own risk-to-capital requirements, thereby enabling GEMICO
to continue to write business in those states so long as it is permitted to do so in North Carolina under the NCDOI’s waiver or because its risk-to-capital ratio decreases below 25:1. Further, so as to be able to write new business out of
GEMICO in the remaining states which do have separate minimum risk-to-capital requirements, we are also pursuing similar waivers of the risk-to-capital requirement with other state regulators where the authority to grant a waiver exists. In addition
to the NCDOI’s waiver, to date, four states have granted us the authority to continue to write business in their state either by a waiver or an administrative no action letter. Consequently, while we seek additional state waivers, GEMICO
remains authorized to write new business in 39 states. There can be no certainty as to whether and the extent to which such waivers will be granted, or whether any of them will be subject to discretionary modification or early termination by
the regulator, or whether the covered insurer will again meet capital requirements by the end of the waiver period or that an extension of any such waiver would be approved or whether any waiver granted will be terminated or otherwise limited after
being granted. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, the insurance regulator may determine it lacks the authority to grant such a waiver. In anticipation of the possibility that GEMICO would breach its risk-to-capital requirements and a required
waiver might not yet be granted, ultimately approved or maintained in force, we took all requisite steps to enable another of our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries, GRMIC-NC, to write new business in lieu of GEMICO and have begun to do so in any
state where GEMICO is restricted due to its breach of its 25:1 risk-to-capital requirements and where no waiver has been granted. In December 2010, we notified in writing Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac of our intent to write business from GRMIC-NC for
this purpose. Fannie Mae has verbally acknowledged receipt of this notification and has not objected. Freddie Mac recently modified its letter consenting to this arrangement by extending its expiration date to April 30, 2011 and reiterating and
supplementing specified conditions, including that we refrain from utilizing GRMIC-NC except where GEMICO is prohibited from writing business due to a breach of the minimum risk-to-capital requirements and has not obtained a waiver. Freddie Mac and
Fannie Mae retain the right to revoke or limit, or may not extend, GRMIC-NC’s status as an eligible insurer in which event GRMIC-NC would not be able to write business in lieu of GEMICO as planned. GRMIC-NC’s ability to replace GEMICO as
our principal writer of U.S. mortgage insurance is also dependent upon GRMIC-NC continuing to satisfy its own risk-to-capital and hazardous financial condition regulatory requirements, and we cannot provide assurances that under all circumstances
GRMIC-NC will be able to continue to satisfy these requirements. 

It is also likely that during 2011 another of our U.S.
mortgage insurance subsidiaries, Genworth Mortgage Insurance of North Carolina (“GMIC-NC”), will breach its minimum risk-to-capital requirement. GMIC-NC provides reinsurance to certain U.S. mortgage insurance affiliates such as GEMICO in
order for the reinsured affiliate to maintain compliance with certain state law requirements. We have initiated a similar filing process for 

71 

Table of Contents

waivers on the part of GMIC-NC. As to GMIC-NC, in addition to the waivers we are seeking, we may provide such reinsurance out of other mortgage insurance affiliates to the extent they continue to
meet their minimum risk-to-capital requirements and may seek to restructure existing reinsurance arrangements to provide additional capacity for such reinsurance, all of which will be subject to review by the NCDOI and the GSEs and there can be no
assurances as to their approval where required or that they will not otherwise object. At the same time, in order to separately provide us with flexibility to write new business, we are positioning another of our U.S. mortgage insurance
subsidiaries, GRMAC, to write new business. In this regard, the NCDOI approved our filing to fully activate GRMAC, subject to certain conditions, but recently imposed the additional requirement that we must obtain a further approval from the NCDOI
before GEMICO can complete all necessary steps, including capitalization of GRMAC by GEMICO, in order to implement this plan. We continue to work with the NCDOI and the GSEs to obtain approval for GRMAC. 

In addition to the minimum statutory capital requirements, our U.S. mortgage insurance business is subject to standards by which
insurance regulators evaluate the financial condition of the insurer. Typically, regulators are required to evaluate specified criteria to determine whether or not a company may be found to be in hazardous financial condition, in which event
restrictions on the business may be imposed. Among these criteria are formulas used in assessing trends relating to statutory capital. One or more of our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries have from time to time failed to satisfy one or more of
these standards. We typically meet or correspond with pertinent regulators in such circumstances and, to date, no regulator has issued a determination that any of our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries are in hazardous financial condition.
Nevertheless, this evaluation of our U.S. mortgage insurers’ financial condition is ongoing and we presently provide various insurance regulators with substantial financial information for that purpose, the most recent of which is likely to
show further incidents of failure to satisfy the criteria used in evaluating capital trends. We can provide no assurance as to whether or when a regulator may make a determination of hazardous financial condition and for which entity. Such a
determination would likely lead to restrictions or prohibitions on our doing business and may have a material adverse impact on results of operations. 

We expect to continue to investigate insured U.S. mortgage loans and in some cases may rescind coverage, although we cannot give assurance on the extent to which we may continue to realize benefits
from rescissions. 

As part of our loss mitigation efforts, we routinely investigate insured loans to ensure compliance with
applicable guidelines and to detect possible fraud or misrepresentation. As a result, we have, and may in the future, rescind coverage on loans that do not meet our guidelines. In recent periods, we have recognized significant benefits from
rescinding policies for insured loans. While we believe our rescissions are valid and expect additional rescissions based on future investigations, we can give no assurance on the extent to which we may continue to realize benefits from
rescissions. In addition, insured lenders may object to our decision to rescind coverage and we continue to have discussions with certain of those lenders regarding their objections to our rescission actions that in the aggregate are
material. If disputed by the insured and a legal proceeding were instituted, the validity of that rescission would be determined by arbitration or judicial proceedings unless otherwise settled. Further, our loss reserving methodology
includes estimates of the number of loans in our delinquency inventory that will be rescinded. A variance between ultimate rescission rates and these estimates could significantly affect our financial position and results of operations. In the
near term, sales could be reduced or eliminated as a result of a dispute with one or more lenders and such disputes could have an adverse effect on our long-term relationships with those lenders that are impacted. 

72 

Table of Contents

The extent to which loan modifications and other similar programs may provide benefits to our U.S.
Mortgage Insurance segment is uncertain. 

The mortgage finance industry (with government support) has adopted various
programs to modify loans to make them more affordable to borrowers with the goal of reducing the number of foreclosures. The effect on us of a loan modification depends on re-default rates, which in turn can be affected by factors such as changes in
housing values and unemployment. We cannot predict what actual volume of loan modifications will be or the ultimate re-default rate will be, and therefore, we cannot be certain whether these programs will provide material benefits to us. Our
estimates of the number of loans qualifying for modification programs are inherently uncertain. Various government entities and private parties have enacted foreclosure moratoriums. Although a moratorium does not affect the accrual of interest and
other expenses on a loan, our master insurance policies contain covenants that require cooperation and loss mitigation by insured lenders. Unless a loan is modified during a moratorium to cure the default, at the expiration of the moratorium
additional interest and expenses would be due which could result in our losses on loans subject to the moratorium being higher than if there had been no moratorium. 

We may face higher than anticipated losses if unemployment or underemployment rates differ significantly from our expectations. 

We set loss reserves for our U.S. mortgage insurance business based in part on expected claims and delinquency cure rate patterns. These
expectations reflect our assumptions regarding unemployment and underemployment levels. If such levels are higher than those within our loss reserving assumptions, the claims frequency could be higher for our U.S. mortgage insurance business than we
had projected. Additionally, rising unemployment or underemployment rates can impact a borrower’s ability to pay their mortgage, thereby increasing the likelihood that we could incur a loss in our U.S. mortgage insurance business. 

A further deterioration in economic conditions or a further decline in home prices may adversely affect our loss experience in mortgage insurance.

Losses in our U.S. mortgage insurance business generally result from events, such as reduction of income, unemployment,
underemployment, divorce, illness and inability to manage credit and interest rate levels that reduce a borrower’s ability to continue to make mortgage payments. The amount of the loss we suffer, if any, depends in part on whether the home of a
borrower who defaults on a mortgage can be sold for an amount that will cover unpaid principal and interest and the expenses of the sale. A deterioration in economic conditions generally increases the likelihood that borrowers will not have
sufficient income to pay their mortgages and can also adversely affect housing values, which increases our risk of loss. A decline in home prices, whether or not in conjunction with deteriorating economic conditions, may also increase our risk of
loss. 

The United States has experienced an economic slowdown and has seen a pronounced weakness in its housing markets, as
well as declines in home prices. This slowdown and the resulting impact on the housing markets are reflected in our elevated level of delinquencies. However, there has been a lag in the rate at which delinquent loans are going to foreclosure due to
various local and lender foreclosure moratoria as well as servicer and court-related backlog issues. As these loans eventually go to foreclosure, our delinquency counts will be reduced and our paid claims will increase accordingly. In addition,
foreclosure moratoria could cause our losses to increase as expenses accrue for longer periods or if the value of foreclosed homes further decline during such delays. If we experience an increase in delinquencies that is higher than expected, our
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Problems associated with foreclosure process defects may cause
claim payments to be deferred to later periods. 

In the United States, some large mortgage lenders and servicers have
voluntarily suspended foreclosure actions in response to reports that certain mortgage servicers and other parties may have acted improperly in foreclosure proceedings. Where this has occurred, we will evaluate our options under the applicable
master 

73 

Table of Contents

policies to curtail interest and expense payments that could have been avoided absent a delay in the foreclosure action. While delays in foreclosure completion may temporarily delay the receipt
of claims and increase the length of time a loan remains in our delinquent inventory, our estimated claim rates and claim amounts represent our best estimate of what we actually expect to pay on the loans in default as of the reserve date.

Any changes to the role or structure of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae could have an adverse impact on our U.S. mortgage insurance business.

In September 2008, the FHFA was appointed conservator of the GSEs. Congress has stated its intent to examine the role of
the GSEs in the U.S. housing market, and the Obama administration has also stated that it is considering options regarding the future status of the GSEs. If legislation is enacted that reduces or eliminates the need for the GSEs to obtain credit
enhancement on above 80% loan-to-value loans or that otherwise reduces or eliminates the role of the GSEs in single family housing finance, the demand for private mortgage insurance in the United States could be significantly reduced. On
February 11, 2011, the Obama Administration issued a white paper setting forth various proposals to gradually eliminate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. We cannot predict whether or when any proposals will be implemented, and if so in what form, nor
can we predict the effect of such a proposal, if so implemented, would have on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We compete with government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises in our U.S. mortgage insurance business, and this may put us at a competitive
disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions. 

Our U.S. mortgage insurance business competes with
government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises, including the FHA and, to a lesser degree, the VA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as well as local and state housing finance agencies. Since 2008, there has been a significant increase in the
number of loans insured by the FHA. 

Those competitors may establish pricing terms and business practices that may be
influenced by motives such as advancing social housing policy or stabilizing the mortgage lending industry, which may not be consistent with maximizing return on capital or other profitability measures. In addition, those governmental enterprises
typically do not have the same capital requirements that we and other mortgage insurance companies have and therefore may have financial flexibility in their pricing and capacity that could put us at a competitive disadvantage. In the event that a
government-owned or sponsored entity in one of our markets determines to reduce prices significantly or alter the terms and conditions of its mortgage insurance or other credit enhancement products in furtherance of social or other goals rather than
a profit or risk management motive, we may be unable to compete in that market effectively, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in regulations that affect the U.S. mortgage insurance business could affect our operations significantly and could reduce the demand for mortgage insurance. 

In addition to the general regulatory risks that are described above under “—Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated and
changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth” and under “—The enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act will subject us to additional federal regulation, and we cannot
predict the effect of such regulation on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition,” we are also affected by various additional regulations relating particularly to our mortgage insurance operations.

U.S. federal and state regulations affect the scope of our competitors’ operations, which has an effect on the size of
the mortgage insurance market and the intensity of the competition in our mortgage insurance business. This competition includes not only other private mortgage insurers, but also U.S. federal and state governmental and quasi-governmental agencies,
principally the FHA, and to a lesser degree, the VA, which are governed by federal regulations. Increases in the maximum loan amount that the FHA can insure, and reductions in the 

74 

Table of Contents

mortgage insurance premiums the FHA charges, can reduce the demand for private mortgage insurance. In 2010, Congress extended aspects of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
providing for a continuation of raised FHA and GSE loan limits, including the limits for loans in high-cost areas of the country. The FHA has also streamlined its down-payment formula and made FHA insurance more competitive with private mortgage
insurance in areas with higher home prices. These and other legislative and regulatory changes could cause demand for private mortgage insurance to decrease. 

In December 2010, the revisions to a set of regulatory rules and procedures governing global bank capital standards were introduced by the Basel Committee of the Bank for International Settlements to
strengthen regulatory capital requirements for banks, known as Basel III. We believe these revisions may encourage further use of mortgage insurance as a risk and capital management tool in international markets; however, its adoption by individual
countries internationally and in the United States has only begun. Since the Basel III framework continues to evolve, we cannot predict the mortgage insurance benefits, if any, that ultimately will be provided to lenders, or how any such benefits
may affect the opportunities for the growth of mortgage insurance. If countries implement Basel III in a manner that does not reward lenders for using mortgage insurance as a credit risk mitigant on high loan-to-value mortgage loans, or if lenders
conclude that mortgage insurance does not provide sufficient capital incentives, then we may have to revise our product offerings to meet the new requirements and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our U.S. mortgage insurance business, as a credit enhancement provider in the residential mortgage lending industry, also is subject to
compliance with various federal and state consumer protection and insurance laws, including RESPA, the ECOA, the FHA, the Homeowners Protection Act, the FCRA, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and others. Among other things, these laws prohibit
payments for referrals of settlement service business, providing services to lenders for no or reduced fees or payments for services not actually performed, require fairness and non-discrimination in granting or facilitating the granting of credit,
require cancellation of insurance and refund of unearned premiums under certain circumstances, govern the circumstances under which companies may obtain and use consumer credit information, and define the manner in which companies may pursue
collection activities. Changes in these laws or regulations could adversely affect the operations and profitability of our U.S. mortgage insurance business. 

Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and a small number of large mortgage lenders exert significant influence over the U.S. mortgage insurance market. 

Our U.S. mortgage insurance products protect mortgage lenders and investors from default-related losses on residential first mortgage
loans made primarily to home buyers with high loan-to-value mortgages, generally, those home buyers who make down payments of less than 20% of their home’s purchase price. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchased approximately 63%, 70% and 60% for
the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, of all the mortgage loans originated in the United States, according to statistics published by Inside Mortgage Finance. We believe the increase in the percentage of
mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac has increased the market size for flow private mortgage insurance during 2010. However, while Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s purchase activity increased in 2010, mortgage insurance
penetration did not increase proportionately due to a combination of tighter mortgage insurance guidelines and the impact of GSE loan-level pricing on high loan-to-value loans. Changes by the GSEs in underwriting requirements or pricing terms on
mortgage purchases could affect the market size for private mortgage insurance. Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters generally prohibit them from purchasing any mortgage with a face amount that exceeds 80% of the home’s value,
unless that mortgage is insured by a qualified insurer or the mortgage seller retains at least a 10% participation in the loan or agrees to repurchase the loan in the event of default. As a result, high loan-to-value mortgages purchased by Fannie
Mae or Freddie Mac generally are insured with private mortgage insurance. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac independently establish eligibility standards for U.S. mortgage insurers. The provisions in Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters create
much of the demand for private mortgage insurance in the United States. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are also subject to regulatory oversight by HUD and the FHFA. As of December 31, 2010, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchased the majority of the
flow mortgage 

75 

Table of Contents

loans that we insured. As a result, a change in the charter provisions or other statutes or regulations relating to their purchase or guarantee activity, as well as to the mortgage insurer
eligibility standards, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Increasing
consolidation among mortgage lenders, including the recent mergers in the U.S. banking industry, will continue to result in significant customer concentration for U.S. mortgage insurers. As a result of this significant concentration, Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac and the largest mortgage lenders possess substantial market power, which enables them to influence our business and the mortgage insurance industry in general. Although we actively monitor and develop our relationships with Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac and our largest mortgage lending customers, a deterioration in any of these relationships, or the loss of business from any of our key customers, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, if the FHLBs reduce their purchases of mortgage loans, purchase uninsured mortgage loans or use other
credit-enhancement products, this could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A decrease in the
volume of high loan-to-value home mortgage originations or an increase in the volume of mortgage insurance cancellations could result in a decline in our revenue. 

We provide mortgage insurance primarily for high loan-to-value mortgages. Factors that could lead to a decrease in the volume of high loan-to-value mortgage originations include: 

•

 a change in the level of home mortgage interest rates; 

•

 a decline in economic conditions generally, or in conditions in regional and local economies; 

•

 the level of consumer confidence, which may be adversely affected by economic instability, war or terrorist events; 

•

 declines in the price of homes; 

•

 adverse population trends, including lower homeownership rates; 

•

 high rates of home price appreciation, which in times of heavy refinancing affect whether refinanced loans have loan-to-value ratios that require
mortgage insurance; and 

•

 changes in government housing policy encouraging loans to first-time home buyers. 

Many of these factors have emerged in the current economic downturn. A decline in the volume of high loan-to-value mortgage originations
would reduce the demand for mortgage insurance and, therefore, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, a significant percentage of the premiums we earn each year in our U.S. mortgage insurance business are renewal premiums from insurance policies written in previous years. We estimate that
approximately 95%, 96% and 85%, respectively, of our U.S. gross premiums earned in each of the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008 were renewal premiums. As a result, the length of time insurance remains in-force is an important
determinant of our mortgage insurance revenues. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and many other mortgage investors in the United States generally permit a homeowner to ask his loan servicer to cancel his mortgage insurance when the principal amount of the
mortgage falls below 80% of the home’s value. Factors that tend to reduce the length of time our mortgage insurance remains in-force include: 

•

 declining interest rates, which may result in the refinancing of the mortgages underlying our insurance policies with new mortgage loans that may not
require mortgage insurance or that we do not insure; 

•

 significant appreciation in the value of homes, which causes the size of the mortgage to decrease below 80% of the value of the home and enables the
borrower to request cancellation of the mortgage insurance; and 

76 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in mortgage insurance cancellation requirements under applicable federal law or mortgage insurance cancellation practices by mortgage lenders
and investors. 

Our U.S. policy persistency rates increased from 46% for the year ended December 31,
2003 to 85%, 84% and 85% for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively. A decrease in persistency in the United States generally would reduce the amount of our insurance in-force and have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. However, higher persistency on certain products, especially A minus, Alt-A, ARMs and certain 100% loan-to-value loans, could have an adverse effect if claims generated by such products continue to increase.

The amount of mortgage insurance we write could decline significantly if alternatives to private mortgage insurance are used or lower
coverage levels of mortgage insurance are selected. 

There are a variety of alternatives to private mortgage insurance that
may reduce the amount of mortgage insurance we write. These alternatives include: 

•

 originating mortgages that consist of two simultaneous loans, known as “simultaneous seconds,” comprising a first mortgage with a
loan-to-value ratio of 80% and a simultaneous second mortgage for the excess portion of the loan, instead of a single mortgage with a loan-to-value ratio of more than 80%; 

•

 using government mortgage insurance programs, including those of the FHA and the VA; 

•

 holding mortgages in the lenders’ own loan portfolios and self-insuring; 

•

 using programs, such as those offered by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, requiring lower mortgage insurance coverage levels; 

•

 originating and securitizing loans in mortgage-backed securities whose underlying mortgages are not insured with private mortgage insurance or which
are structured so that the risk of default lies with the investor, rather than a private mortgage insurer; and 

•

 using credit default swaps or similar instruments, instead of private mortgage insurance, to transfer credit risk on mortgages.

A decline in the use of private mortgage insurance in connection with high loan-to-value home mortgages for
any reason would reduce the demand for flow mortgage insurance. 

We cede a portion of our U.S. mortgage insurance business to mortgage
reinsurance companies affiliated with our mortgage lending customers, and this could reduce our profitability. 

We, like
other mortgage insurers, offer opportunities to our mortgage lending customers that are designed to allow them to participate in the risks and rewards of the mortgage insurance business. Many of the major mortgage lenders with which we do business
have established captive mortgage reinsurance subsidiaries. These reinsurance subsidiaries assume a portion of the risks associated with the lender’s insured mortgage loans in exchange for a percentage of the premiums. In most cases, our
reinsurance coverage is an “excess of loss” arrangement with a limited band of exposure for the reinsurer. This means that we are required to pay the first layer of losses arising from defaults in the covered mortgages, the reinsurer
indemnifies us for the next layer of losses, and we pay any losses in excess of the reinsurer’s obligations. The effect of these arrangements historically has been a reduction in the profitability and return on capital of this business to us.
We advised each captive reinsurer with whom we do business under an excess of loss arrangement that effective January 1, 2009 we will reinsure only on a quota share basis. For the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, approximately 3% of
our U.S. primary new risk written was subject to captive mortgage reinsurance. U.S. mortgage insurance premiums ceded to these reinsurers were $122 million, $153 million and $188 million for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. U.S. mortgage insurance loss reserves ceded to these reinsurers 

77 

Table of Contents

were $351 million, $673 million and $505 million for the years ended December 31, 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. These arrangements can either favorably or unfavorably affect our
profitability within a given calendar year depending upon whether or not the reinsurer’s layer of coverage is attaching and whether or not there are sufficient assets in the captive trust available for payment of claims, thereby covering some
portion of losses. 

Given the recent business changes to captive reinsurance arrangements, at the end of 2008, the majority of
our excess of loss captive reinsurance arrangements was in runoff with no new books of business expected to be added going forward. Additionally, throughout 2009, many lender captive reinsurers have chosen to place their captives into runoff as
well. Nonetheless, we will continue to benefit from captive reinsurance on our 2005 through 2008 books of business. 

Our U.S. mortgage
insurance business could be adversely affected by legal actions under RESPA. 

From time to time, lawsuits, including some
that were class actions, have challenged the actions of private mortgage insurers, including our company and lenders, under RESPA. We cannot predict whether plaintiffs will institute new litigation seeking damages or relief under RESPA. In addition,
U.S. federal and state officials are authorized to enforce RESPA and to seek civil and criminal penalties, and we cannot predict whether these proceedings might be brought against us or other mortgage insurers. Any such proceedings could have an
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Potential liabilities in connection with our U.S. contract
underwriting services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We offer contract
underwriting services to certain of our mortgage lenders in the United States, pursuant to which our employees and contractors work directly with the lender to determine whether the data relating to a borrower and a proposed loan contained in a
mortgage loan application file complies with the lender’s loan underwriting guidelines or the investor’s loan purchase requirements. In connection with that service, we also compile the application data and submit it to the automated
underwriting systems of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which independently analyze the data to determine if the proposed loan complies with their investor requirements. 

Under the terms of our contract underwriting agreements, we agree to indemnify the lender against losses incurred in the event that we make material errors in determining whether loans processed by our
contract underwriters meet specified underwriting or purchase criteria, subject to contractual limitations on liability. As a result, we assume credit and interest rate risk in connection with our contract underwriting services. Worsening economic
conditions, a deterioration in the quality of our underwriting services or other factors could cause our contract underwriting liabilities to increase and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we have
established reserves to provide for potential claims in connection with our contract underwriting services, we have limited historical experience that we can use to establish reserves for these potential liabilities, and these reserves may not be
adequate to cover liabilities that may arise. 

Other Risks 

We have agreed to make payments to GE based on the projected amounts of certain tax savings we expect to realize as a result of our IPO. We will remain obligated to make these payments even if we do
not realize the related tax savings and the payments could be accelerated in the event of certain changes in control. 

Under the Tax Matters Agreement, we have an obligation to pay GE a fixed amount over approximately the next 13 years. This fixed
obligation, the estimated present value of which was $339 million and $351 million as of December 31, 2010 and 2009, respectively, equals 80% (subject to a cumulative $640 million maximum amount) of the tax savings projected as a result of our
IPO. Even if we fail to generate sufficient taxable income 

78 

Table of Contents

to realize the projected tax savings, we will remain obligated to pay GE, and this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We could also,
subject to regulatory approval, be required to pay GE on an accelerated basis in the event of certain changes in control of our company. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and our Tax Matters Agreement with GE may discourage takeover attempts and business
combinations that stockholders might consider in their best interests. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include
provisions that may have anti-takeover effects and may delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that our stockholders might consider in their best interests. For example, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 

•

 permit our Board of Directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders and take action by written consent; and 

•

 impose advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at stockholder meetings.

Under our Tax Matters Agreement with GE, if any person or group of persons other than GE or its affiliates
gains the power to direct the management and policies of our company, we could become obligated immediately to pay to GE the total present value of all remaining tax benefit payments due to GE over the full term of the agreement. The estimated
present value of our fixed obligation as of December 31, 2010 and 2009 was $339 million and $351 million, respectively. Similarly, if any person or group of persons other than us or our affiliates gains effective control of one of our
subsidiaries, we could become obligated to pay to GE the total present value of all such payments due to GE allocable to that subsidiary, unless the subsidiary assumes the obligation to pay these future amounts under the Tax Matters Agreement
and certain conditions are met. The acceleration of payments would be subject to the approval of certain state insurance regulators, and we are obligated to use our reasonable best efforts to seek these approvals. This feature of the agreement could
adversely affect a potential merger or sale of our company. It could also limit our flexibility to dispose of one or more of our subsidiaries, with adverse implications for any business strategy dependent on such dispositions. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

The Board of Directors has decided to suspend dividends on our common stock until further notice. 

We paid quarterly dividends on our common stock since our IPO in May 2004 until November 2008 when the Board of Directors decided to
suspend the payment of dividends on our common stock to enhance our liquidity and capital position in the current challenging environment. We cannot assure you when, whether or at what level we will resume paying dividends on our common stock.

Our stock price will fluctuate. 

Stock markets in general, and our common stock in particular, have experienced significant price and volume volatility since late 2008. The market price and volume of our common stock may continue to be
subject to significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions but also to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our industry generally, as well as our operations, business prospects, liquidity and capital positions. In
addition to the risk factors discussed above, the price and volume volatility of our common stock may be affected by: 

•

 operating results for future periods that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

•

 operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us; 

79 

Table of Contents

•

 announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; and 

•

 changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, availability of
credit, equity prices and the value of financial assets. 

Stock price volatility and a decrease in our stock
price could make it difficult for us to raise equity capital or, if we are able to raise equity capital, could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders.