You should carefully consider the following risks. These risks could
materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any
forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. These risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under “Cautionary note regarding forward-looking
statements” and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 

Risks Relating to All of Our Businesses 

We may be
unable to successfully develop and execute strategic plans to effectively address our current business challenges. 

In connection with
the release of our results for the fourth quarter of 2014, we announced that we are conducting a thorough review of our portfolio exploring all options to maximize long-term stockholder value and that we are taking proactive measures to leverage our
strengths, namely in our Global Mortgage Insurance Division, and rationalize our portfolio, including reducing costs and debt levels. As part of these measures, we are embarking on a multi-step restructuring plan targeting significant cash
savings over the next two years. In addition, we are progressing on our plan to sell our lifestyle protection insurance business, which had previously been designated as a non-core business for us. We expect to realize a significant loss on any
sale of our lifestyle protection insurance business given its current book value. We are also pursuing and considering other actions. We cannot be sure we will be able to successfully develop and execute strategic plans to effectively address our
current business challenges (including with respect to our long-term care insurance business, ratings and capital), including as a result of: (a) our failure to attract buyers for our lifestyle protection insurance business and any other
businesses or other assets we may seek to sell, or securities we may seek to issue (if any), in each case, in a timely manner on anticipated terms; (b) our inability to generate required capital; (c) our failure to obtain any required
regulatory, stockholder and/or noteholder approvals or consents or anticipated credit or financial strength ratings; (d) our challenges changing or being more costly or difficult to successfully address than we currently anticipate or the
benefits achieved being less than we anticipate; (e) our inability to achieve anticipated cost-savings; and (f) adverse tax or accounting charges. In addition, even if we are successful in developing and executing our strategic plans, the
execution of these plans may have expected or unexpected adverse consequences, including adverse rating actions and adverse tax and accounting charges (such as losses on sale). 

We may be unable to increase the capital needed in our businesses in a timely manner and on anticipated terms, including through improved business
performance, reinsurance or similar transactions, asset sales, securities offerings or otherwise, in each case as and when required. 

We have in the past provided, and currently expect to provide, additional capital to our businesses as necessary (and to the extent we
determine it is appropriate to do so) to meet regulatory capital requirements, comply with rating agency requirements, provide capital and liquidity buffers for our businesses to operate and meet unexpected cash flow obligations. We may not be able
to fund or raise the required capital as and when required and the amount of capital required may be higher than anticipated. Our inability to fund or raise the capital required in the anticipated timeframes and on the anticipated terms, could have
a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including causing us to reduce our business levels or be subject to a variety of regulatory actions. 

For example, we intend to further increase capital in our U.S. life insurance business in order to (i) address the reduction in capital
resulting from the completion of a comprehensive review of our long-term care insurance claim reserves and (ii) enhance our financial strength and flexibility to maintain our commercial presence and provide for unforeseen events or
developments. To increase capital in our U.S. life insurance business, we intend, among other things, at least over the near term, not to pay dividends from our life insurance subsidiaries 

60 

Table of Contents

to the holding company, pursue additional long-term care insurance rate actions, seek opportunities to reduce risk in older blocks of our long-term care insurance business, utilize reinsurance,
pursue block transactions or other sales and significantly reduce expenses. 
In addition, we intend to support the increased capital needs
of our U.S. mortgage insurance business resulting from the revised draft PMIERs. To address the increased capital needs of our U.S. mortgage insurance business, we intend to utilize primarily reinsurance (or similar) transactions, together with cash
available at the holding company. The implementation of these actions depends on market conditions, third-party approvals or other actions (including approval by regulators), and other factors which are outside of our control, and therefore we
cannot be sure we will be able to successfully implement these actions on the anticipated timetable and terms or at all, or achieve the anticipated benefits. For a discussion of factors affecting our estimate of the amount of additional capital that
will be required to meet the revised draft PMIERs and operate our business and our ability to utilize reinsurance or similar transactions to satisfy these capital requirements, see “—If we are unable to meet the capital requirements
mandated by the PMIERs in the form ultimately adopted because the capital requirements are higher than we currently anticipate or otherwise, we may not be eligible to write new insurance on loans sold to or guaranteed by the GSEs, which would have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.” 
Although we do not currently intend to do
so, if circumstances change we may decide to issue equity at Genworth Financial, which would be dilutive to our shareholders, or debt at Genworth Financial or Genworth Holdings (including debt convertible into equity of Genworth Financial), which
would increase our leverage. The availability of any additional debt or equity funding will depend on a variety of factors, including, market conditions, regulatory considerations, the general availability of credit and particularly, to the
financial services industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity and the performance of and outlook for our business. Market conditions may make it difficult to obtain funding or complete asset sales to generate additional liquidity, especially
on short notice and when the demand for additional funding in the market is high. Our access to funding may be further impaired if our credit or financial strength ratings are negatively impacted. 

If our reserves for future policy claims are inadequate as a result of deviations from our estimates and actuarial assumptions or other reasons, we may be
required to increase our reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
calculate and maintain reserves for estimated future payments of claims to our policyholders and contractholders in accordance with U.S. GAAP and industry accounting practices. We release these reserves as those future obligations are paid,
experience changes or the policy lapses. The reserves we establish reflect estimates and actuarial assumptions with regard to our future experience. These estimates and actuarial assumptions involve the exercise of significant judgment. Our future
financial results depend significantly upon the extent to which our actual future experience is consistent with the assumptions and methodologies we have used in pricing our products and calculating our reserves. Small changes in assumptions or
small deviations of actual experience from assumptions can have, and in the past had, material impacts on our reserves, results of operations and financial condition. Many factors, and changes in these factors, can affect future experience,
including, but not limited to, interest rates; investment returns and volatility; economic and social conditions, such as inflation, unemployment, home price appreciation or depreciation, and health care experience (including type of care and cost
of care); policyholder persistency or lapses (i.e., the probability that a policy or contract will remain in-force from one period to the next); insured life expectancy or longevity; insured morbidity (i.e., frequency and severity of claim,
including claim termination rates and benefit utilization rates); future premium increases; expenses; and doctrines of legal liability and damage awards in litigation. Because these factors are not known in advance, change over time, are difficult
to accurately predict and are inherently uncertain, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts we will pay for actual claims or the timing of those payments. In addition, we include assumptions for significant anticipated (but not yet
filed) future premium rate increases or benefit reductions in our determination of loss recognition testing of our long-term care insurance reserves under U.S. GAAP and asset adequacy testing of our statutory long-term care insurance reserves
(except for our New York 

61 

Table of Contents

insurance subsidiary). We may not be able to realize these anticipated rate increases or benefit reductions in the future as a result of our inability to obtain required regulatory approvals or
other factors. In this event, we would have to increase our long-term care insurance reserves by amounts that could be material. Moreover, we may not be able to mitigate the impact of unexpected adverse experience by increasing premiums and/or other
charges to policyholders (when we have the right to do so) or alternatively by reducing benefits. 
We regularly review our reserves and
associated assumptions as part of our ongoing assessment of our business performance and risks. If we conclude that our reserves are insufficient to cover actual or expected policy and contract benefits and claim payments (as we have on certain
occasions in the past) as a result of changes in experience, assumptions or otherwise, we would be required to increase our reserves and incur charges in the period in which we make the determination. The amounts of such increases may be significant
(as they have been on occasions in the past) and this could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and may require us to generate or fund additional capital in our businesses. 

The prices and expected future profitability of our long-term care insurance, life insurance and some annuity products are based upon expected
claims and payment patterns, using assumptions for, among other things, projected interest rates and investment returns, morbidity rates, mortality rates (i.e., likelihood of death of our policyholders and contractholders), persistency, lapses and
expenses. The long-term profitability of these products depends upon how our actual experience compares with our pricing and valuation assumptions. For example, if morbidity rates are higher than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make
greater payments and thus establish additional reserves under our long-term care insurance policies than we had projected, and such amounts could be significant. Likewise, if mortality rates are lower than our pricing assumptions, we could be
required to make greater payments and thus establish additional reserves under both our long-term care insurance policies and annuity contracts and such amounts could be significant. Conversely, if mortality rates are higher than our pricing and
valuation assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under our life insurance policies and annuity contracts with GMDBs than we had projected. If any of our assumptions are inaccurate, our reserves may be inadequate, which may have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business. 
The risk that our lapse experience may differ
significantly from our pricing assumptions is significant for our term life insurance policies. These policies generally have a level premium period for a specified period of years (e.g., 10 years to 30 years), after which the premium may increase
significantly. The level premium period for a significant portion of our term life insurance policies will end in the next few years and policyholders may lapse with greater frequency than we anticipate in our reserve assumptions. In addition,
it may be that healthy policyholders are the ones who lapse (as they can more easily replace coverage at a lower cost), creating adverse selection where less healthy policyholders remain in our portfolio. If the frequency of lapses is higher
than our reserve assumptions, we would experience higher DAC amortization and lower premiums and could experience higher benefit costs. We have somewhat limited experience on which to base both the lapse assumption and the mortality assumption after
the end of the level premium period, which increases the uncertainty associated with our assumptions and reserve levels. However, we have experienced both a greater frequency of policyholder lapses and more severe adverse selection, after the level
premium period, and this experience could continue or worsen. 
The risk that our claims experience may differ significantly from our
pricing assumptions is particularly significant for our long-term care insurance products. Long-term care insurance policies provide for long-duration coverage and, therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge over many years after pricing
and locked-in valuation assumptions have been established. For example, changes in economic and interest rate risk, socio-demographics, behavioral trends (e.g., location of care and level of benefit use) and medical advances, among other factors,
may have a material adverse impact on our future loss trends. Moreover, long-term care insurance does not have the extensive claims experience history of life insurance, and as a result, our ability to forecast future claim costs for long-term care
insurance is more limited than for life insurance. 

62 

Table of Contents

We recently completed a comprehensive review of our long-term care insurance claim reserves. This
review was commenced as a result of adverse claims experience during the second quarter of 2014 and in connection with our regular review of our claim reserve assumptions during the third quarter of each year. As a result of this review, we made
changes to our assumptions and methodologies relating to our long-term care insurance claim reserves primarily impacting claim termination rates, most significantly in later-duration claims, and benefit utilization rates, reflecting that claims are
not terminating as quickly and claimants are utilizing more of their available benefits in aggregate than had previously been assumed in our reserve calculations. As a result of these changes, we increased our long-term care insurance claim reserves
by $604 million, before reinsurance, during the third quarter of 2014. 
During the fourth quarter of 2014, we completed our annual loss
recognition testing of our long-term care insurance business and made changes to our assumptions and methodologies primarily impacting claim termination rates, most significantly in later-duration claims, and benefit utilization rates. As a result,
we recorded additional long-term care insurance reserves of $731 million, before reinsurance, during the fourth quarter of 2014 on our acquired block. Our loss recognition testing for our long-term care insurance products is reviewed in the
aggregate, excluding our acquired block of long-term care insurance, which is tested separately. Our long-term care insurance business, excluding the acquired block, had positive margin which was dependent on the assumptions we made on our ability
to successfully implement our in-force management strategy involving premium increases or reduced benefits. In the fourth quarter of 2014, we began including future rate actions in our loss recognition testing in addition to those rate actions that
had already been filed and approved or awaiting regulatory approval. Favorable impacts on our margin from rate actions would primarily impact our long-term care insurance block, excluding the acquired block. Our acquired block would not benefit
significantly from additional rate actions as it is older. For our acquired block of long-term care insurance, the impacts of any adverse changes in assumptions would immediately be reflected in net income (loss) as our margin for this block was
zero after the reserve increase in the fourth quarter of 2014. For our long-term care insurance block, excluding the acquired block, any adverse changes in assumptions would only be reflected in net income (loss) to the extent the margin was reduced
below zero. 
We also perform cash flow testing separately for each of our U.S. life insurance companies on a statutory accounting basis.
To the extent that the cash flow testing margin is negative, we would need to increase statutory reserves, which would decrease our risk-based capital ratios and we may be required to increase our capital within our U.S. life insurance companies. A
need to significantly increase statutory reserves could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The NYDFS, which regulates our New York domiciled insurance subsidiary, has historically not
allowed long-term care insurance cash flow testing results to be combined with other products and has required specific adequacy scenarios that are generally more severe than testing required in other states and have a disproportionate impact on our
long-term care insurance products. Based on our annual statutory cash flow testing of our long-term care insurance business in 2014, our New York insurance subsidiary recorded $39 million of additional statutory reserves in the fourth quarter of
2014 and will record an aggregate of $156 million of additional statutory reserves over the next four years. For additional information regarding impacts to statutory capital as a result of reserve increases, see “—An adverse change in our
regulatory requirements, including risk-based capital, could result in a decline in our ratings and/or increased scrutiny by regulators and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and business.” 

We will continue to regularly review our methodologies and assumptions in light of emerging experience and may be required to make further
adjustments to our long-term care insurance reserves in the future. Any further changes to our long-term care insurance reserves may have a materially negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and business. 

63 

Table of Contents

For additional information on reserves, see “Part II—Item 7—Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates—Insurance liabilities and reserves.” 

Our risk management programs may not be effective in identifying or adequate in controlling or mitigating the risks we face. 

We have developed risk management programs that include risk identification, quantification, governance, policies and procedures and seek to
appropriately identify, monitor, measure, control, mitigate and report the types of risks to which we are subject. We regularly review our risk management programs and work to update them on an ongoing basis to be consistent with evolving
global best market practices. However, our risk management programs may not fully control or mitigate all of the risks we face in our business. 

Many of our methods of managing certain financial risks (e.g. credit, market, insurance and underwriting risks) are based on observed
historical market behaviors and/or historical, statistically-based models. Historical measures may not accurately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical measures have indicated. We have also established
internal risk limits based upon these historical, statistically-based models and we monitor compliance with these limits. Our internal risk limits may be insufficient and our monitoring may not detect all violations (inadvertent or otherwise) of
these limits. Other risk management methods are based on our evaluation of information regarding markets, customers and customer behavior, macroeconomic and environmental conditions, catastrophic occurrences and potential changing paradigms that are
publicly available or otherwise accessible to us. This collective information may not always be accurate, complete, up to date or properly considered, interpreted or evaluated in our analyses. Moreover, the models and other parts of our risk
management programs we rely on in managing various aspects of our business may prove in practice to be less predictive than we expect for a variety of reasons, including as a result of issues arising in the construction, implementation,
interpretation or use of the models or other programs or the use of inaccurate assumptions. The limitations of our models and other parts of our risk management programs may be material, and could lead us to make wrong or sub-optimal decisions in
managing our risk and other aspects of our business and this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business. 

The risks related to our models often increase when we change assumptions or methodologies or add or change to new modeling systems. For
example, with respect to our long-term care insurance business, we had an error related to claims in course of settlement arising in connection with the implementation of our updated assumptions and methodologies as part of our comprehensive claims
review completed in the third quarter of 2014. In addition, we intend to continue to enhance our modeling capabilities for various of our businesses, including for our long-term care insurance business where we are migrating to a new modeling system
in 2015 or later. We believe these enhancements will provide us with access to more timely information, more granular information and better forecasting capabilities. However, during or after the implementation of these enhancements, we may discover
errors or other deficiencies in existing models, assumptions and methodologies. Moreover, we will use the additional, more granular and more detailed information in our reserving and other processes, which may cause us to refine or otherwise change
existing assumptions and methodologies and associated reserve levels, all of which could have a material adverse impact on business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Management of operational, legal, franchise and global regulatory risks requires, among other things, methods to appropriately identify all
such key risks, systems to record incidents and policies and procedures designed to detect, record and address all such risks and occurrences. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify, measure and control our risks, we could
suffer unexpected losses or be adversely affected and that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We employ various strategies, including hedging and reinsurance, to mitigate financial risks inherent in our business and operations. These
risks include current or future changes in the fair value of our assets and liabilities, current or future changes in cash flows, the effect of interest rates, changes in equity markets, credit 

64 

Table of Contents

spread movements, the occurrence of credit and counterparty defaults, currency fluctuations, changes in global housing prices, and changes in mortality, morbidity and lapses. We seek to control
these risks by, among other things, entering in reinsurance contracts and derivative instruments. Such contracts and instruments may not always be available to us and subject us to counter party credit risk. Developing effective strategies for
dealing with these risks is a complex process, and no strategy can fully insulate us from such risks. The execution of these strategies also introduces operational risks and considerations. See “—Reinsurance may not be available,
affordable or adequate to protect us against losses” and “—Defaults by counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements or to derivative instruments we use to hedge our business risks, or defaults by us on agreements we have with these
counterparties, may expose us to risks we sought to mitigate, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition” for more information about risks inherent in our reinsurance and hedging strategies.

We may choose to retain certain levels of financial risk, even when it is possible to mitigate these risks. The decision to retain
certain levels of financial risk is predicated on our belief that the expected future returns that we will realize from retaining the risk, in relation to the level of risk retained, is favorable, but it may turn out that our expectations are
incorrect and we incur material costs or suffer other adverse consequences that arise from the retained risk. 
Our performance is highly
dependent on our ability to manage risks that arise from day-to-day business activities, including underwriting, claims processing, policy administration and servicing, execution of our investment and hedging strategy, actuarial estimates and
calculations, financial and tax reporting and other activities, many of which are very complex. We seek to monitor and control our exposure to risks arising out of or related to these activities through a variety of internal controls, management
review processes and other mechanisms. However, the occurrence of unforeseen events, or the occurrence of events of a greater magnitude than expected, including those arising from inadequate or ineffective controls, a failure in processes,
procedures or systems implemented by us or a failure on the part of employees upon which we rely in this regard, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Past or future misconduct by our employees or employees of our vendors or suppliers could result in violations of laws by us, regulatory
sanctions against us and/or serious reputational, legal or financial harm to our business, and the precautions we employ to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Although we employ controls and procedures designed to
monitor the business decisions and activities of these individuals to prevent us from engaging in inappropriate activities, excessive risk taking, fraud or security breaches, these individuals may take such risks regardless of such controls and
procedures and such controls and procedures may fail to detect all such decisions and activities. Our compensation policies and procedures are reviewed by us as part of our overall risk management program, but it is possible that such compensation
policies and practices could inadvertently incentivize excessive or inappropriate risk taking. If these individuals take excessive or inappropriate risks, those risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 
Recent adverse rating agency actions have resulted in a loss of business and adversely affected our
results of operations, financial condition and business and future adverse rating actions could have a further and more significant adverse impact on us. 

Financial strength ratings, which various rating agencies publish as measures of an insurance company’s ability to meet contractholder and
policyholder obligations, are important to maintaining public confidence in our products, the ability to market our products and our competitive position. Credit ratings, which rating agencies publish as measures of an entity’s ability to repay
its indebtedness, are important to our ability to raise capital through the issuance of debt and other forms of credit and to the cost of such financing. 

Over the last several years, the ratings of our holding company and several of our insurance companies have been downgraded, placed on
negative outlook and/or put on review for potential downgrade on various occasions. A ratings downgrade, negative outlook or review could occur (and has occurred) for a variety of 

65 

Table of Contents

reasons, including reasons specifically related to our company, generally related to our industry or the broader financial services industry or as a result of changes by the rating agencies in
their methodologies or rating criteria. We may be at risk of additional ratings downgrades in the future, particularly in light of the recent increases to our long-term care insurance reserves. A negative outlook on our ratings or a downgrade in any
of our financial strength or credit ratings, the announcement of a potential downgrade, negative outlook or review, or customer, investor, regulator or other concerns about the possibility of a downgrade, negative outlook or review, could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business. 
Following the release of our results for each of
the third quarter of 2014 (including the increase of our long-term care insurance claim reserves) and the fourth quarter of 2014 (including the increase of our long-term care insurance reserves as a result of loss recognition testing), rating
agencies took a variety of adverse ratings actions with respect to Genworth Holdings. On November 6, 2014, Moody’s announced, among other things, that it has placed the credit ratings of Genworth Holdings on review for downgrade. On
February 11, 2015, Moody’s announced, among other things, that it had downgraded the credit ratings of Genworth Holdings to “Ba1” from “Baa3.” This action concluded the review for downgrade of Genworth Holding’s credit
ratings initiated on November 6, 2014. On November 6, 2014, S&P announced, among other things, that it had lowered the issuer credit and senior unsecured debt ratings of Genworth Holdings to “BB+” from “BBB-” with a negative
outlook. On February 18, 2015, S&P announced, among other things, that it that it had lowered the issuer credit and senior unsecured debt ratings on Genworth Holdings to “BB-” from “BB+” with a negative outlook. In December
2014, A.M. Best also placed Genworth Holdings issuer credit rating and existing debt ratings under review with negative credit implications. On February 13, 2015, A.M. Best announced that it downgraded the Genworth Holdings issuer credit rating and
existing debt ratings to “bbb-” from “bbb.” The rating agencies also took a variety of adverse ratings actions with respect to the financial strength ratings of certain of our insurance subsidiaries after the announcement of our
results for both the third and fourth quarters of 2014. See “Item 1—Business—Financial Strength Ratings” for information regarding these adverse rating actions and the current financial strength ratings of our principal insurance
subsidiaries. 
The direct or indirect effects of such adverse ratings actions or any future actions could include, but are not limited to:

•

reducing new sales of our products; 

•

adversely affecting our relationships with distributors, independent sales intermediaries and our dedicated sales specialists, including the loss of exclusivity under certain agreements with our independent sales
intermediaries and distribution partners; 

•

causing us to lose key distributors that have ratings requirements that we may no longer satisfy (or resulting in our renegotiation of new, less favorable arrangements with those distributors); 

•

requiring us to modify some of our existing products or services to remain competitive, or introduce new products or services; 

•

materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders, withdrawals and loans by contractholders and policyholders; 

•

requiring us to post additional collateral for our derivatives or hedging agreements (including those providing us with protection against certain foreign currency exchange movement, interest rate fluctuation and equity
market risk) or enabling the counterparties to these agreements to exercise their right to terminate all transactions under the agreements; 

•

requiring us to provide support in the form of collateral, capital contributions or letters of credit under the terms of certain of our reinsurance, securitization and other agreements; 

•

adversely affecting our ability to maintain reinsurance or obtain new reinsurance or obtain it on reasonable pricing and other terms; 

66 

Table of Contents

•

regulators requiring certain of our subsidiaries to maintain additional capital, limiting thereby our financial flexibility and requiring us to raise additional capital; 

•

adversely affecting our ability to raise capital; 

•

increasing our cost of borrowing and making it more difficult to borrow in the public debt markets and replace our credit agreement when it expires in 2016; and 

•

making it more difficult to execute strategic plans to effectively address our current business challenges. 

Following the adverse rating actions after the announcement of our results for the third quarter of 2014, several distributors suspended
distribution related to our U.S. Life Insurance Division’s products. Those distributors represented, in aggregate, approximately 18%, 16% and 9%, respectively, of 2014 sales of our linked-benefits, annuities and long-term care insurance
products. We expect we will continue to be adversely impacted by recent rating actions. Any further adverse ratings announcements or actions likely would have, or intensify, the adverse impact of the direct or indirect effects discussed above (among
others), all of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and business. 
In addition,
the GSEs require maintenance of a financial strength rating by at least two out of three listed rating agencies (S&P, Fitch and Moody’s) of at least “AA-”/“Aa3” (as applicable) under the GSE MI Eligibility Standards.
These MI Eligibility Standards provide that if these requirements are not met additional limitations or requirements may be imposed in the case of Fannie Mae or will be imposed in the case of Freddie Mac for eligibility to insure loans purchased by
the GSEs. Currently, we do not meet the ratings requirements of the GSE MI Eligibility Standards. In February 2008, the GSEs temporarily suspended their ratings requirements for top tier mortgage insurers, subject to submission of an acceptable
remediation plan. We have submitted remediation plans to both GSEs. The GSEs are reviewing the MI Eligibility Standards and have proposed the revised draft PMIERs as modifications to these standards. In conjunction with that review, and as a
condition to us being eligible to continue to insure mortgage loans sold to Fannie Mae prior to the finalization of the PMIERs, Fannie Mae has imposed additional restrictions on us in addition to the existing MI Eligibility Standards. See “Item
1—Business—Regulation—Mortgage Insurance Regulation” for additional information. We cannot be sure those limitations will not have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and business. Our
inability to insure new mortgage loans sold to the GSEs, or the transfer by the GSEs of our existing policies to an alternative mortgage insurer, would have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

If we are unable to retain, attract and motivate qualified employees and sales representatives our results of operations, financial condition and sales of
our products may be adversely impacted. 

Our continued success is largely dependent on our ability to retain and attract qualified
employees. We face intense competition in retaining and attracting key employees, including actuarial, finance, legal, investment, risk, compliance and other professionals. Additionally, we may not be able to meet regulatory requirements relating to
required expertise in various professional positions. 
Our ability to retain, attract and motivate experienced and qualified employees has
been more challenging in light of our recent financial difficulties and our announced expense reductions, as well as the demands being placed on our employees. We cannot be sure we will be able to attract, retain and motivate the desired workforce,
and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial condition and business. 
Our retention
challenges include our independent sales representatives. We rely on independent sales representatives to distribute our insurance products and services to independent brokers, banks, broker-dealers and other third-party distributors. There is
strong competition among financial services companies for effective sales representatives. We compete with other financial services companies for sales representatives primarily on the basis of our financial strengths, support services, compensation
and product offerings. If we are unable to retain and attract sufficient sales representatives to sell our products, our ability to compete and generate revenues from new sales would be adversely impacted. 

67 

Table of Contents

An adverse change in our regulatory requirements, including risk-based capital, could result in a decline in
our ratings and/or increased scrutiny by regulators and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and business. 

Our domestic life insurance subsidiaries are subject to the NAIC’s RBC standards and other minimum statutory capital and surplus
requirements imposed under the laws of their respective states of domicile. The failure of our insurance subsidiaries to meet applicable RBC requirements or minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements could subject our insurance subsidiaries
to further examination or corrective action imposed by state insurance regulators, including limitations on their ability to write additional business, or the addition of state regulatory supervision, rehabilitation, seizure or liquidation. 

Our domestic mortgage insurers are not subject to the NAIC’s RBC requirements but are required by certain states and other regulators to
maintain a certain risk-to-capital ratio. The failure of our domestic mortgage insurance subsidiaries to meet their regulatory requirements, in addition to the proposed changes to the GSE MI Eligibility Standards, could limit our ability to write
new business. For further discussion of the importance of risk-to-capital requirements to our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries, see “—If we are unable to meet the capital requirements mandated by the PMIERs in the form ultimately
adopted because the capital requirements are higher than we currently anticipate or otherwise, we may not be eligible to write new insurance on loans sold to or guaranteed by the GSEs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition” and “—Our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum statutory capital requirements and hazardous financial condition standards which, if not met or waived, would result
in restrictions or prohibitions on our doing business and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.” 

Additionally, our international insurance subsidiaries also have minimum regulatory requirements which vary by country. As described
under “Item 1—Business—Regulation—U.K. Insurance Regulation—Solvency requirements,” there will be fundamental changes to the existing solvency capital regime for all insurers and reinsurers operating in Europe as a
result of the introduction of the Solvency II directive, which is expected to become effective on January 1, 2016. Increases in capital requirements as a result of Solvency II may be required and may impact our operating results. Furthermore,
as discussed in “Item 1—Business—Regulation—U.K. Insurance Regulation—Intervention and enforcement” above, the PRA, FCA and Bank of England have powers to impose certain requirements on U.K. parent companies of
insurers. Moreover, our Canadian regulator, OSFI, released a discussion paper on proposed changes to the Regulatory Capital Framework for Property and Casualty Insurers, and OSFI noted that it has commenced an internal process aimed at developing a
new capital framework for mortgage insurers expected to be effective in 2017. At this stage, it is not possible to predict the impact these changes will have on our operations. 

An adverse change in our RBC, risk-to-capital ratio or other minimum regulatory requirements also could cause rating agencies to
downgrade the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries and the credit ratings of Genworth Holdings, which would have an adverse impact on our ability to write and retain business and could cause regulators to take regulatory or
supervisory actions with respect to our businesses, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and business. 

As holding companies, we and Genworth Holdings depend on the ability of our respective subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other payments and
distributions to each of us and to meet our obligations. 

We and Genworth Holdings each act as a holding company for our respective
subsidiaries and do not have any significant operations of our own. Dividends from our respective subsidiaries, permitted payments to us under tax sharing and expense reimbursement arrangements with our subsidiaries and proceeds from borrowings are
our principal sources of cash to meet our obligations. These obligations include operating expenses and interest and principal on current and any future borrowings and amounts owed to GE under the Tax Matters Agreement. If the cash we receive from
our respective subsidiaries pursuant to dividends and tax sharing and expense reimbursement 

68 

Table of Contents

arrangements is insufficient to fund any of these obligations, or if a subsidiary is unable or unwilling for any reason to pay dividends to either of us, we or Genworth Holdings may be required
to raise cash through, among other things, the incurrence of debt (including convertible or exchangeable debt), the sale of assets or the issuance of equity. 

The payment of dividends and other distributions by our insurance subsidiaries is dependent on, among other things, the performance of the
subsidiaries, is subject to corporate law restrictions, and is regulated by insurance laws and regulations. In general, dividends in excess of prescribed limits are deemed “extraordinary” and require insurance regulatory approval. In
addition, insurance regulators may prohibit the payment of ordinary dividends or other payments by the insurance subsidiaries (such as a payment under a tax sharing agreement or for employee or other services) if they determine that such payment
could be adverse to policyholders or contractholders. Moreover, as a consequence of our recent adverse financial results, the regulators who have governance over our international mortgage insurance subsidiaries may impose additional restrictions
over such subsidiaries using the broad prudential authorities available to the major regulators. Courts typically grant regulators significant deference when considering challenges of an insurance company to a determination by insurance regulators
to grant or withhold approvals with respect to dividends and other distributions. 
In addition, as a public company that is traded on the
TSX, Genworth Canada is subject to securities laws and regulations in each province in Canada, as well as the rules of the TSX. These applicable laws, regulations and rules include but are not limited to, obligations and procedures in respect of the
equal and fair treatment of all shareholders of Genworth Canada. Although the board of directors of Genworth Canada is composed of a majority of Genworth nominees, under Canadian law each director has an obligation to act honestly and in good faith
with a view to the best interests of Genworth Canada. Moreover, as a public company that is traded on the ASX, Genworth Australia and its subsidiaries are subject to Australian securities laws and regulations, as well as the rules of the ASX. These
applicable laws, regulations and rules include but are not limited to, obligations and procedures in respect of the equal and fair treatment of all shareholders of Genworth Australia. Although the board of directors of Genworth Australia is composed
of a majority of Genworth designated directors, under Australian law each director has an obligation to exercise their powers and discharge their duties in good faith in the best interests of Genworth Australia and for a proper purpose. Accordingly,
actions taken by Genworth Canada and Genworth Australia and their respective boards of directors (including the payment of dividends to us) are subject to, and may be limited by, the laws, regulations and rules applicable to such entities. 

In connection with our plan to increase capital in our U.S. life insurance business, we intend, at least over the near term, not to pay
dividends from our life insurance subsidiaries to Genworth Holdings. See “—We may be unable to increase the capital needed in our businesses in a timely manner and on anticipated terms, including through improved business performance,
reinsurance or similar transactions, asset sales, securities offerings or otherwise, in each case as and when required.” We expect our international subsidiaries to be the sole source of cash dividends paid to us at least in the near term as we
continue to strengthen the capital position of our U.S. life insurance and U.S. mortgage insurance businesses, and therefore our liquidity and capital positions are particularly dependent on the performance of those subsidiaries and their ability to
pay dividends to us as anticipated. 
Fifty percent of our in-force long-term care insurance business (excluding policies assumed from
MetLife Insurance Company USA, a non-affiliate third-party reinsurer) of Genworth Life Insurance Company (“GLIC”), a Delaware insurance company and our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, is reinsured to Brookfield Life and Annuity Insurance
Company Limited (“BLAIC”), a Bermuda insurance company and our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary. Brookfield, a Bermuda insurance company and our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, has guaranteed BLAIC’s performance of its obligations
under that reinsurance agreement. As of December 31, 2014, Brookfield directly or indirectly owns 66.2% of our Australian mortgage insurance subsidiaries, 40.6% of our Canadian mortgage insurance subsidiary and 100% of our lifestyle protection
insurance business. As a result of Brookfield’s guarantee, adverse developments in our reinsured long-term care insurance business (including the recent increases in our reserves of that business) have adversely impacted BLAIC’s financial
condition, which could, in turn, adversely impact Brookfield’s willingness or ability to pay dividends to Genworth Holdings, 

69 

Table of Contents

including from the dividends it receives and is expected to receive in the future from our Canadian and Australian mortgage insurance businesses. We intend to seek regulatory approvals to
effectively unwind the long-term care insurance reinsurance agreement between GLIC and BLAIC and release the related Brookfield guarantee thereof; however, we do not know whether or when the required approvals will be obtained and what conditions,
if granted, may be imposed. Our inability to receive dividends related to our Australian and Canadian mortgage insurance businesses from Brookfield as anticipated or the inability of Brookfield to sell or otherwise dispose of shares of the
businesses it owns or distribute the proceeds from any such sale to us, would have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and business. 

An inability to borrow under our credit facility could result in a reduction in our liquidity. 

On September 26, 2013, we entered into a credit agreement that provides a $300 million multi-currency revolving credit facility, with a
$100 million sublimit for letters of credit, available on a revolving basis until September 26, 2016. Currently there are no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility. Our ability to borrow is subject to compliance with various
financial and other covenants and conditions, including that, since June 30, 2013, there has been no event, development or circumstance that had or could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect (as defined in the credit
agreement). We cannot predict whether we will be able to meet the borrowing conditions in the event we were to need or want to borrow in the future.

Downturns and volatility in global economies and equity and credit markets could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our results of operations are materially affected by the state of the global economies in which we operate and conditions in the
capital markets we access. Factors such as high unemployment, low consumer spending, low business investment, high government spending, the volatility and strength of the global capital markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic
environment and, ultimately, the demand for and terms of our products and results of operations of our business. The recessionary state and the volatility of many economies in the past have fueled uncertainty and downturns in global mortgage markets
and have contributed to increased volatility in our business and results of operations. This uncertainty and volatility has impacted, and may impact in the future, the demand for certain financial and insurance products. As a result, we may
experience an elevated incidence of claims and lapses or surrenders of policies, and some of our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. 

Rising unemployment or underemployment rates can, for example, negatively impact a borrower’s ability to pay his or her mortgage, thereby
increasing the likelihood that we could incur additional losses in our mortgage insurance businesses. We set loss reserves for our mortgage insurance businesses based in part on expected claims and delinquency cure rate patterns. These expectations
reflect our assumptions regarding unemployment and underemployment levels. If unemployment levels are higher than those within our loss reserving assumptions, the claims frequency and severity for our mortgage insurance businesses could be higher
than we had projected. 
Downturns and volatility in equity markets may also cause some existing customers to withdraw cash values or
reduce investments in our separate account products, which include variable annuities. In addition, if the performance of the underlying mutual funds in our separate account products experience downturns and volatility for an extended period of
time, the payment of any living benefit guarantee available in certain variable annuity products may have an adverse effect on us, because more payments will be required to come from general account assets than from contractholder separate account
investments. Continued equity market volatility could result in additional losses in our variable annuity products and associated hedging program, which will further challenge our ability to recover deferred acquisition costs (“DAC”) on
these products and could lead to additional write-offs of DAC, as well as increased hedging costs. 

70 

Table of Contents

Interest rates and changes in rates could materially adversely affect our business and profitability. 

Our insurance and investment products are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations and expose us to the risk that falling interest rates or
credit spreads will reduce our margin or the difference between the returns we earn on the investments that support our obligations under these products and the amounts that we must pay to policyholders and contractholders. We may reduce the
interest rates we credit on most of these products only at limited, pre-established intervals, and some contracts have guaranteed minimum interest crediting rates. As a result, historically low interest rates over the last few years have adversely
impacted, and may continue to materially adversely impact, our business and profitability. 
During periods of increasing market interest
rates, we may offer higher crediting rates on interest-sensitive products, such as universal life insurance and fixed annuities, and we may increase crediting rates on in-force products to keep these products competitive. In addition, rapidly rising
interest rates may cause increased policy surrenders, withdrawals from life insurance policies and annuity contracts and requests for policy loans, as policyholders and contractholders shift assets into higher yielding investments. Therefore,
increases in crediting rates, as well as surrenders and withdrawals, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, including the requirement to liquidate fixed-income investments in an unrealized loss
position to satisfy surrenders or withdrawals. 
Our life insurance, long-term care insurance and fixed annuity products, as well as our
guaranteed benefits on variable annuities, also expose us to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. The pricing and expected future profitability of these products are based in part on expected investment returns. Over time, life and long-term care
insurance products are expected to generally produce positive cash flows as customers pay periodic premiums, which we invest as they are received. Low interest rates increase reinvestment risk and reduce our ability to achieve our targeted
investment margins and have, and may further, adversely affect the profitability of our life insurance, long-term care insurance and fixed annuity products, as well as increase hedging costs on our in-force block of variable annuity products. A low
interest rate environment negatively impacts the sufficiency of our margins on both our DAC and present value of future profits (“PVFP”). If interest rates remain low for a prolonged period, this could result in an impairment of these
assets, and may reduce funds available to pay claims, including life and long-term care insurance claims, requiring an increase in our reserve liabilities, which could be significant (such as has been the case with our long-term care insurance
business recently). In addition, certain statutory capital requirements are based on models that consider interest rates. Prolonged periods of low interest rates may increase the statutory reserves we are required to hold as well as the amount of
assets and capital we must maintain to support statutory reserves. 
In certain products, in particular our long-term care insurance
products, the average life of our assets is considerably shorter than the average life of the liabilities. This increases our reinvestment rate risk with respect to the assets. Should interest rates remain low or go lower, this will cause our
net investment income to be lower which will negatively impact the profitability of our businesses. In addition, to the extent the assets are of a shorter average life than the liabilities (especially as is the case with our long-term care
insurance products), changes in interest rates will impact assets and liabilities differently. As interest rates decline, the net present value of the liabilities will therefore increase more than the net present value of the assets and could
require us to hold higher reserves. 
In both the U.S. and international mortgage markets, rising interest rates generally reduce the
volume of new mortgage originations. A decline in the volume of new mortgage originations would have an adverse effect on our new insurance written. Rising interest rates also can increase the monthly mortgage payments for insured homeowners with
adjustable rate mortgages (“ARMs”) that could have the effect of increasing default rates on ARM loans, thereby increasing our exposure on our mortgage insurance policies. This is particularly relevant in our international mortgage
insurance business where ARMs are the predominant mortgage product. 
Declining interest rates historically have increased the rate at
which borrowers refinance their existing mortgages, thereby resulting in cancellations of the mortgage insurance covering the refinanced loans. Declining 

71 

Table of Contents

interest rates historically have also contributed to home price appreciation, which may provide borrowers in the United States with the option of cancelling their mortgage insurance coverage
earlier than we anticipated when pricing that coverage. These cancellations could have a material adverse effect on the results of our U.S. mortgage insurance business. 

Interest rate fluctuations could also have an adverse effect on the results of our investment portfolio. During periods of declining market
interest rates like over the past few years, the interest we receive on variable interest rate investments decreases. In addition, during those periods, we have had to, and in the future may have to, reinvest the cash we receive as interest or
return of principal on our investments in lower-yielding high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns. Issuers of fixed-income securities have also, and in the future may also decide to prepay their
obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates, which exacerbates the risk that we have to invest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit instruments. During periods of increasing interest rates, market values
of lower-yielding assets will decline. In addition, our interest rate hedges could decline which would require us to post additional collateral with our derivative counterparties. 

Increasing interest rates may require us to post additional collateral for derivatives that we hold to mitigate interest rate risk. Posting
this collateral could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation by reducing our liquidity and net investment income, to the extent that the additional collateral posting requires us to invest in higher-quality,
lower-yielding investments. 
See “Part II—Item 7A—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk” for additional information about interest rate risk. 
Reinsurance may not be available, affordable or adequate to protect us against losses.

As part of our overall risk and capital management strategy, we have historically purchased reinsurance from external reinsurers as
well as provided internal reinsurance support for certain risks underwritten by our various business segments. These reinsurance arrangements enable our businesses to transfer risks in exchange for some of the associated economic benefits and, as a
result, improve our statutory capital position and manage risk to within our tolerance level. Some of these reinsurance arrangements are indefinite, but others require periodic renewals. The availability and cost of reinsurance protection are
impacted by our operating and financial performance, including ratings, as well as conditions beyond our control. For example, our recent financial challenges and adverse rating actions may reduce the availability of certain types of reinsurance and
make it more costly when it is available, as reinsurers are less willing to take on credit risk in a volatile market. Accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain new reinsurance or renew
existing reinsurance arrangements on acceptable terms, or at all, which could increase our risk and adversely affect our ability to write future business or obtain statutory capital credit for new reinsurance or could require us to make capital
contributions to maintain regulatory capital requirements. See “—If we are unable to meet the capital requirements mandated by the PMIERs in the form ultimately adopted because the capital requirements are higher than we currently
anticipate or otherwise, we may not be eligible to write new insurance on loans sold to or guaranteed by the GSEs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.” 

Defaults by counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements or to derivative instruments we use to hedge our business risks, or defaults by us on agreements
we have with these counterparties, may expose us to risks we sought to mitigate, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We routinely execute reinsurance and derivative transactions with reinsurers, brokers/dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other
institutional clients to mitigate our risks in various circumstances and to hedge various business risks. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our 

72 

Table of Contents

counterparty or client or change in collateral value. Reinsurance does not relieve us of our direct liability to our policyholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to us. Accordingly, we bear
credit risk with respect to our reinsurers. We cannot be sure that our reinsurers will pay the reinsurance recoverable owed to us now or in the future or that they will pay these recoverables on a timely basis. A reinsurer’s insolvency,
inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Collateral is often posted by the counterparty to offset this
risk, however, we bear the risk that the collateral declines in value or otherwise is inadequate to fully compensate us in the event of a default. We also enter into a variety of derivative instruments, including options and interest rate and
currency swaps with a number of counterparties. If our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under the derivative instruments, and collateral posted, if any, is inadequate, our hedges of the related risk will be ineffective. In
addition, if we trigger downgrade provisions on risk-hedging or reinsurance arrangements, the counterparties to these arrangements may be able to terminate our arrangements with them or require us to take other measures, such as post additional
collateral, contribute capital or provide letters of credit. The loss of material risk-hedging or reinsurance arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We ceded to UFLIC our in-force
structured settlements block of business issued prior to 2004, certain variable annuity business issued prior to 2004 and the long-term care insurance assumed from MetLife Insurance Company USA. UFLIC has established trust accounts for our benefit
to secure its obligations under the reinsurance arrangements, and General Electric Capital Corporation, an indirect subsidiary of GE, has agreed to maintain UFLIC’s RBC above a specified minimum level. If UFLIC becomes insolvent notwithstanding
this agreement, and the amounts in the trust accounts are insufficient to pay UFLIC’s obligations to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our valuation of fixed maturity, equity and trading securities uses methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject to change and differing
interpretations which could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Fixed maturity, equity and trading securities are reported at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. They represent the majority of our
total cash, cash equivalents and invested assets. Our portfolio of fixed maturity securities consists primarily of investment grade securities. Valuations use inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation, as well as
valuation methods that are more complex or require greater estimation, thereby resulting in values that are less certain and may vary significantly from the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. The methodologies, estimates and
assumptions we use in valuing our investment securities evolve over time and are subject to different interpretation (including based on developments in relevant accounting literature), all of which can lead to changes in the value of our investment
securities. Rapidly changing and unanticipated interest rate, credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of investment securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements, and the period-to-period
changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

Defaults or other events impacting the value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio may reduce our income. 

We are subject to the risk that the issuers or guarantors of fixed maturity securities we own may default on principal or interest payments
they owe us. As of December 31, 2014, fixed maturity securities of $62.4 billion in our investment portfolio represented 80% of our total cash, cash equivalents and invested assets. Events reducing the value of our investment portfolio other
than on a temporary basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Levels of write-downs or impairments are impacted by our assessment of the financial condition of the issuer, whether or
not the issuer is expected to pay its principal and interest obligations or circumstances that would require us to sell securities which have declined in value. 

73 

Table of Contents

Our investment portfolio includes investments in securities issued by foreign issuers, including
companies from the European Union and Russia. Recently, certain European Union member states and Russia have experienced financial difficulties that have triggered, and in the future may trigger, adverse financial consequences in the United States
and international markets. In particular, a number of large European banks hold significant amounts of sovereign financial institution debt of other European nations and could experience difficulties as a result of defaults or declines in the value
of such debt. If we determine to reposition or realign portions of the portfolio or otherwise determine to sell certain securities in an unrealized loss position, we will incur an other-than-temporary impairment charge. 

Defaults on our commercial mortgage loans or the mortgage loans underlying our investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities and volatility in
performance may adversely affect our profitability. 

Our commercial mortgage loans and investments in commercial mortgage-backed
securities face default risk. Commercial mortgage loans are stated on our consolidated balance sheets at unpaid principal balance, adjusted for any unamortized premium or discount, deferred fees or expenses, and are net of impairments and valuation
allowances. We establish valuation allowances for estimated impairments as of the balance sheet date based on information, such as the market value of the underlying real estate securing the loan, any third-party guarantees on the loan balance or
any cross collateral agreements and their impact on expected recovery rates. Commercial mortgage-backed securities are stated on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. 

Further, any concentration of geographic, sector or counterparty exposure in our commercial mortgage loans or the mortgage loans underlying
our investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities may have adverse effects on our investment portfolio and consequently on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. While we seek to mitigate this risk by having a broadly
diversified portfolio, events or developments that have a negative effect on any particular geographic region, sector or counterparty may have a greater adverse effect on the investment portfolios to the extent that the portfolios are exposed to
such geographic region, sector or counterparty. 
Competitors could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share and
profitability. 

Our businesses are subject to intense competition. We believe the principal competitive factors in the sale of our
products are product features, product investment returns, price, commission structure, marketing and distribution arrangements, brand, reputation, financial strength ratings and service. In many of our product lines, we face competition from
competitors that have greater market share or breadth of distribution, offer a broader range of products, services or features, assume a greater level of risk, have lower profitability expectations or have higher financial strength ratings than we
do. Our recent financial challenges have adversely and directly impacted the competitiveness of our life, annuity and long-term care insurance businesses, and indirectly adversely impacted our mortgage insurance business. In addition, many
competitors offer similar products and use similar distribution channels. The appointment of a receiver to rehabilitate or liquidate or take other adverse regulatory actions against a significant competitor could also negatively impact our
businesses if such actions were to impact consumer confidence in industry products and services. 
Our reliance on key distribution relationships could
cause us to lose significant sales if one or more of those relationships terminate or are reduced. 

We distribute our products through
a wide variety of distribution methods, including through relationships with key distribution partners (including lender customers of our mortgage insurance businesses). These distribution partners are an integral part of our business model. We are
at risk that key distribution partners may merge, change their distribution model affecting how our products are sold, or terminate their distribution contracts or relationships with us. In addition, timing of key distributor adoption of our new
product offerings may impact sales of those products. Some distributors have, and in the future others may, elect to terminate or 

74 

Table of Contents

reduce their distribution relationships with us for a variety of reasons, including as a result of our recent financial challenges (including adverse ratings actions). And in the future, other
distributors may terminate or reduce their relationships with us as a result of, among other things, these challenges as well as future adverse developments in our business or adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks,
commission levels or the breadth of our product offerings. As discussed in “Part I—Item 1—Business—International Mortgage Insurance,” our mortgage insurance businesses in Canada and Australia are concentrated in a small
number of key distribution partners, which increases our risks and exposure in the event one or more of these partners terminate or reduce their relationship with us. Any termination, reduction or material change in relationship with a key
distribution partner could have a material adverse effect on our future sales for one or more products. 
Our insurance businesses are extensively
regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 

Our insurance operations are subject to a wide
variety of laws and regulations and are extensively regulated. State insurance laws regulate most aspects of our U.S. insurance businesses, and our insurance subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance departments of the states in which they are
domiciled and licensed. Our international operations are principally regulated by insurance regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they are domiciled. Failure to comply with applicable regulations or to obtain or maintain appropriate
authorizations or exemptions under any applicable laws could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or engage in activities regulated in one or more jurisdictions in which we operate and could subject us to fines and other sanctions
which could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the nature and extent of regulation of our activities in applicable jurisdictions could materially change causing a material adverse effect on our business. 

Insurance regulatory authorities in the United States and internationally have broad administrative powers including, but not limited to: 

•

licensing companies and agents to transact business; 

•

calculating the value of assets and determining the eligibility of assets to determine compliance with statutory requirements; 

•

mandating certain insurance benefits; 

•

regulating certain premium rates; 

•

reviewing and approving policy forms; 

•

regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution arrangements and payment of inducements; 

•

establishing and revising statutory capital and reserve requirements and solvency standards; 

•

fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and minimum rates for guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance policies and annuity contracts; 

•

approving future rate increases; 

•

approving changes in control of insurance companies; 

•

restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates; and 

•

regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments. 

State insurance regulators and
the NAIC regularly re-examine existing laws and regulations, specifically focusing on modifications to statutory accounting principles, interpretations of existing laws and the development of new laws and regulations applicable to insurance
companies and their products. Any proposed or future legislation or NAIC initiatives, if adopted, may be more restrictive on our ability to conduct business than current 

75 

Table of Contents

regulatory requirements or may result in higher costs or increased statutory capital and reserve requirements. Further, because laws and regulations can be complex and sometimes inexact, there is
also a risk that any particular regulator’s or enforcement authority’s interpretation of a legal, accounting or reserving issue may change over time to our detriment, or expose us to different or additional regulatory risks. The
application of these regulations and guidelines by insurers involves interpretations and judgments that may differ from those of state insurance departments. We cannot provide assurance that such differences of opinion will not result in regulatory,
tax or other challenges to the actions we have taken to date. The result of those potential challenges could require us to increase levels of statutory capital and reserves or incur higher operating costs and/or have implications on certain tax
positions. 
In addition, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the regulatory body of the FHLBs, began exploring changes to federal
regulations in December 2010, augmented by an additional proposed advisory bulletin in 2012 on FHLB lending to insurers. These changes, if enacted, could impact our ability to effectively utilize FHLB products and services. FHLB membership provides
a low-cost alternative funding source for our businesses. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof in the United States, can be made for the benefit of the consumer, or for other reasons, at the expense of the insurer and
thus could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
Regulators in the United States and
internationally have developed criteria under which they are subjecting non-bank financial companies, including insurance companies, that are deemed systemically important to higher regulatory capital requirements and stricter prudential
standards. Although neither we nor any of our subsidiaries have been designated systemically important, we cannot predict whether we or any of our subsidiaries will be deemed systemically important in the future or how such a designation would
impact our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
Litigation and regulatory investigations or other actions are common in
the insurance business and may result in financial losses and harm our reputation. 

We face the risk of litigation and regulatory
investigations or other actions in the ordinary course of operating our businesses, including class action lawsuits. Our pending legal and regulatory actions include proceedings specific to us and others generally applicable to business practices in
the industries in which we operate. 
In our insurance operations, we are, have been, or may become subject to class actions and individual
suits alleging, among other things, issues relating to sales or underwriting practices, increases to in-force long-term care insurance premiums, payment of contingent or other sales commissions, claims payments and procedures, cancellation or
rescission of coverage, product design, product disclosure, administration, additional premium charges for premiums paid on a periodic basis, denial or delay of benefits, charging excessive or impermissible fees on products, recommending unsuitable
products to customers, our pricing structures and business practices in our mortgage insurance businesses, such as captive reinsurance arrangements with lenders and contract underwriting services, violations of RESPA or related state anti-inducement
laws and breaching fiduciary or other duties to customers. In our investment-related operations, we are subject to litigation involving commercial disputes with counterparties. In addition, we are also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such
as information requests, subpoenas, books and record examinations and market conduct and financial examinations, from state, federal and international regulators and other authorities. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us, as
well as regulators, may seek very large or indeterminate amounts, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. 
We are also
subject to litigation arising out of our general business activities such as our contractual and employment relationships and we are currently subject to two shareholder putative class action lawsuits alleging securities law violations. 

76 

Table of Contents

A substantial legal liability or a significant regulatory action (including uncertainty about the
outcome of pending legal and regulatory investigations and actions) against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in the litigation, regulatory action or
investigation, we could suffer significant reputational harm and incur significant legal expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. At this time, it is not feasible to predict,
nor determine, the ultimate outcomes of any pending investigations and legal proceedings, nor to provide reasonable ranges of possible losses other than those that have been disclosed. 

For a further discussion of certain current investigations and proceedings in which we are involved, see “Item 3—Legal
Proceedings.” We cannot assure you that these investigations and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is also possible that we could become subject to further
investigations and have lawsuits filed or enforcement actions initiated against us. In addition, increased regulatory scrutiny and any resulting investigations or legal proceedings could result in new legal precedents and industry-wide regulations
or practices that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting may adversely impact our company. 

As discussed in “Part II—Item 9A—Controls and
Procedures,” we have concluded that we did not have adequate controls designed and in place to ensure that we correctly implemented changes made to one of our methodologies as part of our comprehensive long-term care insurance claim reserves
review completed in the third quarter of 2014. As a result, we failed to identify a $44 million after-tax calculation error. Although this control deficiency did not result in a material misstatement in the consolidated financial statements, we have
concluded a material weakness exists in the controls over the implementation of our long-term care insurance claim reserves assumption and methodology changes because such a misstatement could have occurred. We are currently working to remediate the
material weakness. 
We currently are targeting to complete the implementation of the control enhancements during 2015. We will test the
ongoing operating effectiveness of the new controls subsequent to implementation, and consider the material weakness remediated after the applicable remedial controls operate effectively for a sufficient period of time. We cannot be sure when we
will successfully remediate the material weakness or whether compensating controls will be effective before then in preventing or detecting material errors. The remediation may require substantial time and resources to successfully implement.
Moreover, this material weakness and the financial statement errors we have had in the past or may have in the future could cause investors, creditors, distributors, customers, rating agencies, regulators and others to lose confidence in the
effectiveness of our internal controls and the accuracy of our financial statements and other information, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our computer systems may fail or be compromised, and unanticipated problems could materially adversely impact our disaster recovery systems and business
continuity plans, which could damage our reputation, impair our ability to conduct business effectively and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our computer systems. We also have arrangements in place with our partners and
other third-party service providers through which we share and receive information. We rely on these systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing claims and applications, providing information to customers and
distributors, performing actuarial analyses and maintaining financial records. Despite the implementation of security and back-up measures, our computer systems and those of our partners and third-party service providers may be vulnerable to
physical or electronic intrusions, computer viruses or other attacks, programming errors and similar disruptive problems. The failure of these systems for any reason could cause significant interruptions to our operations, which could result in a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

77 

Table of Contents

We retain confidential information in our computer systems, and we rely on commercial
technologies to maintain the security of those systems, including computers or mobile devices. Anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures and penetrate our computer systems or misuse authorized access could access, view, misappropriate,
alter, or delete any information in the systems, including personally identifiable information, personal health information and proprietary business information. Our employees, distribution partners and other vendors may use portable computers or
mobile devices which may contain similar information to that in our computer systems, and these devices have been and can be lost, stolen or damaged, and therefore subject to the same risks as our other computer systems. In addition, an increasing
number of states and foreign countries require that affected parties be notified or other actions be taken (which could involve significant costs to us) if a security breach results in the inappropriate disclosure of personally identifiable
information. Although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches has had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation. Any compromise of the security of our computer
systems that results in inappropriate disclosure of personally identifiable customer information could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter people from purchasing our products, subject us to significant civil and criminal liability and
require us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. 
In addition, unanticipated problems with, or failures of, our
disaster recovery systems and business continuity plans could have a material adverse impact on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if those problems affect our information
technology systems and destroy, lose or otherwise compromise valuable data. In addition, in the event that a significant number of our employees were unavailable in the event of a disaster, our ability to effectively conduct business could be
severely compromised. The failure of our disaster recovery systems and business continuity plans could adversely impact our profitability and our business. 

The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or a pandemic could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed to various risks arising out of natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and tornadoes, and man-made
disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions and pandemics. For example, a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could disrupt our computer systems and our ability to conduct or process business, as well as lead to unexpected
changes in persistency rates as policyholders and contractholders who are affected by the disaster may be unable to meet their contractual obligations, such as payment of premiums on our insurance policies, deposits into our investment products, and
mortgage payments on loans insured by our mortgage insurance policies. They could also significantly increase our mortality and morbidity experience above the assumptions we used in pricing our insurance and investment products. The continued threat
of terrorism and ongoing military actions may cause significant volatility in global financial markets, and a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could trigger an economic downturn in the areas directly or indirectly affected by the disaster.
These consequences could, among other things, result in a decline in business and increased claims from those areas, as well as an adverse effect on home prices in those areas, which could result in increased loss experience in our mortgage
insurance businesses. Disasters or a pandemic also could disrupt public and private infrastructure, including communications and financial services, which could disrupt our normal business operations. 

A natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could also disrupt the operations of our counterparties or result in increased prices for the
products and services they provide to us. For example, a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could lead to increased reinsurance prices or reduced availability of reinsurance and potentially cause us to retain more risk than we otherwise
would retain if we were able to obtain reinsurance at lower prices. In addition, a disaster or a pandemic could adversely affect the value of the assets in our investment portfolio if it affects companies’ ability to pay principal or interest
on their securities or the value of the underlying collateral of structured securities or the value of the underlying collateral of structured securities. 

78 

Table of Contents

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act subjects us to additional federal regulation,
and we cannot predict the effect of such regulation on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

In July 2010,
the Dodd-Frank Act was enacted and signed into law. The Dodd-Frank Act made extensive changes to the laws regulating financial services firms and requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range of new implementing rules and regulations,
many of which have taken effect. Federal agencies were given significant discretion in drafting the rules and regulations to implement the Dodd-Frank Act. Although many of those regulations have now been adopted, many of the details and much of the
impact of the Dodd-Frank Act may not be known for some time. In addition, this legislation mandated multiple studies and reports for Congress, which could result in additional legislative or regulatory action. 

Among other provisions, the Dodd-Frank Act provides for a new framework of regulation of OTC derivatives markets that requires us to clear
certain types of transactions through clearing organizations. We are subject to the clearing requirement that requires us to post highly liquid securities as initial margin and have cash available to meet daily variation margin demands for most of
our new interest rate derivative transactions. The need for initial and variation margin requires us to hold additional liquid, lower-yielding securities as well as cash in our investment portfolio. In addition, over time, we will experience
additional collateral requirements for derivative transactions that are not required to be cleared. Certain of our derivative transactions are required to be traded on swap execution facilities, regulated platforms for swap trading. Our derivatives
activity is subject to greater transparency due to heightened reporting requirements. As a result of all of these changes which could make trading derivatives more expensive or difficult to execute, we may have to alter or limit the way we use
derivatives in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
The
Dodd-Frank Act also requires many of our swap trading counterparties to register as OTC derivatives dealers. OTC derivatives dealers will be subject to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act regarding minimum capital and margin posting and collection
requirements. OTC derivatives dealers are or will be subject to new business conduct standards, disclosure requirements, reporting and recordkeeping requirements, transparency requirements, position limits, limitations on conflicts of interest, and
other regulatory burdens (some of which are already in effect). These requirements may increase the overall costs for OTC derivative dealers, which are likely to be passed along, at least partially, to market participants such as us in the form of
higher fees or less advantageous dealer marks. These additional obligations on dealers may make it more difficult and costly for us to enter into certain transactions. They may also render certain of our investment strategies impossible or so costly
that they will no longer be cost-effective to implement. 
The applicability of many of these regulations to us will depend to a large
extent on whether the FSOC determines that we are systemically significant, in which case we would become subject to supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. FSOC has adopted final rules for evaluating whether a non-bank financial company should be
designated as systemically significant. To date, the FSOC has not identified us as systemically significant. Since we are not affiliated with an insured depository institution, such supervision would probably have its greatest effect on requirements
relating to capital, liquidity, stress testing, limits on counterparty credit exposure, compliance and governance, early remediation in the event of financial weakness and other prudential matters. Systemically significant companies are also
required to prepare resolution plans, so-called “living wills,” that set out how they could most efficiently be liquidated if they endangered the U.S. financial system or the broader economy. Insurance companies that are found to be
systemically significant are permitted, in some circumstances, to submit abbreviated versions of such plans. 
The Dodd-Frank Act
establishes an FIO within the Department of the Treasury to perform various functions with respect to insurance, including serving as a non-voting member of the FSOC and making recommendations to the FSOC regarding insurers that may be designated
for more stringent oversight by the FSOC. We have not been designated to receive oversight by the FSOC, but there can be no assurances that it will not happen in the future. 

79 

Table of Contents

We cannot predict the requirements that will be imposed under all the regulations adopted under
the Dodd-Frank Act, the effect regulations will have on financial markets generally, or on our businesses specifically (directly or indirectly), the additional costs associated with compliance with such regulations, or any changes to our operations
that may be necessary to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act and the regulations thereunder, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Changes in accounting and reporting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other standard-setting bodies and insurance regulators
could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our financial statements are subject to the
application of U.S. GAAP, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting
Standards Board. It is possible that future accounting and reporting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the required adoption of future accounting and reporting standards may result in significant costs to implement. For example, current proposals may change the accounting for
insurance contracts and financial instruments and could result in increased volatility of net income as well as other comprehensive income. In addition, these proposals could require us to make significant changes to systems and use additional
resources, resulting in significant incremental costs to implement the proposals. 
We have significant deferred tax assets, and any impairments of or
valuation allowances against these deferred tax assets in the future could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We currently utilize significant deferred tax assets to offset income, particularly in our mortgage insurance businesses. The extent to which
we can utilize deferred tax assets may be limited for various reasons, including but not limited to changes in tax rules or regulations and if projected future taxable income becomes insufficient to recognize the full benefit of our net operating
loss (“NOL”) carryforwards prior to their expiration. Additionally, our ability to fully use these tax assets will also be adversely affected if we have an “ownership change” within the meaning of Section 382 of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. An ownership change is generally defined as a greater than 50% increase in equity ownership by “5% shareholders” (as that term is defined for purposes of Section 382) in any three-year
period. Future changes in our stock ownership, depending on the magnitude, including the purchase or sale of our common stock by 5% shareholders, and issuances or redemptions of common stock by us, could result in an ownership change that would
trigger the imposition of limitations under Section 382. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that in the future we will not experience limitations with respect to recognizing the benefits of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes for
which limitations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
We may be required to
accelerate the amortization of deferred acquisition costs and the present value of future profits, which would increase our expenses and reduce profitability. 

DAC represents costs related to the successful acquisition of our insurance policies and investment contracts, which are deferred and amortized
over the estimated life of the related insurance policies and investment contracts. These costs primarily consist of commissions in excess of ultimate renewal commissions and underwriting and contract and policy issuance expenses incurred on
policies and contracts successfully acquired. Under U.S. GAAP, DAC is subsequently amortized to income, over the lives of the underlying contracts, in relation to the anticipated recognition of premiums or gross profits. In addition, when we acquire
a block of insurance policies or investment contracts, we assign a portion of the purchase price to the right to receive future net cash flows from the acquired block of insurance and investment contracts and policies. This intangible asset, called
PVFP, represents the actuarially estimated present value of future cash flows from the acquired policies. We amortize the value of this intangible asset in a manner similar to the amortization of DAC. 

80 

Table of Contents

Our amortization of DAC and PVFP generally depends upon, among other items, anticipated profits
from investments, surrender and other policy and contract charges, mortality, morbidity and maintenance expense margins. Unfavorable experience with regard to expected expenses, investment returns, mortality, morbidity, withdrawals or lapses may
cause us to increase the amortization of DAC or PVFP, or both, or to record a charge to increase benefit reserves, and such increases could be material. 

We regularly review DAC and PVFP to determine if they are recoverable from future income. If these costs are not recoverable, they are charged
as expenses in the financial period in which we make this determination. For example, if we determine that we are unable to recover DAC from profits over the life of a block of insurance policies or annuity contracts, or if withdrawals or surrender
charges associated with early withdrawals do not fully offset the unamortized acquisition costs related to those policies or annuities, we would be required to recognize the additional DAC amortization as an expense in the current period. Equity
market volatility could result in losses in our variable annuity products and associated hedging program which could challenge our ability to recover DAC on these products and could lead to further write-offs of DAC. 

We have significant international operations that could be adversely affected by changes in political or economic stability or government policies where we
operate. 

We have a presence in more than 25 countries around the world. Global economic and regulatory developments could affect our
business in many ways. For example, our operations are subject to local laws and regulations, which in many ways are similar to the state laws and regulations outlined above. Many of our international customers and independent sales intermediaries
also operate in regulated environments. Changes in the regulations that affect their operations also may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or to distribute our products. These changes could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may increase materially our direct
and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Local, regional and global economic conditions, including changes in housing markets, employment levels, government benefit levels, credit
markets, trade levels, inflation, recession and currency fluctuations, as discussed above, also could have a material adverse effect on our international businesses. Political changes, some of which may be disruptive, can also interfere with our
customers and all of our activities in a particular location. Attempts to mitigate these risks can be costly and are not always successful. 

Many European countries which use the euro as a common currency have experienced levels of economic stress. Failure of European officials to
resolve the current euro area debt situation may result in significant financial market volatility and instability and negatively influence our business within European countries, as well as other countries around the world.

Our international businesses and operations are subject to the tax laws and regulations, and value added tax and other indirect taxes, in the
countries in which they are organized and in which they operate. Foreign governments from time to time consider legislation and regulations that could increase the amount of taxes that we pay or impact the sales of our products. An increase to tax
rates in the countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
Fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates and international securities markets could negatively affect our profitability. 

The results of our
international operations are denominated in local currencies, and because we derive a significant portion of our income from our international operations, our results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent the dollar value of
foreign currencies is reduced due to a strengthening of the U.S. dollar. 

81 

Table of Contents

We generally invest cash generated by our international operations in securities denominated in local currencies. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013, approximately 18% and 20%, respectively,
of our invested assets were held by our international operations and were invested primarily in non-U.S.-denominated securities. Although investing in securities denominated in local currencies limits the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuation
on local operating results, we remain exposed to the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates as we translate the operating results of our international operations into our consolidated financial statements. We currently do not hedge this exposure,
other than for dividend and other expected cash payments from our Canadian and Australian mortgage insurance businesses, and, as a result, period-to-period comparability of our results of operations is affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. Our
investments in non-U.S.-denominated securities are subject to fluctuations in non-U.S. securities and currency markets, and those markets can be volatile. Non-U.S. currency fluctuations also affect the value of any dividends paid by our non-U.S.
subsidiaries to their parent companies in the United States. 
Risks Relating Primarily to Our Long-Term Care Insurance, Life Insurance and Annuities
Businesses 

We may not be able to increase premiums or reduce benefits on our in-force long-term care insurance policies by enough or quickly enough
and the rate actions or reduced benefits currently being implemented and any future rate actions may adversely affect demand for our long-term care insurance products, our reputation in the market, our results of operations and our financial
condition. 

The success of our strategy for our long-term care insurance business is based on our ability to obtain significant price
increases or benefit reductions, as warranted and actuarially justified based on our experience, on our in-force block of long-term care insurance policies and price our new policies appropriately (at significantly higher prices than has
historically been the case). The adequacy of our current long-term care insurance reserves also depends significantly on this assumption and our ability to successfully execute our in-force management plan through increased premiums or reduced
benefits as anticipated. Although the terms of all of our long-term care insurance policies permit us to increase premiums during the premium-paying period, these increases generally require regulatory approval, which often takes a long time to
obtain and may not be obtained in all relevant jurisdictions or for the full amounts requested. In addition, some states are considering adopting long-term care insurance rate increase legislation that would further limit increases in long-term care
insurance premium rates beyond the rate stability legislation previously adopted in certain states, which would adversely impact our ability to achieve anticipated rate increases. Rate increases by us or our competitors could also adversely affect
our reputation in the markets in which we operate, adversely impact our ability to continue to market and sell new long-term care insurance products, make it more difficult for us to obtain future rate increases and adversely impact our ability to
retain existing policyholders and agents. Policyholders may be unwilling or unable to pay the increased premiums we will seek to charge. We cannot predict how our policyholders (or potential future policyholders), agents, competitors and regulators
may react to any rate increases, nor can we predict if regulators will approve regulated rate increases. If we are not able to increase rates or achieve associated benefit reductions for our in-force long-term care insurance policies to the extent
we anticipate, we may be required to establish additional reserves and make greater payments under our long-term care insurance policies than we currently project. We may also be forced to stop selling our long-term care insurance products in
markets where we cannot achieve satisfactory rate increases, which will cause a further decrease in our sales. For discussion of risks relating to our reserves, see “—If our reserves for future policy claims are inadequate as a result of
deviations from our estimates and actuarial assumptions or other reasons, we may be required to increase our reserves, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.” 

In addition, there can be no assurance that the premium levels of our current and future products will be well received by the market, and we
may suffer from a decreased demand for our long-term care insurance products. If we are unable to sell our long-term care insurance products at such premium levels, we may not be able to sell them profitably or at all, and our results of operations
and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

82 

Table of Contents

If demand fails to increase for our long-term care insurance, life insurance or fixed annuity products, our
business and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

A large percentage of our
revenue is derived from sales of long-term care insurance, life insurance and fixed annuity products. In recent years, industry sales of these products have varied; in some years, sales have significantly declined while in other years sales have
grown moderately. Several factors can affect demand for these products, including changes in market and economic conditions, risk tolerance of insurers and customers and legislative or regulatory changes. In the past, decisions by insurers to
cease offering these products, to raise prices on in-force policies or new policies and/or to introduce new products with higher prices have negatively impacted sales for these products. These actions resulted in decreased purchases of some of these
products and have caused some distributors to reduce their sales focus on some of these products. Our success in these businesses depends on our ability to introduce and market products and services that are financially attractive and address
our customers’ changing demands. If the market for life insurance, long-term care insurance and fixed annuity products remains flat or does not improve or if we are unable to compete effectively in that market with our product offerings,
our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. For the impact on sales of these products from recent rating changes, see “—Recent adverse rating agency actions have resulted in a loss of business
and adversely affected our results of operations, financial condition and business and future adverse rating actions could have a further and more significant adverse impact on us.” 

If we have projected profits in earlier years followed by projected losses in later years (as is currently the case with our long-term care insurance
business), we will be required to increase our reserve liabilities over time to offset the projected future losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We calculate and maintain reserves for estimated future payments of claims to our policyholders and contractholders in accordance with U.S.
GAAP and industry accounting practices. When we conclude that our reserves are insufficient by line of business to cover actual or expected policy and contract benefits and claim payments as a result of changes in experience, assumptions or
otherwise, we are required to increase our reserves and incur charges in the period in which we make the determination. We are also required to accrue additional reserves over time when the overall reserve is adequate by line of business, but
profits are projected in earlier years followed by losses projected in later years. When this pattern of profits followed by losses exists, and we determine that an additional reserve liability is required, we increase reserves in the years we
expect to be profitable by the amounts necessary to offset losses projected in later years. 
In our long-term care insurance products,
projected profits followed by projected losses are anticipated to occur because U.S. GAAP requires that original assumptions be used in determining reserves for future policy claims unless and until a premium deficiency exists. Our existing
locked-in reserve assumptions do not include assumptions for premium rate increases, which if included in reserves, could reduce or eliminate future projected losses. The amount of future increases in reserves may be significant and this could
materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For example, the results of our loss recognition testing as of December 31, 2014 on our long-term care insurance products, excluding the acquired block, indicated that
our DAC was recoverable and reserves were sufficient. However, the loss recognition testing for our long-term care insurance products, excluding the acquired block, indicated we had projected profits in earlier years benefitting from our in-force
rate actions followed by projected losses in the later years given our updated view on claims severity. As a result of this pattern of projected profits followed by projected losses, we are required to accrue additional future policy benefit
reserves in the profitable years, currently expected to be through approximately 2030 (before accruing for the additional liability), by the amounts necessary to offset losses in later years. Given there were no profits in our long-term care
insurance business in 2014, no accrual was recorded. 
For additional information, see “Part II—Item 7—Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates—Insurance liabilities and reserves.” 

83 

Table of Contents

We may face losses if there are deviations from our assumptions regarding the future persistency of our
insurance policies and annuity contracts. 

The prices and expected future profitability of our insurance and deferred annuity products
are based in part upon expected patterns of premiums, expenses and benefits, using a number of assumptions, including those related to persistency, which is the probability that a policy or contract will remain in-force from one period to the next.
The effect of persistency on profitability varies for different products. For most of our life insurance and deferred annuity products, actual persistency that is lower than our persistency assumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability,
primarily because we would be required to accelerate the amortization of expenses we deferred in connection with the acquisition of the policy or contract. For our deferred annuities with GMWBs and guaranteed annuitization benefits, actual
persistency that is higher than our persistency assumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability because we could be required to make withdrawal or annuitization payments for a longer period of time than the account value would support. For
our universal life insurance policies, increased persistency that is the result of the sale of policies by the insured to third parties that continue to make premium payments on policies that would otherwise have lapsed, also known as life
settlements, could have an adverse impact on profitability because of the higher claims rate associated with settled policies. 
For our
long-term care insurance and some other health insurance policies, actual persistency in later policy durations that is higher than our persistency assumptions could have a negative impact on profitability. If these policies remain in-force longer
than we assumed, then we could be required to make greater benefit payments than we had anticipated when we priced these products. This risk is particularly significant in our long-term care insurance business because we do not have the experience
history that we have in many of our other businesses. As a result, our ability to predict persistency and resulting benefit experience for long-term care insurance is more limited than for many other products. Some of our long-term care insurance
policies have experienced higher persistency than we had assumed, which has resulted in higher claims and an adverse effect on the profitability of that business. 

Because our assumptions regarding persistency experience are inherently uncertain, reserves for future policy benefits and claims may prove to
be inadequate if actual persistency experience is different from those assumptions. Although some of our products permit us to increase premiums during the life of the policy or contract, we cannot guarantee that these increases would be sufficient
to maintain profitability or that such increases would be approved by regulators or approved in a timely manner. Moreover, many of our products either do not permit us to increase premiums or limit those increases during the life of the policy or
contract. Significant deviations in experience from pricing expectations regarding persistency could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. 

Medical advances, such as genetic research and diagnostic imaging, and related legislation could materially adversely affect the financial performance of
our life insurance, long-term care insurance and annuity businesses. 

Genetic testing research and discovery is advancing at a rapid
pace. Though some of this research is focused on identifying the genes associated with rare diseases, much of the research is focused on identifying the genes associated with an increased risk of various diseases such as diabetes, heart disease,
cancer and Alzheimer’s disease. Diagnostic testing utilizing various blood panels or imaging techniques may allow clinicians to detect similar diseases during an earlier phase. We believe that if an individual learns through such testing that
they are predisposed to a condition that may reduce their life expectancy or increase their chances of requiring long-term care, they potentially will be more likely to purchase our life and long-term care insurance policies or not permit their
existing policy to lapse. In contrast, if an individual learns that they lack the genetic predisposition to develop the conditions that reduce longevity or require long-term care, they potentially will be less likely to purchase our life and
long-term care insurance products, but more likely to purchase certain annuity products and permit their life and long-term care insurance policies to lapse. 

84 

Table of Contents

Being able to access and use the medical information (including the results of genetic and
diagnostic testing) known to our prospective policyholders is important to ensure that an underwriting risk assessment matches the anticipated risk priced into our life and long-term care insurance products, as well as our annuity products.
Currently, there are some state level restrictions related to an insurer’s access and use of genetic information, and periodically new genetic testing legislation is being introduced. However, further restrictions on the access and use of such
medical information could create a mismatch between an assessed risk and the product pricing. Such a mismatch has the potential to increase product pricing resulting in a decrease in sales and purchasers at increased risk becoming the more likely
buyer. The net result of this could cause a deterioration in the risk profile of our portfolio which could lead to payments to our policyholders and contractholders that are materially higher than anticipated. 

In addition to earlier diagnosis or knowledge of disease risk, medical advances may also lead to newer forms of preventive care which could
improve an individual’s overall health and longevity. If this were to occur, the duration of payments made by us under certain forms of our annuity contracts likely would increase thereby reducing our profitability on those products. 

We may not be able to continue to mitigate the impact of Regulations XXX or AXXX and, therefore, we may incur higher operating costs that could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We have increased term and universal life insurance
statutory reserves in response to Regulations XXX and AXXX and have taken steps to mitigate the impact these regulations have had on our business, including increasing premium rates and implementing reserve funding structures, as well as changing
our product offerings. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to continue to implement actions to mitigate further impacts of Regulations XXX or AXXX on our term and universal life insurance products. Market conditions and regulatory
constraints have, at times, limited the capacity of, and impacted pricing for, these reserve funding structures. If capacity were to be limited for a prolonged period of time, our ability to obtain new funding for these structures could be hindered.
Additionally, we cannot be sure that there will not be regulatory, tax or other challenges to the actions we have taken to date, which could require us to increase statutory reserves or incur higher operating and/or tax costs. 

One way that we and other insurance companies have mitigated the impact of these regulations is through captive reinsurance companies and/or
special purpose vehicles. During 2014, the NAIC approved a new regulatory framework applicable to the use of captive insurers in connection with Regulation XXX and Regulation AXXX transactions, and implemented the framework through AG 48, which
requires the ceding company’s actuary who opines on the insurer’s reserves to issue a qualified opinion if the framework is not followed. The NAIC is also currently developing a model regulation to be implemented by states that is expected
to contain the same substantive provisions as the provisions of the adopted AG 48. Further implementation of the framework remains with respect to risk-based capital calculations, financial reporting by captives and other issues. Resolution of these
issues, as well as potential additional requirements that could be imposed by individual regulators, could make it more difficult and/or expensive for us to mitigate the impact of Regulations XXX and AXXX, and this in turn, could affect our product
prices and offerings. 
If we were to discontinue our use of captive life reinsurance subsidiaries to finance statutory reserves in
response to regulatory changes on a prospective basis, the reasonably likely impact would be increased costs related to alternative financing, such as third-party reinsurance, and potential reductions in or discontinuance of new term life insurance
sales, all of which would adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we cannot be certain that affordable alternative financing would be available. 

85 

Table of Contents

Risks Relating Primarily to Our Mortgage Insurance Businesses 

A deterioration in economic conditions or a decline in home prices may adversely affect our loss experience in mortgage insurance. 

Losses in our mortgage insurance businesses generally result from events, such as reduction of income, unemployment, underemployment, divorce,
illness, inability to manage credit, interest rate levels and home values that reduce a borrower’s ability to continue to make mortgage payments and disproportionate reliance of a local economy on a business sector that experiences a decline.
The amount of the loss we suffer, if any, depends in part on whether the home of a borrower who defaults on a mortgage can be sold for an amount that will cover unpaid principal and interest and the expenses of the sale. A deterioration in economic
conditions generally increases the likelihood that borrowers will not have sufficient income to pay their mortgages and can also adversely affect housing values, which increases our risk of loss. A decline in home prices, whether or not in
conjunction with deteriorating economic conditions, may also increase our risk of loss. 
In the past, the United States in particular
experienced an economic slowdown and saw a pronounced weakness in its housing markets, as well as declines in home prices. This slowdown and the resulting impact on the housing markets have been reflected in our elevated level of delinquencies. In
addition, there has been a lag in the rate at which delinquent loans are going to foreclosure due to various local and lender foreclosure moratoria as well as servicer and court-related backlog issues. As these loans eventually go to foreclosure,
our paid claims will increase. Ongoing delays in foreclosure processes could cause our losses to increase as expenses accrue for longer periods or if the value of foreclosed homes further decline during such delays. If we experience an increase in
or the cost of delinquencies that are higher than expected, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
Premiums
for the significant portion of our international mortgage insurance risk in-force with high loan-to-value ratios may not be sufficient to compensate us for the greater risks associated with those policies. 

A significant portion of our international mortgage insurance risk in-force consists of mortgage loans with high loan-to-value ratios, which
typically have claim incidence rates substantially higher than mortgage loans with lower loan-to-value ratios. In Canada and Australia, the risks of having a portfolio with a significant portion of high loan-to-value mortgages are greater than in
the United States and Europe because we generally agree to cover 100% of the losses associated with mortgage defaults in those markets, compared to percentages in the United States and Europe that typically range between 10% and 35% of the loan
amount. Although mortgage insurance premiums for higher loan-to-value ratio loans generally are higher than for loans with lower loan-to-value ratios, the difference in premium rates may not be sufficient to compensate us for the greater risks
associated with mortgage loans bearing higher loan-to-value ratios. 
Our international mortgage insurance business is subject to substantial
competition from government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises, and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions. 

Like our U.S. mortgage insurance business, our international mortgage insurance business competes with government-owned and
government-sponsored enterprises. In Canada, we compete with CMHC, a Crown corporation owned by the Canadian government. In Europe, these enterprises include public mortgage guarantee facilities in a number of countries. Like government-owned and
government-sponsored enterprises in the United States, these competitors may establish pricing terms and business practices that may be influenced by motives such as advancing social housing policy or stabilizing the mortgage lending industry, which
may not be consistent with maximizing return on capital or other profitability measures. In the event that a government-owned or sponsored entity in one of our markets determines to reduce prices significantly or alter the terms and conditions of
its mortgage insurance or other credit enhancement products in furtherance of social or other goals rather than a profit motive, we may be unable to compete in that market effectively, which could have a material

86 

Table of Contents

adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. See “—We compete with government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises in our U.S. mortgage insurance business,
and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions.” 
In Canada, CMHC is a sovereign entity
that provides mortgage lenders a lower capital charge and a 100% government guarantee as compared to loans covered by our policy which benefit from a 90% government guarantee. CMHC also operates the Canadian Mortgage Bond Program, which provides
lenders the ability to efficiently guaranty and securitize their mortgage loan portfolios. If we are unable to effectively distinguish ourselves competitively with our Canadian mortgage lender customers, under current market conditions or in the
future, we may be unable to compete effectively with CMHC as a result of the more favorable capital relief it can provide or the other products and incentives that it offers to lenders. 

Recent conditions in the international financial markets could lead other countries to nationalize our competitors or establish competing
governmental agencies, which would further limit our competitive position in international markets and, therefore, materially affect our results of operations. 

Changes in regulations could affect our international operations significantly and could reduce the demand for mortgage insurance. 

In addition to the general regulatory risks that are described under “—Our insurance businesses are extensively regulated and changes
in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth,” we are also affected by various additional regulations relating particularly to our international mortgage insurance operations. 

All financial institutions that are federally regulated by OSFI are required to purchase mortgage insurance whenever the amount of a mortgage
loan exceeds 80% of the value of the collateral property at the time the loan is made. From time to time, the Canadian government reviews the federal financial services regulatory framework and has in the past examined whether to remove, in whole or
in part, the requirement for mortgage insurance on such high loan-to-value mortgages. High loan-to-value mortgage loans constitute a significant part of our portfolio of insured mortgages in Canada, and the removal, in whole or in part, of the
regulatory requirement for mortgage insurance for such loans could result in a reduction in the amount of new insurance written by us in Canada in future years. In addition, any increase in the threshold loan-to-value ratio above which mortgage
insurance is required could also result in a reduction in the amount of new insurance written by us in Canada in future years. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Over the past several years, the Canadian government implemented a series of revisions to the rules for government guaranteed mortgages
aimed at strengthening Canada’s housing finance system and ensuring the long-term stability of the Canadian housing market. These revisions were formalized in amendments to the Government Guarantee Agreement and are now reflected in regulations
under PRMHIA. 
If the Canadian government were to alter its policy in any manner adverse to us, including by managing its aggregate cap of
CAD$300.0 billion on the outstanding principal amount of mortgages insured by private mortgage insurance providers in a manner that is detrimental to private mortgage insurance providers, altering the terms of or terminating its guarantee of the
policies of private mortgage insurance providers, including those with Genworth Canada, or varying the treatment of private mortgage insurance in the capital rules, Genworth Canada could lose its ability to compete effectively with CMHC and could
effectively be unable to write new business as a private mortgage insurer in Canada. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to offer mortgage insurance products in Canada and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations. For further discussion of the Government Guarantee Agreement, refer to “Item 1—Business—International Mortgage Insurance—Canada—Government Guarantee.” 

APRA regulates all ADIs in Australia and life, general, and mortgage insurance companies. APRA also determines the minimum regulatory capital
requirements for ADIs. APRA’s current regulations provide for 

87 

Table of Contents

reduced capital requirements for certain ADIs that insure residential mortgages with an “acceptable” mortgage insurer (which include our Australian mortgage insurance companies) for all
non-standard mortgages and for standard mortgages with loan-to-value ratios above 80%. APRA’s regulations currently set out a number of circumstances in which a loan may be considered to be non-standard from an ADI’s perspective. The
capital levels for Australian internal ratings-based ADIs are determined by their APRA-approved internal ratings-based models, which may or may not allocate capital credit for LMI. We believe that APRA and the internal ratings-based ADIs have not
yet finalized internal models for residential mortgage risk, so we do not believe that the internal ratings-based ADIs currently benefit from an explicit reduction in their capital requirements for mortgages covered by mortgage insurance. 

Under rules adopted by APRA effective January 1, 2008, in connection with the revisions to a set of regulatory rules and procedures
governing global bank capital standards that were introduced by the Basel Committee of the Bank for International Settlements, ADIs in Australia that are accredited as standardized now receive a reduced capital incentive for using mortgage insurance
for high loan-to-value mortgage loans when compared to previous regulations in Australia. ADIs that are considered to be advanced accredited and determine their own capital estimates, are currently working with the mortgage insurers and APRA to
determine the appropriate level of incentive mortgage insurance provides for high loan-to-value mortgage loans. The rules also provide that ADIs would be able to acquire mortgage insurance covering less of the exposure to the loan than existing
requirements with reduced capital incentives. Accordingly, lenders in Australia may be able to reduce their use of mortgage insurance for high loan-to-value ratio mortgages, or limit their use to the higher risk portions of their portfolios, which
may have an adverse effect on our Australian mortgage insurance business. 
In December 2010, revisions to a set of regulatory rules and
procedures governing global bank capital standards were introduced by the Basel Committee of the Bank for International Settlements to strengthen regulatory capital, liquidity and other requirements for banks, known as Basel III. Although we believe
these revisions could support further use of mortgage insurance as a risk and capital management tool in international markets, their adoption by individual countries internationally and in the United States has not concluded and we cannot be sure
that this will be the case. Since the Basel framework continues to evolve, we cannot predict the mortgage insurance benefits, if any, that ultimately will be provided to lenders, or how any such benefits may affect the opportunities for the growth
of mortgage insurance. If countries implement Basel III in a manner that does not reward lenders for using mortgage insurance as a credit risk mitigant on high loan-to-value mortgage loans, or if lenders conclude that mortgage insurance does not
provide sufficient capital incentives, then we may have to revise our product offerings to meet the new requirements and our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

In December 2013, the Australian government announced that there would be an inquiry into Australia’s financial system. The FSI made a
number of recommendations, which were released by the Australian government on December 7, 2014. The FSI has recommended, among other things, that capital levels for internal ratings-based ADIs be raised against residential real estate risks
and that lenders mortgage insurance be recognized for bank capital credit purposes where appropriate. The FSI has also recommended narrowing the average risk-weight gap between average risk-weights for the internal ratings-based ADIs and other ADIs
to help promote competition. In releasing the FSI’s recommendations, the Australian Treasurer commented that the FSI’s recommendations on bank capital are for APRA and the RBA to be considered as independent regulators. The Australian
government will consult with industry before making any recommendations. The Australian government, or the regulators, could change the way that ADIs manage residential real estate risk, including changing the incentives to utilize mortgage
insurance, damaging our ability to write new business in Australia. As part of the Australian government’s and regulators potential implementation of the FSI’s recommendations, there may be other legal or regulatory changes that could
impact our business negatively, including, but not limited to mandating that mortgage insurance and the underlying mortgages become portable between lenders. 

88 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to meet the capital requirements mandated by the PMIERs in the form ultimately adopted
because the capital requirements are higher than we currently anticipate or otherwise, we may not be eligible to write new insurance on loans sold to or guaranteed by the GSEs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

Private mortgage insurers must satisfy the MI Eligibility Standards. Each GSE’s Congressional
charter generally prohibits it from purchasing or guaranteeing a mortgage where the loan-to-value ratio exceeds 80% of home value unless the portion of the unpaid principal balance of the mortgage, which is in excess of 80% of the value of the
property securing the mortgage, is protected against default by lender recourse, participation or by a qualified insurer. In furtherance of their respective charter requirements, each GSE has adopted MI Eligibility Standards to establish when a
mortgage insurer is qualified to issue coverage that will be acceptable to the respective GSE for purchase or guarantee of high loan-to-value mortgages. 

The GSEs have the authority to implement new requirements at any time. In June 2013, the FHFA, in its capacity as conservator for the GSEs,
announced strategic priorities for the GSEs and indicated that there could be changes to the guidelines contained within the PMIERs. On July 10, 2014, the FHFA released publicly a draft of the revised PMIERs. A 60-day public comment period
commenced after publication of the revised draft PMIERs, after which the FHFA and the GSEs continue to review and consider any commentary received before the revised draft PMIERs are finalized. The guidelines contained within the current draft
PMIERs contemplate an effective date for compliance 180 days after the final publication date, which is anticipated to be toward the end of the first quarter or beginning of the second quarter of 2015. In addition, the guidelines permit a transition
period, subject to GSE approval, of two years from the publication date to meet the revised capital levels. 
The amount of additional
capital that will be required to meet the Net Asset Requirements, as defined in the revised draft PMIERs, and operate our business is dependent upon, among other things, (i) the extent the final PMIERs as ultimately adopted differ materially
from the current draft, including with respect to the amount and timing of additional capital requirements and the amount of capital credit provided to various types of assets; (ii) the way the guidelines are applied and interpreted by the GSEs
and FHFA as and after they are implemented; (iii) the future performance of the U.S. housing market; (iv) our generating and having expected U.S. mortgage insurance business earnings, available assets and risk-based required assets
(including as they relate to the value of the shares of our Canadian mortgage insurance subsidiary that are owned by our U.S. mortgage insurance business as a result of share price and foreign exchange movements or otherwise), reducing risk in-force
and reducing delinquencies as anticipated, and writing anticipated amounts and types of new U.S. mortgage insurance business, and (v) our projected overall financial performance, capital and liquidity levels being as anticipated. As a result,
the amount of capital required for our U.S. mortgage insurance business may be higher than currently anticipated, which would increase the associated risks. In the absence of a premium increase, the more capital we hold relative to insured loans,
the lower our returns will be. We may be unable to increase premium rates for various reasons, principally due to competition. Our inability, on the other hand, to increase the capital as required in the anticipated timeframes and on the anticipated
terms, and to realize the anticipated benefits, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We expect to meet the increased capital needs of our U.S. mortgage insurance business resulting from the revised draft PMIERs. To address
these increased capital needs, we intend to utilize primarily reinsurance (or similar) transactions, together with cash available at the holding company. The implementation of these actions depends on market conditions, third-party approvals or
other actions (including approval by regulators), and other factors which are outside of our control and therefore, we cannot be sure we will be able to successfully implement these actions on the anticipated timetable and terms or at all, or
achieve the anticipated benefits. Another potential capital source includes, but is not limited to, the issuance of securities by Genworth Financial or Genworth Holdings, which could materially adversely impact our business, shareholders and
debtholders. 
Although we believe we will be able to increase the capital of our U.S. mortgage insurance business as required so that we
will continue to be an eligible mortgage insurer after the final PMIERs are fully effective, 

89 

Table of Contents

there can be no assurance this will be the case. If we are unable to meet the capital requirements mandated by the final PMIERs upon their becoming fully effective because the capital
requirements are higher than we currently anticipate or otherwise, or we determine not to or are unable to utilize additional sources of capital to meet them, we may not be eligible to write new insurance on loans sold to or guaranteed by the GSEs,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
Our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries
are subject to minimum statutory capital requirements and hazardous financial condition standards which, if not met or waived, would result in restrictions or prohibitions on our doing business and could have a material adverse impact on our results
of operations. 

The elevated levels of paid claims and increases in loss reserves have impacted the statutory capital base of our U.S.
mortgage insurance subsidiaries. Certain states have insurance laws or regulations which require a mortgage insurer to maintain a minimum amount of statutory capital relative to its level of risk in-force. While formulations of minimum capital vary
in certain states, the most common measure applied allows for a maximum permitted risk-to-capital ratio of 25:1. If one of our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries that is writing business in a particular state fails to maintain that state’s
required minimum capital level, we would generally be required to immediately stop writing new business in the state until the insurer re-establishes the required level of capital or receives a waiver of the requirement from the state’s
insurance regulator, or until we establish an alternative source of underwriting capacity acceptable to the regulator. GMICO, our primary U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiary, previously had exceeded the maximum risk-to-capital ratio of 25:1
established under North Carolina law and enforced by the NCDOI, GMICO’s domestic insurance regulator, but as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, GMICO’s risk-to-capital ratio was approximately 14.3:1 and 19.3:1, respectively. While it is
our expectation that our U.S. mortgage insurance business will continue to meet its regulatory capital requirements, should GMICO in the future exceed required risk-to-capital levels, we would seek required regulatory and GSE forbearance and
approvals or seek approval for the utilization of alternative insurance vehicles. However, there can be no assurance if, and on what terms, such forbearance and approvals may be obtained. 

While we believe GMICO has sufficient claims-paying resources currently to meet its claims obligations on existing insurance in-force, we
cannot provide assurance that this would always be the case. Furthermore, our estimates of claims-paying resources and claim obligations are based on various assumptions, which include the timing of the receipt of claims on loans in our delinquency
inventory and future claims that we anticipate will ultimately be received, our anticipated loss mitigation activities, premiums, housing prices and unemployment rates. These assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainty and require judgment by
management. Current conditions in the domestic economy make the assumptions about when anticipated claims will be received, housing values, and unemployment rates uncertain, such that there is a wide range of reasonably possible outcomes. Also, our
U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries hold certain affiliate assets including, but not limited to, investments in the common stock of Genworth Canada and the European mortgage insurance subsidiary, as well as in preferred stock of GLIC, all of which
are included in our reported statutory capital of our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries. The statutory reported value of the Canadian and European mortgage insurance investments is subject to the operating performance of these affiliates as
well as changes in foreign exchange rates and mark-to-market valuation on their investment portfolios. These exposures to foreign currency exchange rates are not currently hedged and, hence, the statutory capital of our U.S. mortgage insurance
subsidiaries and their statutory risk-to-capital ratio may fluctuate because of variances in future reported values. The statutory reporting value of the GLIC preferred stock may be dependent on, among other factors, GLIC’s dividend-paying
capacity. In addition, if the NCDOI decreases or no longer permits the admissibility of all or a portion of these affiliate assets, this could have a material adverse impact on the statutory capital and business of our U.S. mortgage insurance
subsidiaries. 
In addition to the minimum statutory capital requirements, our U.S. mortgage insurance business is subject to standards by
which insurance regulators in a particular state evaluate the financial condition of the insurer. Typically, regulators are required to evaluate specified criteria to determine whether or not a company may be found to be in hazardous financial
condition, in which event restrictions on the business may be imposed. Among 

90 

Table of Contents

these criteria are formulas used in assessing trends relating to statutory capital. We can provide no assurance as to whether or when a regulator may make a determination of hazardous financial
condition for one or more of our mortgage subsidiaries. Such a determination could likely lead to restrictions or prohibitions on our doing business in that state and could have a material adverse impact on results of operations depending on the
number of states involved. 
During 2012, the NAIC established the MGIWG to determine and make recommendations to the NAIC’s Financial
Condition Committee as to what, if any, changes to make to the solvency and other regulations relating to mortgage guaranty insurers. During 2014, the MGIWG published a revised draft of the previously proposed amendments of the MGI Model and
solicited comments on these revised proposed amendments. The proposed amendments of the MGI Model relate to, among other things: (i) capital and reserve standards, including increased minimum capital and surplus requirements, mortgage
guaranty-specific risk-based capital standards, dividend restrictions and contingency and premium deficiency reserves; (ii) limitations on the geographic concentration of mortgage guaranty risk, including state-based limitations;
(iii) restrictions on mortgage insurers’ investments in notes secured by mortgages; (iv) prudent underwriting standards and formal underwriting guidelines to be approved by the insurer’s board; (v) the establishment of
formal, internal “Mortgage Guaranty Quality Control Programs” with respect to in-force business; (vi) prohibitions on reinsurance with bank captive reinsurers; and (vii) incorporation of an NAIC “Mortgage Guaranty Insurance
Standards Manual.” At this time we cannot predict the outcome of this process, the effect changes, if any, will have on the mortgage guaranty insurance market generally, or on our businesses specifically, the additional costs associated with
compliance with any such changes, or any changes to our operations that may be necessary to comply, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We also cannot predict whether
other regulatory initiatives will be adopted or what impact, if any, such initiatives, if adopted as laws, may have on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and a small number of large mortgage lenders exert significant influence over the U.S. mortgage insurance market and changes to the
role or structure of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae could have a material adverse impact on our U.S. mortgage insurance business. 

Our U.S.
mortgage insurance products protect mortgage lenders and investors from default-related losses on residential first mortgage loans made primarily to home buyers with high loan-to-value mortgages, generally, those home buyers who make down payments
of less than 20% of their home’s purchase price. We believe the mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have increased the market size for flow private mortgage insurance during recent years. However, while Fannie Mae’s and
Freddie Mac’s purchase activity increased in recent years, mortgage insurance penetration did not increase proportionately due to a combination of tighter mortgage insurance guidelines and the impact of GSE loan-level pricing on high
loan-to-value loans. Changes by the GSEs in underwriting requirements or pricing terms on mortgage purchases could adversely affect the market size for private mortgage insurance. Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters generally prohibit
them from purchasing any mortgage with a face amount that exceeds 80% of the home’s value, unless that mortgage is insured by a qualified insurer or the mortgage seller retains at least a 10% participation in the loan or agrees to repurchase
the loan in the event of default. As a result, high loan-to-value mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac generally are insured with private mortgage insurance. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac independently establish eligibility standards for
U.S. mortgage insurers. The provisions in Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters create much of the demand for private mortgage insurance in the United States. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are also subject to regulatory oversight by the
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development Administration and the FHFA. 
Under the GSE-based MI Eligibility standards, Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac require maintenance of a financial strength rating by at least two out of three listed rating agencies (S&P, Fitch and Moody’s) of at least “AA-”/“Aa3” (as applicable). These MI Eligibility Standards
provide that if these requirements are not met additional limitations or requirements may be imposed in the case of Fannie Mae or will be imposed in the case of Freddie Mac for eligibility to insure loans purchased by the GSEs. In February 2008,
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac temporarily suspended their ratings requirements for top tier mortgage insurers, subject to submission of an 

91 

Table of Contents

acceptable remediation plan. We have submitted remediation plans to both GSEs. The GSEs are reviewing the MI Eligibility Standards and have proposed the revised draft PMIERs as modifications
to these standards. In conjunction with that review, and as a condition to us being eligible to continue to insure mortgage loans sold to Fannie Mae prior to the finalization of the PMIERs, Fannie Mae has imposed additional restrictions on us in
addition to the existing MI Eligibility Standards. See “Part II—Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Business trends and conditions—Trends and conditions affecting
our segments—U.S. Mortgage Insurance” for additional information. Any change in the charter provisions of the GSEs or other statutes or regulations relating to their purchase or guarantee activity, as well as to the mortgage insurer
eligibility standards, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
Increasing
consolidation among mortgage lenders, including the recent mergers in the U.S. banking industry, will continue to result in significant customer concentration for U.S. mortgage insurers. As a result of this significant concentration, Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac and the largest mortgage lenders possess substantial market power, which enables them to influence our business and the mortgage insurance industry in general. Although we actively monitor and develop our relationships with Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac and our largest mortgage lending customers, a deterioration in any of these relationships, or the loss of business from any of our key customers, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, if the FHLBs reduce their purchases of mortgage loans, purchase uninsured mortgage loans or use other credit-enhancement
products, this could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
In September 2008, the FHFA was
appointed conservator of the GSEs. The U.S. Congress continues to examine the role of the GSEs in the U.S. housing market, and the Obama administration also continues to evaluate available options regarding the future status of the GSEs. If
legislation is enacted that reduces or eliminates the need for the GSEs to obtain credit enhancement on above 80% loan-to-value loans or that otherwise reduces or eliminates the role of the GSEs in single-family housing finance, the demand for
private mortgage insurance in the United States could be significantly reduced. In February 2011, the Obama Administration issued a white paper setting forth various proposals to gradually eliminate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Since that date,
members of Congress, various housing experts and others within the industry have also published similar proposals. We cannot predict whether or when any proposals will be implemented, and if so in what form, nor can we predict the effect of such a
proposal, if so implemented, would have on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
Our claims expenses and loss reserves in our
U.S. mortgage insurance business could increase if the rate of defaults on mortgages covered by our mortgage insurance increases, and in some cases we expect that paid claims and loss reserves will increase. 

During the financial crisis, we experienced increases in paid claims and loss reserves as a result of a significant increase in delinquencies
and foreclosures in certain of our books of business, particularly those of 2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008. This impact was evident in all products across all regions of the country and was particularly evident in our A minus, Alt-A, ARMs and certain
100% loan-to-value products in Florida, California, Arizona and Nevada. In addition, throughout the United States, we experienced an increase in the average loan balance of mortgage loans, including on delinquent loans, as well as a significant
decline in home price appreciation in the majority of U.S. markets. 
The foregoing factors contributed to an increase in our incurred
losses and loss reserves during the financial crisis. While approximately 97% of our primary risk in-force in the United States as of December 31, 2014 is considered prime, based on FICO credit scores of the underlying mortgage loans, continued
low or negative home prices, coupled with weakened economic conditions, may cause further increases in our incurred losses and 

92 

Table of Contents

related loss ratios. Our loss experience may increase as policies continue to age. If the claim frequency on the risk in-force significantly exceeds the claim frequency that was assumed in
setting premium rates, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be materially adversely affected. 
In previous
years, we experienced higher levels of paid claims and a decline in the level of loan modifications for borrowers of mortgage loans underlying our delinquency population. If the loan modification trend worsens in 2015 beyond our expectations, we
would expect further aging of our delinquent loan inventory, which would pressure our loss reserves. Additionally, if levels of unemployment or underemployment increase in 2015, we would expect further increases in delinquencies and foreclosures to
cause upward pressure on our paid claims and loss reserves. With respect to home prices, while housing inventory has demonstrated some improvement in recent years, the inventory of available homes generally remains elevated. Since 2012, the level of
existing housing inventory, as measured by the number of months it takes to sell a home, has stabilized at a level of less than six months, which is down over that of prior periods. However, a higher-than-usual level of foreclosure-related