You should carefully consider the
following risks. These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected
or those expressed in any forward looking statements made by us or on our behalf. These risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under “Cautionary note
regarding forward-looking statements” and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 

Risks Relating to Our Businesses 

Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our access
to capital and may affect our ability to meet liquidity or refinancing requirements in the future. 

During 2008 and the beginning of
2009, the capital and credit markets experienced extreme volatility and disruption. As a result, access to capital and credit markets (including short- and long-term debt markets and equity markets) and to other available forms of financing and
liquidity, including certain types of reinsurance transactions, has been significantly impaired for us and for many other companies. In the current market, our liquidity needs could increase materially and rapidly for a variety of reasons, many of
which are outside of our control. For example, some of our insurance and investment products entitle holders to surrender their policies or withdraw funds prior to maturity, for any reason and on limited notice, in exchange for specified cash
amounts (although these may be subject to specified withdrawal penalties). In addition, we may require additional funds to invest in our insurance subsidiaries in the event that their regulatory capital levels decline below desired levels as a
result of future impairments of investment securities or other conditions, including changes in regulatory capital requirements. The principal sources of our liquidity are premiums and deposits collected from our insurance and investment products,
the margin generated from in-force business, and cash flow or sales proceeds from our investment portfolio. Other key sources of liquidity and funding include a variety of short- and long-term financing instruments, including our credit facilities,
reinsurance transactions, repurchase agreements and, under appropriate market conditions, commercial paper. 

49 

Table of Contents

In the event market or other conditions have an adverse impact on our capital and liquidity needs beyond
expectations and the sources outlined do not satisfy our needs, we would have to seek additional funding. Funding sources could potentially include the generation of proceeds from the sale of assets (including assets in our investment portfolio or
blocks of business), the incurrence of additional debt or access to government funding programs such as TARP. In addition, funding sources could potentially include issuing equity, with any decision to issue equity thoroughly considering the degree
to which such an equity issuance would dilute current stockholders’ value. All such funding sources can have various impacts on income, book value and stockholders’ equity. 

The availability of additional funding will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, regulatory considerations, the general availability
of credit, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, the level of activity and availability of reinsurers or acquirers of assets, our credit ratings and credit capacity and the performance of and outlook for our business
(including investor perceptions of the likelihood that we will incur material investment losses in the future). Market conditions may make it difficult to obtain funding or complete asset sales to generate additional liquidity, especially on short
notice. Our access to funding may be further impaired if our credit or financial strength ratings are negatively impacted. 

Current market
conditions also have exerted significant downward pressure on the price of our common stock, which could impact our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional equity related securities, or to obtain stockholder approval (if
required) for the issuance of equity securities. If we were to issue equity or equity related securities, such securities could take various forms including convertible or hybrid debt, common stock, preferred stock, and/or warrants. Preferred stock
would have terms that are more favorable than our common stock. Any issuance of equity securities could dilute the interests of our existing stockholders and could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Our subsidiaries are also
subject to insurance laws and regulations, as well as other federal and state laws and regulations, which would require us to seek regulatory approval for an issuance of additional equity in certain circumstances, including if we issue material
amounts of voting stock. If required, a review by insurance regulators could be time consuming and there is no assurance that approval would be granted. 

Continued downturns and volatility in equity and credit markets and the global economy would materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our results of operations are materially affected by the state of the global economies in which we operate and conditions in the capital markets we access
globally. The continued inactivity in the global capital markets and the recessionary state of many global economies have fueled uncertainty. Additionally, concerns over the availability and cost of credit, shrinking global mortgage markets, general
instability of financial and other institutions have contributed to increased volatility in our business and results of operations. 

Factors such as increased unemployment, lack of consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the global capital markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and,
ultimately, the amount and profitability of our business. In an economic downturn like the current one, which is characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer
spending, the demand for certain financial and insurance products may be adversely affected. In addition, we may experience an elevated incidence of claims and lapses or surrenders of policies, and some of our policyholders may choose to defer
paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. 

Domestic and international equity and credit markets have
experienced heightened volatility and turmoil during 2008, with issuers that have exposure to the mortgage and credit markets particularly affected. These events and the continuing market upheavals have had, and may continue to have, an adverse
effect on us, in part because we have a large investment portfolio and also because such events can influence customer behavior. Our revenues have declined as a result of the current environment and could continue to decline in the event that there
are significant additional impairments in our investment portfolio or the equity markets further erode the profitability of our retirement income products impacted by those markets. 

50 

Table of Contents

Downturns and volatility in equity markets may discourage purchases of separate account products, such as
variable annuities, that have returns linked to the performance of the equity markets and may cause some existing customers to withdraw cash values or reduce investments in these products. In addition, if the performance of the underlying mutual
funds in the separate account experience downturns and volatility for a long period of time, the payment of any living benefit guarantee available in certain variable annuity products may have an adverse effect on us, because more payments will be
required to come from general account assets than from contractholder separate account investments. Continued equity market volatility could result in additional losses in our variable annuity products and associated hedging program which will
further challenge our ability to recover deferred acquisition costs (“DAC”) on these products and could lead to additional write-offs of DAC, as well as increased hedging costs. 

Our revenues and returns from our mutual fund wrapped and separately managed account products and services could also be impacted by downturns and
volatility in equity markets. Because these products and services generate fees generally from the value of assets under management, a decline in the equity markets could reduce our revenues by reducing the value of the investment assets we manage.
Downturns in equity markets could also lead to an increase in liabilities associated with secondary guarantee features, such as guaranteed minimum benefits on separate account products, where we have equity market risk exposure. 

The market for fixed income instruments has experienced significantly decreased liquidity and price valuations, increased price volatility, numerous
credit downgrade events and an increased probability of default. Securities that are less liquid are more difficult to value and have been hard to dispose of in the current environment. In addition, given the continuing recession, issuers of the
fixed-income securities and commercial mortgage loans that we own may default on principal and interest payments. The economic downturn has caused significant declines in the value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio and could lead to a
higher rate of defaults on our fixed-income security portfolio that could adversely affect our financial results. 

As a result of market
conditions, investors and lenders have retreated from many investments in asset-backed securities, including those associated with non-agency residential mortgage loans and commercial mortgage loans, as well as types of debt investments with weak
lender protections or those with limited transparency and/or complex features which hindered investor understanding. At the same time, investors shifted emphasis towards less risky investments, increasing the demand for U.S. Treasury instruments.
This has resulted in an unfavorable liquidity environment for issuers, including Genworth, of financial instruments such as commercial paper, long-term debt and asset-backed securities. In addition, the downturn has, and will continue to have, an
adverse effect on our ability to efficiently access capital markets for capital management purposes, including the issuance of fixed and floating rate non-recourse funding obligations for purposes of supporting our term and universal life insurance
products. If credit markets remain tight for a prolonged period, this is likely to have a continuing adverse impact on our profitability, liquidity and access to funding opportunities. 

Investors in certain of our institutional products have chosen to not exercise maturity extension options. Investors in certain of our institutional
products that have early termination provisions may choose to elect early termination provisions in favor of investment alternatives offering higher returns or different liquidity features in light of the current or future downturns, volatility in
credit markets or their own current cash needs. Because we earn a spread between interest earned and interest credited on these products, earlier-than-anticipated maturities could reduce our revenues and profitability and may cause us to liquidate
underlying investments earlier than anticipated, which could result in investment losses given current market conditions or cause us to use other available sources of cash. 

A downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could result in a loss of business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Financial strength ratings, which various rating agencies publish as measures of an insurance company’s ability to meet contractholder and
policyholder obligations, are important to maintaining public confidence in our 

51 

Table of Contents

products, the ability to market our products and our competitive position. Credit ratings, which rating agencies publish as measures of an entity’s
ability to repay its indebtedness, are important to our ability to raise capital through the issuance of debt and to the cost of such financing. See “Item 1. Business—Financial Strength Ratings” for a complete description of our
current ratings. 

A ratings downgrade could occur for a variety of reasons, including reasons specifically related to our company,
generally related to our industry or the broader financial services industry or as a result of changes by the rating agencies in their methodologies or rating criteria. A negative outlook on our ratings or a downgrade in any of our financial
strength or credit ratings (including those recently announced), the announcement of a potential downgrade, or customer concerns about the possibility of a downgrade, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. These direct or indirect effects could include: 

•

 reducing new sales of insurance products, annuities and other investment products; 

•

 requiring us to modify some of our existing products or services to remain competitive, or introduce new products or services; 

•

 adversely affecting our relationships with key distributors, independent sales intermediaries and our dedicated sales specialists, including the loss of exclusivity
under certain agreements with our independent sales intermediaries; 

•

 materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contractholders and policyholders; 

•

 requiring us to post additional collateral or terminate contracts under the terms of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association agreements with derivative
counterparties, or to provide support in the form of collateral, capital contributions or letters of credit under the terms of certain of our reinsurance, securitization and other agreements; 

•

 adversely affecting our ability to maintain reinsurance assumed or obtain new reinsurance or obtain it on reasonable pricing terms; and

•

 increasing our cost of borrowing. 

In addition, if our mortgage insurance companies’ financial strength ratings decrease below the thresholds established by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, we may not be able to insure mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. Fannie
Mae and Freddie Mac currently require maintenance of a rating by at least two out of three listed rating agencies (S&P, Fitch and Moody’s) of at least “AA-”/“Aa3” (as applicable); otherwise additional limitations or
requirements may be in the case of Fannie Mae or will be in the case of Freddie Mac imposed for eligibility to insure loans purchased by the GSEs. In February 2008, both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac advised us that they were temporarily suspending
their ratings requirements for top tier mortgage insurers, subject to submission of an acceptable remediation plan. We have submitted remediation plans to both GSEs and to date have not been advised that either intends to impose additional
requirements upon us. As of December 31, 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchased the majority of the flow loans we insured in the U.S. An inability to insure mortgage loans sold to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac, or their transfer of our existing
policies to an alternative mortgage insurer, would have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

There can be
no assurance as to the impact on the financial markets of the U.S. government’s plan to purchase large amounts of illiquid, mortgage-backed and other securities from financial institutions. 

In October 2008, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (the “EESA”) was enacted in response to the financial crises affecting
the banking system and financial markets and continuing concern for the financial stability of investment banks and other financial institutions. Under the EESA, the U.S. Treasury has the authority to, among other things, invest up to $700 billion
directly into certain financial institutions, for the purpose of stabilizing the financial markets. In February 2009, President Barack Obama signed into law an additional economic recovery package that is designed to further stimulate the U.S.
economy through a variety of 

52 

Table of Contents

measures, including new federal spending programs designed to spur new job creation and certain federal tax cuts. The U.S. government, Federal Reserve and
other governmental and regulatory bodies have taken or are considering taking a variety of other actions to address the financial crisis. There can be no assurance as to what impact any of these actions will have on the financial markets, including
the extreme levels of volatility and limited availability of credit currently being experienced. Continued volatility could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not be able to access any of the U.S. government’s recently adopted or future financial support programs. 

The U.S. government, Federal Reserve and other governmental and regulatory bodies have recently adopted and, in the future may adopt, a variety of
programs to provide financial support to companies in the face of the challenging markets. The programs are evolving rapidly and many of the important details have not yet been decided. In addition, we have filed an application with the U.S.
Treasury Department to participate in its CPP under TARP. Our application is still under review and we cannot assure you that we will be approved for participation in the CPP. We continue to review our eligibility to participate in various other
programs. However, we cannot predict whether we will be eligible to participate in such programs, what the terms of our participation would be or whether we would elect to participate in any programs for which we may be eligible nor can we predict
the impact on the perception of our company if we are not eligible to participate in such programs. 

Interest rate fluctuations could adversely affect
our business and profitability. 

During the second half of 2008, interest rates decreased significantly. Our insurance and investment
products are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations and expose us to the risk that falling interest rates will reduce our “spread,” or the difference between the returns we earn on the investments that support our obligations under these
products and the amounts that we must pay policyholders and contractholders. Because we may reduce the interest rates we credit on most of these products only at limited, pre-established intervals, and because some contracts have guaranteed minimum
interest crediting rates, declines in interest rates have adversely affected, and will continue to adversely affect, the profitability of these products. 

During periods of increasing market interest rates, we may offer higher crediting rates on interest-sensitive products, such as universal life insurance and fixed annuities, and we may increase crediting rates on
in-force products to keep these products competitive. In addition, rapidly rising interest rates may cause increased policy surrenders, withdrawals from life insurance policies and annuity contracts and requests for policy loans, as policyholders
and contractholders shift assets into higher yielding investments. Increases in crediting rates, as well as surrenders and withdrawals, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our term life and long-term care insurance products also expose us to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. The pricing and expected future
profitability of these products are based in part on expected investment returns. Over time, term life and long-term care insurance products generally produce positive cash flows as customers pay periodic premiums, which we invest as they are
received. Low interest rates, like those we are currently experiencing, reduce our ability to achieve our targeted investment margins and may adversely affect the profitability of our term life and long-term care insurance products. 

In both the U.S. and international mortgage markets, rising interest rates generally reduce the volume of new mortgage originations. A decline in the
volume of new mortgage originations would have an adverse effect on our new mortgage insurance written. Rising interest rates also can increase the monthly mortgage payments for insured homeowners with adjustable rate mortgages (“ARMs”)
that could have the effect of increasing default rates on ARM loans and thereby increasing our exposure on our mortgage insurance policies. This is particularly relevant in our international mortgage insurance business where ARMs are the predominant
mortgage product. ARMs also have increased as a percentage of the U.S. mortgage loans that we insure. 

53 

Table of Contents

Declining interest rates historically have increased the rate at which borrowers refinance their existing
mortgages, thereby resulting in cancellations of the mortgage insurance covering the refinanced loans. Declining interest rates historically also have contributed to home price appreciation, which may provide borrowers in the U.S. with the option of
canceling their mortgage insurance coverage earlier than we anticipated when pricing that coverage. These cancellations could have an adverse effect on our results from our mortgage insurance business. However, under current market conditions, we
are in a period of home price depreciation in a majority of markets. Consequently, some borrowers in the U.S. do not have sufficient equity to allow refinancing of existing higher rate ARMs for lower rate mortgage loans, an action that would
typically result in the cancellation of existing mortgage insurance coverage. Many of these borrowers are now contributing to higher delinquencies and foreclosures because they are not able to meet the reset higher rate monthly payments due under
the terms of the underlying ARMs. These developments have had an adverse impact on our U.S. mortgage insurance business. 

Interest rate
fluctuations also could have an adverse effect on the results of our investment portfolios. During periods of declining market interest rates like those we are currently experiencing, the interest we receive on variable interest rate investments
decreases. In addition, during those periods, we are forced to reinvest the cash we receive as interest or return of principal on our investments in lower-yielding high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns.
Issuers of fixed-income securities also may decide to prepay their obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates, which exacerbates the risk that we may have to invest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit
instruments. Additionally, recent volatility and uncertainty in the sub-prime residential market has resulted in increased mortgage interest rates and delinquency rates. These developments have had an adverse impact on our U.S. mortgage insurance
business, as well as our investments in securities backed by sub-prime residential mortgage loans. See “—A deterioration in economic conditions or a decline in home price appreciation may adversely affect our loss experience in mortgage
insurance.” 

Our valuation of fixed maturity, equity and trading securities may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions that are subject
to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

Fixed maturity, equity and trading securities are reported at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. They represent the majority of our total
cash, cash equivalents and invested assets. Our portfolio of fixed maturity securities consists primarily of investment grade securities. During periods of market disruption, including periods of volatile asset pricing, credit-spread volatility,
illiquidity and reduced transparency of market participant valuation inputs, certain of our investment securities, such as our Alt-A and sub-prime mortgage-backed securities, become difficult to value. There may be certain asset classes that were in
active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the current financial environment. In these cases, valuing our investment securities may require more subjectivity and management judgment. As a result, valuations may
include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation, as well as valuation methods that are more sophisticated or require greater estimation, thereby resulting in values that are less certain and may vary
significantly from the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. The methodologies, estimates and assumptions we use in valuing our investment securities evolve over time and are subject to different interpretation (including based on
developments in relevant accounting literature), all of which can lead to changes in the value of our investment securities. Rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of investment
securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements, and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Defaults, downgrades or other events impairing the value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio may reduce our income. 

We are subject to the risk that the issuers or guarantors of fixed maturity securities we own may default on principal and interest payments they owe us.
As of December 31, 2008, fixed maturity securities of $42.9 billion 

54 

Table of Contents

in our investment portfolio represented 63% of our total cash, cash equivalents and invested assets. The current economic downturn and severe market
disruption, including but not limited to rapidly widening credit spreads and extensive illiquidity across many asset classes, has caused the fair value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio to decline. This trend, which contributed to our net
loss in 2008, may continue. With the ongoing economic downturn impacting the credit quality of certain issuers or guarantors, certain of our investments have become other-than-temporarily impaired, and therefore, our results of operations and
financial position have been adversely affected. As a result, we recognized $2.1 billion of impairments during 2008, including $815 million in the fourth quarter. 

Events reducing the value of our investment portfolio other than on a temporary basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Levels of write-downs or
impairments are impacted by our assessment of the financial condition of the issuer, whether or not the issuer is paying its principal and interest obligations and our intent and ability to hold securities which have declined in value until
recovery. The credit quality of our hybrid securities may be adversely impacted by the level and type of government support, including the risk that these institutions could be nationalized. If we determine to reposition or realign portions of the
portfolio where we determine not to hold certain securities in an unrealized loss position to recovery, then we will incur an other-than-temporary impairment charge. 

We may be required to recognize additional impairments in the value of our goodwill, which would increase our expenses and reduce our U.S. GAAP profitability. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire our subsidiaries and other businesses over the fair value of their net assets at the date
of the acquisition. Under U.S. GAAP, we test the carrying value of goodwill for impairment at least annually at the “reporting unit” level, which is either an operating segment or a business one level below the operating segment. Goodwill
is impaired if the fair value of the reporting unit as a whole is less than the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, plus the carrying value of goodwill, at the date of the test. For example, goodwill may
become impaired if the fair value of a reporting unit as a whole were to decline by an amount greater than the decline in the value of its individually identifiable assets and liabilities. This may occur for various reasons, including changes in
actual or expected income or cash flows of a reporting unit or generation of income by a reporting unit at a lower rate of return than similar businesses or for decreases in our market capitalization. If any portion of our goodwill becomes impaired,
we would be required to recognize the amount of the impairment as a non-cash expense in the current period. 

For the year ended
December 31, 2008, we recorded non-cash charges of $243 million, $22 million and $12 million to write-off the entire goodwill balance associated with our retirement income, U.S. mortgage insurance and institutional reporting units,
respectively. We continue to evaluate current market conditions that may affect the fair value of our reporting units to assess whether any goodwill impairment exists. Continued or deteriorating adverse market conditions for certain businesses may
have a significant impact on the fair value of our reporting units and could result in additional future impairments of goodwill. See note 9 in our consolidated financial statements under “Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data” for additional information related to goodwill. 

The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 

We routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment
banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty or client. For example, we hedge various business risks using derivative instruments, including options, interest
rate and currency swaps with a number of counterparties. If our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations, our hedges of the related risk will be ineffective. Such failure could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. 

We manage our credit risk by requiring certain financial institutions to post collateral. However, this may be
ineffective when the collateral posted by a financial institution cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices 

55 

Table of Contents

not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to it. We also have exposure to various financial institutions in the form
of equity investments and unsecured debt instruments. There can be no assurance that any such losses or impairments to the carrying value of its financial assets would not have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

We also entered into letters of credit with financial institutions to fund the statutory reserves of our term and universal life insurance
products. If these financial institutions fail to honor these letters of credit, we could experience a significant reduction in capital, which in turn, could materially adversely affect our ability to write new business and operate our insurance
businesses and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

An inability to access our credit facilities could result in a
reduction in our liquidity and lead to downgrades in our credit and financial strength ratings. 

We have a $1.0 billion five-year
revolving credit facility that matures in May 2012 and a $1.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility that matures in August 2012. These facilities bear variable interest rates based on one-month London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”)
plus a margin. Lehman Commercial Paper Inc. (“LCP”) had committed $70 million under the August 2012 credit facility and Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB (“Lehman FSB”) had committed $70 million under the May 2012 credit facility. On
October 5, 2008, LCP filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. LCP was unable to fulfill its commitments under the August 2012 credit facility and
Lehman FSB declined to fulfill its commitment under the May 2012 credit facility. Therefore, we only have access to $1.9 billion under these facilities. As of December 31, 2008, we had borrowings of an aggregate $930 million under these
facilities and we utilized $184 million of the commitment under these facilities primarily for the issuance of a letter of credit for the benefit of one of our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries. We rely on our credit facilities as a potential
source of liquidity. The availability of these facilities could be critical to our credit and financial strength ratings and our ability to meet our obligations as they come due, particularly in the current market when alternative sources of credit
are tight. The credit facilities contain various affirmative and negative covenants and events of default, including covenants requiring us to maintain a specified minimum consolidated net worth (as defined in the facilities), to conduct our
business in certain specified ways, to comply with applicable laws and not to engage in certain fundamental changes to our business (including disposition of a business segment or assets above a certain threshold). Consolidated net worth, as defined
in these agreements, means all amounts that would be included on a consolidated balance sheet of the borrower and its subsidiaries under stockholders’ equity, excluding accumulated non-owner changes in stockholders’ equity, also referred
to as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), or “AOCI.” Our right to make borrowings under these facilities is subject to the fulfillment of certain important conditions, including our compliance with all covenants. Our failure to
comply with the covenants in the credit facilities or fulfill the conditions to borrowings would restrict our ability to access these credit facilities when needed and, consequently, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. 

A decline in our risk-based capital could result in a decline in our ratings, increased scrutiny by state insurance
regulators and have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our insurance company
subsidiaries are subject to RBC standards and other minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements imposed under the laws of their respective states of domicile. The RBC standards, which are based upon the RBC Model Act adopted by the NAIC,
require our insurance subsidiaries to report their results of RBC calculations annually to the state departments of insurance and the NAIC. Changes in SAP relating to RBC calculations could adversely impact our ability to meet minimum RBC and
statutory capital and surplus requirements. In addition, defaults or impairments in our investment portfolio and a decline in the results of operations of our insurance subsidiaries, like those we have experienced recently, have had an adverse
impact on our RBC levels, in response to which we have contributed capital from our holding company to the life 

56 

Table of Contents

insurance subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that the life insurance subsidiaries will not need additional capital or that we will be able to provide it
to maintain the targeted RBC levels to support their business operations. 

The failure of our insurance subsidiaries to meet applicable RBC
requirements or minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements could subject our insurance subsidiaries to further examination or corrective action imposed by state insurance regulators, including limitations on their ability to write additional
business, state supervision or seizure or liquidation. A decline in our RBC also could cause rating agencies to downgrade the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries, which would have an adverse impact on our ability to write new
business. Certain actions by state insurance regulators or rating agencies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

If our reserves for future policy claims are inadequate, we may be required to increase our reserve liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We calculate and maintain reserves for estimated future payments of claims to our policyholders and contractholders in accordance with U.S. GAAP and
industry accounting practices. We release these reserves as those future obligations are extinguished. The reserves we establish necessarily reflect estimates and actuarial assumptions with regard to our future experience. These estimates and
actuarial assumptions involve the exercise of significant judgment. Our future financial results depend significantly upon the extent to which our actual future experience is consistent with the assumptions we have used in pricing our products and
determining our reserves. Many factors can affect future experience, including economic and social conditions, inflation, healthcare costs, policyholder persistency (resulting in adverse claims experience), and changes in doctrines of legal
liability and damage awards in litigation. Therefore, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts we will pay for actual claims or the timing of those payments. 

We regularly monitor our reserves. If we conclude that our reserves are insufficient to cover actual or expected policy and contract benefits and claims
payments, we would be required to increase our reserves and incur income statement charges for the period in which we make the determination, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and put additional strain on
our available liquidity. We recently increased our loss reserves significantly for our U.S. mortgage insurance business as a result of an increase in delinquencies, along with an increase in the average loan balance of mortgage loan delinquencies.
See “—Risks Relating to Our U.S. Mortgage Insurance Segment” below. 

As a holding company, we depend on the ability of our subsidiaries
to transfer funds to us to pay dividends and to meet our obligations. 

We act as a holding company for our insurance subsidiaries and do
not have any significant operations of our own. Dividends from our subsidiaries and permitted payments to us under our tax sharing arrangements with our subsidiaries are our principal sources of cash to pay stockholder dividends and to meet our
obligations. These obligations include our operating expenses and interest and principal on our current and any future borrowings. These obligations also include amounts we owe to GE under the Tax Matters Agreement. If the cash we receive from our
subsidiaries pursuant to dividend payment and tax sharing arrangements is insufficient for us to fund any of these obligations, or if a subsidiary is unable to pay dividends to us, we may be required to raise cash through the incurrence of debt, the
issuance of additional equity or the sale of assets. However, given the current conditions in the equity and credit markets, there can be no assurance that we would be able to raise cash by these means. 

The payment of dividends and other distributions to us by each of our insurance subsidiaries is regulated by insurance laws and regulations. In general,
dividends in excess of prescribed limits are deemed “extraordinary” and require insurance regulatory approval. In addition, insurance regulators may prohibit the payment of ordinary dividends or other payments by our insurance subsidiaries
to us (such as a payment under a tax sharing agreement or for employee or other services) if they determine that such payment could be adverse to our policyholders or contractholders. 

57 

Table of Contents

Intense competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability.

Our businesses are subject to intense competition. We believe the principal competitive factors in the sale of our products are product
features, price, commission structure, marketing and distribution arrangements, brand, reputation, financial strength ratings and service. 

Many other companies actively compete for sales in our retirement and protection markets, including other major insurers, banks, other financial institutions, mutual fund and asset management firms and specialty and capital markets
providers. In addition, alternative products that leverage the capital markets could compete with traditional insurance products and reduce our market share. The principal direct and indirect competitors for our U.S. and, increasingly, international
mortgage insurance businesses include other private mortgage insurers, structured transactions in the capital markets, other financial instruments designed to manage credit risk, such as credit default swaps and credit linked notes, lenders who
forego mortgage insurance, or self-insure, on loans held in their portfolios, and lenders that provide mortgage reinsurance through captive mortgage reinsurance programs. Further, we also compete with governmental and quasi-governmental agencies,
including in the U.S., the FHA and to a lesser degree, the VA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. In Canada and some European countries, our mortgage insurance business competes directly with government entities, which provide comparable mortgage
insurance. Government entities with which we compete typically do not have the same capital requirements and do not have the same profit objectives as we do. 

In many of our product lines, we face competition from competitors that have greater market share or breadth of distribution, offer a broader range of products, services or features, assume a greater level of risk,
have lower profitability expectations or have higher financial strength ratings than we do. Many competitors offer similar products and use similar distribution channels. The substantial expansion of banks’ and insurance companies’
distribution capacities and expansion of product features in recent years have intensified pressure on margins and production levels and have increased the level of competition in many of our business lines. Consolidation among banks, insurance
companies and other financial services companies could also have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations if the surviving entity requires more favorable terms than we had previously been offering to one or more of the
combined companies or if it elects not to continue to do business with us following the consolidation. 

Reinsurance may not be available, affordable or
adequate to protect us against losses. 

As part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we have historically purchased
reinsurance for certain risks underwritten by our various business segments. The availability and cost of reinsurance protection are impacted by our operating and financial performance as well as market conditions beyond our control. For example,
continued volatility in the equity markets and the related impacts on asset values required to fund liabilities have materially reduced the availability of certain types of reinsurance and made it much more costly when it is available, as reinsurers
have been less willing to take on credit risk in a volatile market. Accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain sufficient new reinsurance on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect
our ability to write future business or obtain statutory capital credit for new reinsurance. 

If the counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements or
to the derivative instruments we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We use reinsurance and derivative instruments to mitigate our risks in various circumstances. Reinsurance does not relieve us of our direct liability to
our policyholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to us. 

58 

Table of Contents

Accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers. We cannot assure you that our reinsurers will pay the reinsurance recoverable owed to us now
or in the future or that they will pay these recoverables on a timely basis. A reinsurer’s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. 

Prior to the completion of our IPO, we ceded to UFLIC substantially all of our in-force
structured settlements block of business, variable annuity business and the long-term care insurance assumed from MetLife Insurance Company of Connecticut as of December 31, 2003. UFLIC has established trust accounts for our benefit to secure
its obligations under the reinsurance arrangements, and General Electric Capital Corporation (“GE Capital”), an indirect subsidiary of GE, has agreed to maintain UFLIC’s risk-based capital above a specified minimum level. If UFLIC
becomes insolvent notwithstanding this agreement, and the amounts in the trust accounts are insufficient to pay UFLIC’s obligations to us, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

In addition, we use derivative instruments to hedge various business risks. We enter into a variety of derivative instruments, including options,
interest rate and currency swaps with a number of counterparties. If our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under the derivative instruments, our hedges of the related risk will be ineffective. This failure could have an
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our focus on key distribution relationships may expose us to reduced sales in the
future should a key distribution partner terminate its relationship with us. 

Although we distribute our products through a wide variety
of distribution models, we do maintain relationships with key distribution partners. These distribution partners are an integral part of our business model. As capital, credit and equity markets continue to experience extreme volatility, we are at
risk that key distribution partners may merge, change their distribution model affecting how our products are sold, or terminate their distribution contract with us. In addition, distributors may elect to reduce or terminate their distribution
relationships with us in light of our recent results, adverse developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. Any termination or material change in relationship with a key distribution partner
could have a material adverse affect on our future sales for one or more product lines. 

Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated, and changes in
regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 

Our insurance operations are subject to a wide variety of laws and
regulations. State insurance laws regulate most aspects of our U.S. insurance businesses, and our insurance subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance departments of the states in which they are domiciled and licensed. Our international operations
are principally regulated by insurance regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they are domiciled. 

State laws in the U.S.
grant insurance regulatory authorities broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things: 

•

 licensing companies and agents to transact business; 

•

 calculating the value of assets to determine compliance with statutory requirements; 

•

 mandating certain insurance benefits; 

•

 regulating certain premium rates; 

•

 reviewing and approving policy forms; 

•

 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution arrangements and
payment of inducements; 

•

 establishing statutory capital and reserve requirements and solvency standards; 

59 

Table of Contents

•

 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and minimum rates for guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance policies and annuity contracts;

•

 approving changes in control of insurance companies; 

•

 restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates; and 

•

 regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments. 

State insurance regulators and the NAIC regularly reexamine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, can
be made for the benefit of the consumer at the expense of the insurer and thus could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our mortgage insurance business is subject to additional laws and regulations. For a discussion of the risks associated with those laws and regulations, see “—Risks Relating to Our International
Segment” and “—Risks Relating to Our U.S. Mortgage Insurance Segment.” 

Legal and regulatory investigations and actions are
increasingly common in the insurance business and may result in financial losses and harm our reputation. 

We face a significant risk of
litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our businesses, including the risk of class action lawsuits. Our pending legal and regulatory actions include proceedings specific to us and others generally
applicable to business practices in the industries in which we operate. In our insurance operations, we are, have been, or may become subject to class actions and individual suits alleging, among other things, issues relating to sales or
underwriting practices, payment of contingent or other sales commissions, claims payments and procedures, product design, product disclosure, administration, additional premium charges for premiums paid on a periodic basis, denial or delay of
benefits, charging excessive or impermissible fees on products, recommending unsuitable products to customers, our pricing structures and business practices in our mortgage insurance business, such as captive reinsurance arrangements with lenders
and contract underwriting services, violations of RESPA or related state anti-inducement laws and breaching fiduciary or other duties to customers. In our investment-related operations, we are subject to litigation involving commercial disputes with
counterparties. We are also subject to litigation arising out of our general business activities such as our contractual and employment relationships. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek very large or indeterminate
amounts, including punitive and treble damages, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. We are also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas and books and record examinations, from state,
federal and international regulators and other authorities. A substantial legal liability or a significant regulatory action against us could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, even if we
ultimately prevail in the litigation, regulatory action or investigation, we could suffer significant reputational harm, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

For further discussion of current investigations and proceedings in which we are involved, see “Item 3—Legal Proceedings.” We cannot
assure you that these investigations and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is also possible that we could become subject to further investigations and have lawsuits
filed or enforcement actions initiated against us. In addition, increased regulatory scrutiny and any resulting investigations or proceedings could result in new legal precedents and industry-wide regulations or practices that could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our computer systems may fail or their security may be compromised, which could damage our
business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business is highly dependent upon the effective
operation of our computer systems. We rely on these systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing claims and applications, 

60 

Table of Contents

providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses and maintaining financial records. Despite the implementation of security
and back-up measures, our computer systems may be vulnerable to physical or electronic intrusions, computer viruses or other attacks, programming errors and similar disruptive problems. The failure of these systems for any reason could cause
significant interruptions to our operations, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We retain confidential information in our computer systems, and we rely on sophisticated commercial technologies to maintain the security of those systems. Anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures and
penetrate our computer systems could access, view, misappropriate, alter, or delete any information in the systems, including personally identifiable customer information and proprietary business information. In addition, an increasing number of
states and foreign countries require that customers be notified if a security breach results in the disclosure of personally identifiable customer information. Any compromise of the security of our computer systems that results in inappropriate
disclosure of personally identifiable customer information could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter people from purchasing our products, subject us to significant civil and criminal liability and require us to incur significant
technical, legal and other expenses. 

The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or a pandemic could adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations. 

We are exposed to various risks arising out of natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and
tornadoes, and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions and pandemics. For example, a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could lead to unexpected changes in persistency rates as policyholders and contractholders
who are affected by the disaster may be unable to meet their contractual obligations, such as payment of premiums on our insurance policies, deposits into our investment products, and mortgage payments on loans insured by our mortgage insurance
policies. They could also significantly increase our mortality and morbidity experience above the assumptions we used in pricing our insurance and investment products. The continued threat of terrorism and ongoing military actions may cause
significant volatility in global financial markets, and a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could trigger an economic downturn in the areas directly or indirectly affected by the disaster. These consequences could, among other things,
result in a decline in business and increased claims from those areas, as well as an adverse effect on home prices in those areas, which could result in increased loss experience in our mortgage insurance business. Disasters or a pandemic also could
disrupt public and private infrastructure, including communications and financial services, which could disrupt our normal business operations. 

A natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could also disrupt the operations of our counterparties or result in increased prices for the products and services they provide to us. For example, a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic
could lead to increased reinsurance prices and potentially cause us to retain more risk than we otherwise would retain if we were able to obtain reinsurance at lower prices. In addition, a disaster or a pandemic could adversely affect the value of
the assets in our investment portfolio if it affects companies’ ability to pay principal or interest on their securities. See “—We may face losses if there are significant deviations from our assumptions regarding the future
persistency of our insurance policies and annuity contracts” and “—A deterioration in economic conditions or a decline in home price appreciation may adversely affect our loss experience in mortgage insurance.” 

Risks Relating to Our Retirement and Protection Segment 

We may
face losses if morbidity rates or mortality rates differ significantly from our pricing expectations. 

We set prices for our insurance
and some annuity products based upon expected claims and payment patterns, using assumptions for, among other things, morbidity rates, or likelihood of sickness, and mortality rates, or likelihood of death, of our policyholders and contractholders.
The long-term profitability of these products depends upon how our actual experience compares with our pricing assumptions. For example, if morbidity rates are higher, or mortality rates are lower, than our pricing assumptions, we could be required
to 

61 

Table of Contents

make greater payments under long-term care insurance policies and annuity contracts than we had projected. Conversely, if mortality rates are higher than our
pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under our life insurance policies and annuity contracts with GMDBs than we had projected. 

The risk that our claims experience may differ significantly from our pricing assumptions is particularly significant for our long-term care insurance products. Long-term care insurance policies provide for
long-duration coverage and, therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge over many years after pricing assumptions have been established. For example, changes in socio-demographics and behavioral trends may have an adverse impact on our
future loss trends. Moreover, long-term care insurance does not have the extensive claims experience history of life insurance, and as a result, our ability to forecast future claim rates for long-term care insurance is more limited than for life
insurance. 

We may be required to accelerate the amortization of deferred acquisition costs and the present value of future profits, which would
increase our expenses and reduce profitability. 

DAC represents costs that vary with and are primarily related to the sale and issuance
of our insurance policies and investment contracts that are deferred and amortized over the estimated life of the related insurance policies and investment contracts. These costs include commissions in excess of ultimate renewal commissions,
solicitation and printing costs, sales material and some support costs, such as underwriting and contract and policy issuance expenses. Under U.S. GAAP, DAC is subsequently amortized to income, over the lives of the underlying contracts, in relation
to the anticipated recognition of premiums or gross profits. In addition, when we acquire a block of insurance policies or investment contracts, we assign a portion of the purchase price to the right to receive future net cash flows from existing
insurance and investment contracts and policies. This intangible asset, called the present value of future profits (“PVFP”), represents the actuarially estimated present value of future cash flows from the acquired policies. We amortize
the value of this intangible asset in a manner similar to the amortization of DAC. 

Our amortization of DAC and PVFP generally depends upon
anticipated profits from investments, surrender and other policy and contract charges, mortality, morbidity and maintenance expense margins. Unfavorable experience with regard to expected expenses, investment returns, mortality, morbidity,
withdrawals or lapses may cause us to increase the amortization of DAC or PVFP, or both, or to record a charge to increase benefit reserves. 

We regularly review DAC and PVFP to determine if they are recoverable from future income. If these costs are not recoverable, they are charged to expenses in the financial period in which we make this determination. For example, if we
determine that we are unable to recover DAC from profits over the life of a block of insurance policies or annuity contracts, or if withdrawals or surrender charges associated with early withdrawals do not fully offset the unamortized acquisition
costs related to those policies or annuities, we would be required to recognize the additional DAC amortization as an expense in the current period. Continued equity market volatility could result in additional losses in our variable annuity
products and associated hedging program which will challenge our ability to recover DAC on these products and could lead to further write-offs of DAC. 

Our reputation in the long-term care insurance market may be adversely affected by the rate actions currently being implemented on our in-force long-term care insurance products and by any rate actions we may take in the future. 

Although the terms of all our long-term care insurance policies permit us to increase premiums during the premium-paying period, prior to
our announced rate increase on July 26, 2007, we had not increased premiums on any in-force long-term care insurance policies issued by us. During 2007 and 2008, we filed for state regulatory approvals for premium rate increases of between 8%
and 12% on most of our block of older issued long-term care insurance policies and are currently in the process of implementing these rate increases. We cannot predict how our existing policyholders, agents and competitors will react to our rate
actions in the long- 

62 

Table of Contents

term. In addition, these rate actions, and any future rate action we may take, could limit our ability to continue to market and sell new long-term care
insurance products and our ability to retain existing policyholders, agent attrition, independent channel market share and morbidity trends may be impacted by the market/consumer perception and existing competitors’ differentiation strategy.

Medical advances, such as genetic research and diagnostic imaging, and related legislation could adversely affect the financial performance of our life
insurance, long-term care insurance and annuity businesses. 

Genetic research includes procedures focused on identifying key genes that
render an individual predisposed to specific diseases, such as particular types of cancer and other diseases. Other medical advances, such as diagnostic imaging technologies, also may be used to detect the early onset of diseases such as cancer and
cardiovascular disease. We believe that if individuals learn through medical advances that they are predisposed to particular conditions that may reduce life longevity or require long-term care, they will be more likely to purchase our life and
long-term care insurance policies or not to permit existing policies to lapse. In contrast, if individuals learn that they lack the genetic predisposition to develop the conditions that reduce longevity or require long-term care, they will be less
likely to purchase our life and long-term care insurance products but more likely to purchase certain annuity products. In addition, such individuals that are existing policyholders will be more likely to permit their policies to lapse. 

If we were to gain access to the same genetic or medical information as our prospective policyholders and contractholders, then we would be able to
take this information into account in pricing our life and long-term care insurance policies and annuity contracts. However, there are a number of legislative and regulatory actions and proposals that make, or could make, genetic and other medical
information confidential and unavailable to insurance companies. Pursuant to these legislative and regulatory actions and proposals, prospective policyholders and contractholders would only disclose this information if they chose to do so
voluntarily. These factors could lead us to reduce sales of products affected by these legislative and regulatory actions and proposals and could result in a deterioration of the risk profile of our portfolio, which could lead to payments to our
policyholders and contractholders that are higher than we anticipated. 

Medical advances could also lead to new forms of preventative care.
Preventative care could extend the life and improve the overall health of individuals. If this were to occur, the duration of payments under certain of our annuity products likely would increase, thereby reducing net income in that business.

We may face losses if there are significant deviations from our assumptions regarding the future persistency of our insurance policies and annuity
contracts. 

The prices and expected future profitability of our insurance and deferred annuity products are based in part upon expected
patterns of premiums, expenses and benefits, using a number of assumptions, including those related to persistency, which is the probability that a policy or contract will remain in-force from one period to the next. The effect of persistency on
profitability varies for different products. For most of our life insurance and deferred annuity products, actual persistency that is lower than our persistency assumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability, primarily because we would be
required to accelerate the amortization of expenses we deferred in connection with the acquisition of the policy or contract. For our universal life insurance policies, increased persistency that is the result of the sale of policies by the insured
to third parties that continue to make premium payments on policies that would otherwise have lapsed, also known as life settlements, could have an adverse impact on profitability because of the higher claims rate associated with settled policies.

For our long-term care insurance and some other health insurance policies, actual persistency in later policy durations that is higher
than our persistency assumptions could have a negative impact on profitability. If these policies remain in-force longer than we assumed, then we could be required to make greater benefit payments than we had anticipated when we priced these
products. This risk is particularly significant in our long-term care insurance business because we do not have the experience history that we have in many of our other businesses. 

63 

Table of Contents

As a result, our ability to predict persistency for long-term care insurance is more limited than for many other products. Some of our long-term care
insurance policies have experienced higher persistency than we had assumed, which has resulted in adverse claims experience. 

Because our
assumptions regarding persistency experience are inherently uncertain, reserves for future policy benefits and claims may prove to be inadequate if actual persistency experience is different from those assumptions. Although some of our products
permit us to increase premiums during the life of the policy or contract, we cannot guarantee that these increases would be sufficient to maintain profitability. Moreover, many of our products do not permit us to increase premiums or limit those
increases during the life of the policy or contract. Significant deviations in experience from pricing expectations regarding persistency could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. 

Regulations XXX and AXXX may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations by requiring us to increase our statutory reserves for term
and universal life insurance or incur higher operating costs. 

The Model Regulation entitled “Valuation of Life Insurance
Policies,” commonly known as “Regulation XXX,” requires insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for term life insurance policies with long-term premium guarantees. In addition, Valuation of Life Insurance Policies
Regulation, as clarified by Actuarial Guideline 38 (more commonly known as “Regulation AXXX”) requires insurers to establish additional statutory reserves for certain universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees. Virtually
all of our newly issued term and universal life insurance products are now affected by Regulations XXX and AXXX, respectively. 

In response
to this regulation, we have increased term and universal life insurance statutory reserves and changed our premium rates for term life insurance products. We also have implemented reinsurance and other capital management actions to mitigate the
capital and tax impact of Regulations XXX and AXXX. However, we cannot provide assurance that there will not be regulatory, tax or other challenges to the actions we have taken to date. The result of those potential challenges could require us to
increase statutory reserves or incur higher operating and/or tax costs. 

In light of the current downturn in the credit markets, we also
cannot provide assurance that we will be able to continue to implement actions to mitigate the impact of Regulation XXX or AXXX on future sales of term and universal life insurance products. Recent market conditions have limited the capacity or
increased prices for these reserve funding structures. If capacity continues to be limited for a prolonged period of time, our ability to obtain new funding for these structures may be hindered, and as a result our ability to write additional
business in a capital efficient and cost-effective manner may be impacted. If we are unable to continue to implement these actions, we may be required to increase statutory reserves, incur higher operating costs than we currently anticipate, reduce
our sales of these products or pursue alternative approaches, such as reinsurance and private funding transactions. We also may have to implement measures that may be disruptive to our business. For example, because term and universal life insurance
are particularly price-sensitive products, any increase in premiums charged on these products in order to compensate us for the increased statutory reserve requirements or higher costs of reinsurance may result in a significant loss of volume and
adversely affect our life insurance operations. 

If demand for long-term care insurance either declines or remains flat, we may not be able to execute
our strategy to expand our long-term care insurance business. 

We have devoted significant resources to developing our long-term care
insurance business and our growth strategy relies partly upon continued growth of the sale of this product. In recent years, industry sales of individual long-term care insurance have varied. In some years, sales have declined while in other years
sales have grown moderately. Annualized first-year premiums for individual long-term care insurance achieved a historical high in 2002 at approximately $1.0 billion and decreased by 38% to approximately $630 million in 

64 

Table of Contents

2007, according to LIMRA International, Inc. We believe this decrease was due primarily to decisions by several providers to cease offering long-term care
insurance, to raise premiums on in-force policies and/or to introduce new products with higher prices. These actions resulted in decreased purchases of long-term care insurance products and have caused some distributors to reduce their sales focus
on these products. Our individual long-term care insurance sales and our annualized first-year premiums have remained relatively flat in recent periods. If the market for long-term care insurance continues to remain flat or declines, we may be
unable to realize our growth strategy in this area and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Risks Relating to
Our International Segment 

We have significant operations internationally that could be adversely affected by changes in political or economic
stability or government policies where we operate. 

We have a presence in more than 25 countries around the world. Global economic and
regulatory developments could affect our business in many ways. For example, our operations are subject to local laws and regulations, which in many ways are similar to the state laws and regulations outlined above. Many of our international
customers and independent sales intermediaries also operate in regulated environments. Changes in the regulations that affect their operations also may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or to distribute our
products. These changes could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and
regulations may increase materially our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Local economic conditions, including inflation, recession and currency fluctuations, as discussed above, also affect our international businesses.
Political changes, some of which may be disruptive, can interfere with our customers and all of our activities in a particular location. Attempts to mitigate these risks can be costly and are not always successful. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and international securities markets could negatively affect our profitability. 

Our international operations generate revenues denominated in local currencies. For the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, 25%, 24% and
21%, respectively, of our revenues, excluding net investment gains (losses), and 116%, 43% and 35%, respectively, of our income from continuing operations, excluding net investment gains (losses), were generated by our international operations. We
generally invest cash generated by our international operations in securities denominated in local currencies. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, approximately 13% and 12%, respectively, of our invested assets were held by our international
operations and were invested primarily in non-U.S.-denominated securities. Although investing in securities denominated in local currencies limits the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuation on local operating results, we remain exposed to the
impact of fluctuations in exchange rates as we translate the operating results of our foreign operations into our financial statements. We currently do not hedge this exposure, and as a result, period-to-period comparability of our results of
operations is affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. For example, our results for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, included $20 million and $52 million, respectively, net of tax, due to the favorable impact of changes in foreign
exchange rates. In addition, because we derive a significant portion of our income from non-U.S.-denominated revenue, our results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent the dollar value of non-U.S.-denominated revenue is reduced due
to a strengthening U.S. dollar, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2008. 

Our investments in non-U.S.-denominated securities are
subject to fluctuations in non-U.S. securities and currency markets, and those markets can be volatile. Non-U.S. currency fluctuations also affect the value of any dividends paid by our non-U.S. subsidiaries to their parent companies in the U.S.

65 

Table of Contents

We may face losses if unemployment rates differ significantly from our pricing expectations. 

We set prices for our lifestyle protection insurance based upon expected claims and payment patterns. These expectations reflect our assumptions regarding
unemployment levels. The long-term profitability of these products depends upon how our actual experience compares with our pricing assumptions. If unemployment levels are higher than our pricing assumptions, the claims frequency could be higher for
our lifestyle protection insurance business than we had projected. Additionally, rising unemployment rates can impact a borrower’s ability to pay their mortgage, thereby increasing the likelihood that we could incur a loss in our international
mortgage insurance business. 

Our claims expenses would increase and our results of operations would suffer if the rate of defaults on mortgages covered
by our mortgage insurance increases or the severity of such defaults exceeds our expectations. 

As in the U.S., a deterioration in
economic conditions internationally may increase the likelihood that borrowers in a given country will not have sufficient income to pay their mortgages, and can also adversely affect home values, which increases our risk of loss. A decline in home
prices, whether or not in conjunction with deteriorating economic conditions, would also increase our risk of loss. A substantial economic downturn or decline in home price appreciation could have a significant adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. We also may be particularly affected by economic downturns or declines in recent significant home price appreciation in areas where a large portion of our business is concentrated. 

A significant portion of our international mortgage insurance risk in-force consists of loans with high loan-to-value ratios, which generally result in more and
larger claims than loans with lower loan-to-value ratios. 

Mortgage loans with higher loan-to-value ratios typically have claim
incidence rates substantially higher than mortgage loans with lower loan-to-value ratios. In Canada, Australia, and New Zealand, the risks of having a portfolio with a significant portion of high loan-to-value mortgages are greater than in the U.S.
and Europe because we generally agree to cover 100% of the losses associated with mortgage defaults in those markets, compared to percentages in the U.S. and Europe that are typically 12% to 35% of the loan amount. 

Although mortgage insurance premiums for higher loan-to-value ratio loans generally are higher than for loans with lower loan-to-value ratios, the
difference in premium rates may not be sufficient to compensate us for the enhanced risks associated with mortgage loans bearing higher loan-to-value ratios. 

Our international mortgage insurance business is subject to substantial competition from government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises, and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions.

Like our U.S. mortgage insurance business, our international mortgage insurance business competes with government-owned and
government-sponsored enterprises. In Canada, we compete with CMHC, a Crown corporation owned by the Canadian government. In Europe, these enterprises include public mortgage guarantee facilities in a number of countries. Like government-owned and
government-sponsored enterprises in the U.S., these competitors may establish pricing terms and business practices that may be influenced by motives such as advancing social housing policy or stabilizing the mortgage lending industry, which may not
be consistent with maximizing return on capital or other profitability measures. In the event that a government-owned or sponsored entity in one of our markets determines to reduce prices significantly or alter the terms and conditions of its
mortgage insurance or other credit enhancement products in furtherance of social or other goals rather than a profit motive, we may be unable to compete in that market effectively, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. See “—We compete with government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises in our U.S. mortgage insurance business, and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions.”

66 

Table of Contents

In Canada, CMHC is a sovereign entity that provides mortgage lenders with 100% capital relief from bank
regulatory requirements on loans that it insures. In contrast, lenders receive only 90% capital relief on loans we insure. CMHC also operates the Canadian Mortgage Bond Program, which provides lenders the ability to efficiently guaranty and
securitize their mortgage loan portfolios. If we are unable to effectively distinguish ourselves competitively with our Canadian mortgage lender customers, under current market conditions or in the future, we may be unable to compete effectively
with CMHC as a result of the more favorable capital relief it can provide or the other products and incentives that it offers to lenders. In addition, in light of current market conditions, the increased capital relief offered by CMHC could make it
difficult for us to compete with CMHC. 

Present conditions in the international financial markets could lead other countries to nationalize
our competitors or establish competing governmental agencies, which would further limit our competitive position in international markets and, therefore, materially affect our results of operations. 

Changes in regulations could affect our international operations significantly and could reduce the demand for mortgage insurance. 

In addition to the general regulatory risks that are described above under “—Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated, and changes in
regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth,” we are also affected by various additional regulations relating particularly to our international mortgage insurance operations. 

The Canadian Department of Finance has informed us that they intend to review the guarantee agreement we have with the Canadian government. Although the
Department of Finance originally targeted completion of the review by the end of 2008, we continue to be engaged in ongoing discussions with Department of Finance officials on this matter and no new target completion date has been announced.
Although we believe the Canadian government will preserve the guarantee in order to maintain competition in the Canadian mortgage industry, we cannot be sure what, if any, changes will be made to the terms of the guarantee. In the second quarter of
2008, the aggregate cap for all Canadian licensed mortgage insurers guaranteed polices was increased to CDN $250 billion, which facilitates our ongoing ability to offer mortgage insurance products under the guarantee. The failure of the Canadian
government to maintain the guarantee on terms similar to the current guarantee could have an adverse effect on our ability to offer mortgage insurance products in Canada and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
In July 2008, the Government of Canada announced adjustments to the rules for government guaranteed mortgages. We have incorporated these adjustments into our underwriting guidelines effective October 15, 2008. These new standards have resulted
in a modest reduction of mortgage originations in Canada. 

APRA regulates all financial institutions in Australia, including general, life
and mortgage insurance companies. APRA also determines the minimum regulatory capital requirements for depository institutions. APRA’s current regulations provide for reduced capital requirements for certain depository institutions that insure
residential mortgages with an “acceptable” mortgage insurer for all non-standard mortgages and for standard mortgages with loan-to-value ratios above 80%. APRA’s regulations currently set out a number of circumstances in which a loan
may be considered to be non-standard from a depository institution’s perspective. 

Under rules adopted by APRA effective
January 1, 2008, in connection with the revisions to a set of regulatory rules and procedures governing global bank capital standards that were introduced by the Basel Committee of the Bank for International Settlements, known as Basel II,
certain approved deposit-taking institutions (“ADIs”) in Australia are now required to hold less capital on high loan-to-value mortgage loans and will receive a capital incentive for using mortgage insurance, but at a reduced level, and
potentially limited to the higher risk portions of their loan portfolios, when compared to previous regulations in Australia. The rules also provide that ADIs would need to acquire mortgage insurance coverage levels lower than existing requirements
in order to obtain these reduced capital incentives. Accordingly, lenders in Australia may be able to reduce their use of mortgage insurance for high loan-to-value ratio mortgages, or limit their use to the higher risk portions of their portfolios,
which may have an adverse affect on our Australian business. 

67 

Table of Contents

We believe the Basel II framework may encourage the growth of international mortgage insurance by
facilitating its recognition as an approved credit risk mitigant and enabling banks to therefore reduce the capital they must allocate for loans covered by a mortgage insurance policy. Basel II has been designed to reward banks that have developed
effective risk management systems by allowing them to hold less capital than banks with less effective systems. Basel II was finalized and issued in June 2004; however, its adoption and implementation by individual countries internationally and in
the U.S. is ongoing.

Since the Basel II framework continues to evolve, we cannot predict the mortgage insurance benefits that ultimately
will be provided to lenders, or how any such benefits may affect the opportunities for the growth of mortgage insurance. If countries implement Basel II in a manner that does not reward lenders for using mortgage insurance as a credit risk mitigant
on high loan-to-value mortgage loans, or if lenders conclude that mortgage insurance does not provide sufficient capital incentives, then we may have to revise our product offerings to meet the new requirements and our results of operations may be
adversely affected. 

Risks Relating to Our U.S. Mortgage Insurance Segment 

Current activities related to our review of strategic alternatives for our U.S. mortgage insurance business may negatively impact our operating results. 

On September 30, 2008, we announced that we were exploring strategic alternatives regarding our U.S. mortgage insurance business, including a
possible spin-off to our stockholders, to determine the optimal course for our company, our customers and our stockholders. To date, we have not made any formal decisions regarding this business and we have not identified any immediate alternatives
that we find attractive or viable. Therefore, we continue to operate the business in a disciplined fashion with sound risk and capital management practices. 

In the future, if we chose to divest that business, we cannot be sure that we will be able to complete a spin-off, attract interested third parties for a possible sale transaction or execute any other transaction
involving this business. If a transaction were to occur, we also cannot ensure that its terms would be favorable to us or would have a material beneficial effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If the review of
strategic alternatives continues for a significant amount of time, there are risks that customers, employees and stockholders may react negatively to the uncertainty of the process or to any decision we reach not to pursue a transaction. That
negative reaction could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our claims expenses and loss
reserves have increased in recent periods and could continue to increase if the rate of defaults on mortgages covered by our mortgage insurance continue to increase, and in some cases we expect that paid claims and loss reserves will increase. 

During 2007 and 2008, we have experienced an increase in paid claims and increases in loss reserves as a result of a significant increase
in delinquencies and foreclosures in our more recent books of business, particularly those of 2005, 2006, 2007 and the first half of 2008. This was evident in all products across all regions of the country. This is particularly evident in our A
minus, Alt-A, ARMs and certain 100% loan-to-value products in Florida, California, Arizona and Nevada. In addition, throughout the U.S., we have experienced an increase in the average loan balance of mortgage loans, including on delinquent loans, as
well as a significant decline in home price appreciation, which has turned negative in the majority of U.S. markets. Certain regions around the country, particularly surrounding the Great Lakes area of the upper Midwest continue to experience an
economic slowdown and have seen a more pronounced weakness in their housing markets, as well as a decline in home prices. 

The foregoing
factors have contributed to an increase in our incurred losses and loss reserves. While over 90% of our primary risk in-force in the U.S. is considered prime, based on FICO credit scores of the underlying 

68 

Table of Contents

mortgage loans, continued low or negative home price appreciation, coupled with worsening economic conditions, is likely to cause further increases in our
incurred losses and related loss ratios. As of December 31, 2008 and 2007, approximately 68% and 70%, respectively, of our U.S. mortgage insurance risk in-force had not yet reached its anticipated highest claim frequency years, which are
generally between the third and seventh year of the loan. As a result, we expect our loss experience will increase as policies continue to age. If the claim frequency on the risk in-force significantly exceeds the claim frequency that was assumed in
setting premium rates, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. 

Our premium rates vary
with the perceived risk of a claim on the insured loan, which takes into account factors such as the loan-to-value ratio, our long-term historical loss experience, whether the mortgage provides for fixed payments or variable payments, the term of
the mortgage, the borrower’s credit history and the level of documentation and verification of the borrower’s income and assets. Our ability to properly determine eligibility and accurate pricing for the mortgage insurance we issue is
dependent upon our underwriting and other operational routines. These routines may vary across the jurisdictions in which we do business. Deficiencies in actual practice in this area could have an adverse impact on our results. We establish renewal
premium rates for the life of a mortgage insurance policy upon issuance, and we cannot cancel the policy or adjust the premiums after the policy is issued. As a result, we cannot offset the impact of unanticipated claims with premium increases on
policies in-force, and we cannot refuse to renew mortgage insurance coverage. The premiums we agree to charge upon writing a mortgage insurance policy may not adequately compensate us for the risks and costs associated with the coverage we provide
for the entire life of that policy. 

Certain types of mortgages have higher probabilities of claims. These include Alt-A loans, loans with
an initial Interest Only payment option and other non-traditional loans that we have insured in prior years, including A minus loans and 100% loan-to-value products. Alt-A loans are originated under programs in which there is a reduced level of
verification or disclosure of the borrower’s income or assets and a higher historical and expected default rate than standard documentation loans. Standard documentation loans include loans with reduced or different documentation requirements
that meet specifications of GSE approved underwriting systems with historical and expected delinquency rates consistent with our standard portfolio. The Interest Only payment option allows the borrower flexibility to pay interest only or pay
interest and as much principal as desired, during an initial period of time. A minus loans generally are loans where the borrowers have FICO credit scores between 575 and 660, and where the borrower has a blemished credit history. A material portion
of our Alt-A and Interest Only loans was written in 2005 through 2007. At the end of 2007, we began to adopt changes to our underwriting guidelines to substantially eliminate new insurance on these loans. However, the new guidelines only affect
business written after those guidelines became effective. Business written before the effectiveness of those guidelines was insured in accordance with the guidelines in effect at time of the commitment, even though that business would not meet the
new guidelines. Although historical information is limited, we believe that Alt-A and Interest Only loans written prior to the adoption of the new guidelines may pose a higher risk of claims due to features such as deferred amortization of the loan
on an Interest Only product. If defaults on Alt-A or Interest Only or other non-traditional loans are higher than the assumptions we made in pricing our mortgage insurance on those loans, then we would be required to make greater claims payments
than we had projected, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A deterioration in economic conditions
or a decline in home price appreciation may adversely affect our loss experience in mortgage insurance. 

Losses in our mortgage
insurance business generally result from events, such as reduction of income, unemployment, divorce, illness and inability to manage credit and interest-rate levels that reduce a borrower’s ability to continue to make mortgage payments. The
amount of the loss we suffer, if any, depends in part on whether the home of a borrower who defaults on a mortgage can be sold for an amount that will cover unpaid principal and interest and the expenses of the sale. A deterioration in economic
conditions generally increases the likelihood that borrowers will not have sufficient income to pay their mortgages and can also adversely affect housing values, which increases our risk of loss. A decline in home price appreciation, whether or not
in conjunction with deteriorating economic conditions, may also increase our risk of loss. 

69 

Table of Contents

Many regions throughout the U.S. have experienced an economic slowdown and have seen a more pronounced
weakness in their housing markets, as well as declines in home prices. This slowdown and the resulting impact on the housing markets are reflected in our increasing delinquencies. However, we believe that there may be a lag in the rate at which
delinquent loans are going to foreclosure due to various local and lender foreclosure moratoria as well as servicer and court-related backlog issues. As these loans eventually go to foreclosure, our delinquency counts will be reduced and our paid
claims will increase accordingly. In addition, foreclosure moratoria could cause our losses to increase as expenses accrue for longer periods or if the value of foreclosed homes further decline during such delays. We are also experiencing an
increase in delinquencies and associated reserves relating to adjustable rate loans including POAs and Alt-A products in our bulk business, particularly from the 2006 and 2007 books of business. 

The conservatorship of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae may limit the number of mortgages originated which, in turn could affect our results of operations. 

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are the largest purchasers and guarantors of mortgage loans in the United States. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were created by
Congressional charter to ensure that mortgage lenders have sufficient funds to continue to finance home purchases. In September 2008, the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the Federal Housing Finance Agency (“FHFA”) announced a plan
to place Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into conservatorship under the authority of the FHFA. As a result, the number of mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could decrease. This could result in fewer mortgages being originated and,
consequently, decrease the demand for private mortgage insurance, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, the appointment of a conservator may increase the likelihood that the charters of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will be changed by new federal legislation. Such changes may allow Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
to reduce or eliminate the level of private mortgage insurance coverage that they use as credit enhancement, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, including certain changes in business practices
that could increase risk associated with mortgages we insure. 

Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and a small number of large mortgage lenders exert significant
influence over the U.S. mortgage insurance market. 

Our mortgage insurance products protect mortgage lenders and investors from
default-related losses on residential first mortgage loans made primarily to home buyers with high loan-to-value mortgages—generally, those home buyers who make down payments of less than 20% of their home’s purchase price. Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac purchased approximately 60%, 44% and 28% for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively, of all the mortgage loans originated in the U.S., according to statistics published by Inside Mortgage Finance. We
believe the increase in the percentage of mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac has increased the market size for flow private mortgage insurance during 2008. Changes by the GSEs in underwriting requirements or pricing terms on mortgage
purchases could affect the market size for private mortgage insurance. Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters generally prohibit them from purchasing any mortgage with a face amount that exceeds 80% of the home’s value, unless that
mortgage is insured by a qualified insurer or the mortgage seller retains at least a 10% participation in the loan or agrees to repurchase the loan in the event of default. As a result, high loan-to-value mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae or Freddie
Mac generally are insured with private mortgage insurance. These provisions in Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters create much of the demand for private mortgage insurance in the U.S. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are also subject to
regulatory oversight by the HUD and the FHFA. As of December 31, 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchased the majority of the flow mortgage loans that we insured. As a result, a change in the charter provisions or other statutes or
regulations relating to their purchase or guarantee activity could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Increasing consolidation among mortgage lenders, including the impact of recently announced transactions, will continue to result in significant customer concentration for U.S. mortgage insurers. As a result of this 

70 

Table of Contents

significant concentration, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the largest mortgage lenders possess substantial market power, which enables them to influence our
business and the mortgage insurance industry in general. Although we actively monitor and develop our relationships with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and our largest mortgage lending customers, a deterioration in any of these relationships, or the loss
of business from any of our key customers, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition,
if the FHLBs reduce their purchases of mortgage loans, purchase uninsured mortgage loans or use other credit-enhancement products, this could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

A decrease in the volume of high loan-to-value home mortgage originations or an increase in the volume of mortgage insurance cancellations could result in a decline
in our revenue. 

We provide mortgage insurance primarily for high loan-to-value mortgages. Factors that could lead to a decrease in the
volume of high loan-to-value mortgage originations include: 

•

 a change in the level of home mortgage interest rates; 

•

 a decline in economic conditions generally, or in conditions in regional and local economies; 

•

 the level of consumer confidence, which may be adversely affected by economic instability, war or terrorist events; 

•

 declines in the price of homes; 

•

 adverse population trends, including lower homeownership rates; 

•

 high rates of home price appreciation, which in times of heavy refinancing affect whether refinanced loans have loan-to-value ratios that require mortgage
insurance; and 

•

 changes in government housing policy encouraging loans to first-time home buyers. 

Many of these factors have emerged in the current economic downturn. A decline in the volume of high loan-to-value mortgage originations would reduce the
demand for mortgage insurance and, therefore, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, a significant percentage of the premiums we earn each year in our U.S. mortgage insurance business are renewal premiums from insurance policies written in previous years. We estimate that approximately 85% and 76% of our U.S. gross
premiums earned in each of the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively, were renewal premiums. As a result, the length of time insurance remains in-force is an important determinant of our mortgage insurance revenues. Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac and many other mortgage investors in the U.S. generally permit a homeowner to ask his loan servicer to cancel his mortgage insurance when the principal amount of the mortgage falls below 80% of the home’s value. Factors that tend to
reduce the length of time our mortgage insurance remains in-force include: 

•

 declining interest rates, which may result in the refinancing of the mortgages underlying our insurance policies with new mortgage loans that may not require
mortgage insurance or that we do not insure; 

•

 significant appreciation in the value of homes, which causes the size of the mortgage to decrease below 80% of the value of the home and enables the borrower to
request cancellation of the mortgage insurance; and 

•

 changes in mortgage insurance cancellation requirements under applicable federal law or mortgage insurance cancellation practices by mortgage lenders and investors.

Our U.S. policy persistency rates increased from 46% for the year ended December 31, 2003 to 73%, 79% and 85% for
the years ended December 31, 2006, 2007 and 2008, respectively. A decrease in persistency in the 

71 

Table of Contents

U.S. generally would reduce the amount of our insurance in-force and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. However,
higher persistency on certain products, especially A minus, Alt-A, ARMs and certain 100% loan-to-value loans, could have an adverse effect if claims generated by such products continue to increase. 

The amount of mortgage insurance we write could decline significantly if alternatives to private mortgage insurance are used or lower coverage levels of mortgage
insurance are selected. 

There are a variety of alternatives to private mortgage insurance that may reduce the amount of mortgage
insurance we write. These alternatives include: 

•

 originating mortgages that consist of two simultaneous loans, known as “simultaneous seconds,” comprising a first mortgage with a loan-to-value ratio of
80% and a simultaneous second mortgage for the excess portion of the loan, instead of a single mortgage with a loan-to-value ratio of more than 80%; 

•

 using government mortgage insurance programs, including those of the FHA and the VA; 

•

 holding mortgages in the lenders’ own loan portfolios and self insuring; 

•

 using programs, such as those offered by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, requiring lower mortgage insurance coverage levels; 

•

 originating and securitizing loans in mortgage-backed securities whose underlying mortgages are not insured with private mortgage insurance or which are structured
so that the risk of default lies with the investor, rather than a private mortgage insurer; and 

•

 using credit default swaps or similar instruments, instead of private mortgage insurance, to transfer credit risk on mortgages. 

A decline in the use of private mortgage insurance in connection with high loan-to-value home mortgages for any reason would reduce the demand for flow
mortgage insurance. 

We cede a portion of our U.S. mortgage insurance business to mortgage reinsurance companies affiliated with our mortgage lending
customers, and this could reduce our profitability. 

We, like other mortgage insurers, offer opportunities to our mortgage lending
customers that are designed to allow them to participate in the risks and rewards of the mortgage insurance business. Many of the major mortgage lenders with which we do business have established captive mortgage reinsurance subsidiaries. These
reinsurance subsidiaries assume a portion of the risks associated with the lender’s insured mortgage loans in exchange for a percentage of the premiums. In most cases, our reinsurance coverage is an “excess of loss” arrangement with a
limited band of exposure for the reinsurer. This means that we are required to pay the first layer of losses arising from defaults in the covered mortgages, the reinsurer indemnifies us for the next layer of losses, and we pay any losses in excess
of the reinsurer’s obligations. The effect of these arrangements historically has been a reduction in the profitability and return on capital of this business to us. We have advised each captive reinsurer with whom we do business under an
excess of loss arrangement that effective January 1, 2009 we will reinsure only on a quota share basis. For the year ended December 31, 2008, approximately 33% of our U.S. primary new risk written was subject to captive mortgage
reinsurance as compared to approximately 56% for the year ended December 31, 2007. U.S. mortgage insurance premiums ceded to these reinsurers were $188 million, $164 million and $136 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and
2006, respectively. U.S. mortgage insurance loss reserves ceded to these reinsurers were $505 million, $3 million and $2 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007 and 2006, respectively. These arrangements can either favorably or
unfavorably affect our profitability within a given calendar year depending upon whether or not the reinsurer’s layer of coverage is attaching and whether or not there are sufficient assets in the captive trust available for payment of claims,
thereby covering some portion of losses. 

72 

Table of Contents

Given the recent business changes to captive reinsurance arrangements, at the end of 2008, the majority
of our excess of loss captive reinsurance arrangements were in runoff with no new books of business expected to be added going forward. Additionally, throughout 2008, many lender captive reinsurers have chosen to place their captives into runoff as
well. Nonetheless, we will continue to benefit from captive reinsurance on our 2005 through 2007 books of business. 

We compete with government-owned
and government-sponsored enterprises in our U.S. mortgage insurance business, and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions. 

Our U.S. mortgage insurance business competes with government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises, including the FHA and, to a lesser degree, the
VA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as well as local and state housing finance agencies. Recently, there has been a significant increase in the number of loans insured by the FHA. 

Those competitors may establish pricing terms and business practices that may be influenced by motives such as advancing social housing policy or
stabilizing the mortgage lending industry, which may not be consistent with maximizing return on capital or other profitability measures. In addition, those governmental enterprises typically do not have the same capital requirements that we and
other mortgage insurance companies have and therefore may have financial flexibility in their pricing and capacity that could put us at a competitive disadvantage in some respects. In the event that a government-owned or sponsored entity in one of
our markets determines to reduce prices significantly or alter the terms and conditions of its mortgage insurance or other credit enhancement products in furtherance of social or other goals rather than a profit or risk management motive, we may be
unable to compete in that market effectively, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in
regulations that affect the U.S. mortgage insurance business could affect our operations significantly and could reduce the demand for mortgage insurance. 

In addition to the general regulatory risks that are described above under “—Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated, and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth,”
we are also affected by various additional regulations relating particularly to our mortgage insurance operations. 

U.S. federal and state
regulations affect the scope of our competitors’ operations, which has an effect on the size of the mortgage insurance market and the intensity of the competition in our mortgage insurance business. This competition includes not only other
private mortgage insurers, but also U.S. federal and state governmental and quasi-governmental agencies, principally the FHA, and to a lesser degree, the VA, which are governed by federal regulations. Increases in the maximum loan amount that the
FHA can insure, and reductions in the mortgage insurance premiums the FHA charges, can reduce the demand for private mortgage insurance. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 temporarily raised the FHA loan limits, in some cases up to
the GSE limits, including the limits for loans in high-cost areas of the country. In addition, the HUD secretary was granted discretionary authority to raise such limits an additional $100,000. The FHA has also streamlined its down-payment formula
and made FHA insurance more competitive with private mortgage insurance in areas with higher home prices. These and other legislative and regulatory changes could cause demand for private mortgage insurance to decrease. 

We believe the revisions to Basel II may also encourage growth of U.S. mortgage insurance. Basel II adoption in the U.S. is ongoing. Therefore, we cannot
predict the benefits that ultimately will be provided to lenders, or how any such benefits may affect the opportunities for the growth of mortgage insurance. If the U.S. implements Basel II in a manner that does not reward lenders for using mortgage
insurance as a credit risk mitigant on high loan-to-value mortgage loans, or if lenders conclude that mortgage insurance does not provide sufficient capital incentives, then we may have to revise our product offerings to meet the new requirements
and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

73 

Table of Contents

Our U.S. mortgage insurance business, as a credit enhancement provider in the residential mortgage
lending industry, also is subject to compliance with various federal and state consumer protection and insurance laws, including RESPA, the ECOA, the FHA, the Homeowners Protection Act, the Federal Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection
Practices Act and others. Among other things, these laws prohibit payments for referrals of settlement service business, providing services to lenders for no or reduced fees or payments for services not actually performed, require fairness and
non-discrimination in granting or facilitating the granting of credit, require cancellation of insurance and refund of unearned premiums under certain circumstances, govern the circumstances under which companies may obtain and use consumer credit
information, and define the manner in which companies may pursue collection activities. Changes in these laws or regulations could adversely affect the operations and profitability of our mortgage insurance business. For example, HUD was considering
a rule that would exempt certain mortgages that provide a single price for a package of settlement services from the prohibition in RESPA against payments for referrals of settlement service business. If mortgage insurance were included among the
settlement services that, when offered as a package, would be exempt from this prohibition, then mortgage lenders would have greater leverage in obtaining business concessions from mortgage insurers. 

In May 2002, the OTS amended its capital regulations to remove the 80% loan-to-value standard from the definition of “qualifying mortgage
loan,” instead incorporating the federal Interagency Guidelines for Real Estate lending, which do not contain an explicit loan-to-value standard but provide that an institution should require credit enhancement for a loan with a loan-to-value
equal to or exceeding 90%. The capital regulations assign a lower risk weight to qualifying mortgage loans than to non-qualifying loans. As a result, these amended regulations no longer penalize OTS-regulated institutions for retaining loans that
have loan-to-value ratios between 80% and 90% without credit enhancements. Other regulators, including the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, also do not explicitly refer to a loan-to-value standard but do refer to the Interagency
Guidelines. 

Our U.S. mortgage insurance business could be adversely affected by legal actions under RESPA. 

From time to time, lawsuits, including some that were class actions, have challenged the actions of private mortgage insurers, including our company and
lenders, under RESPA. We cannot predict whether plaintiffs will institute new litigation seeking damages or relief under RESPA. In addition, U.S. federal and state officials are authorized to enforce RESPA and to seek civil and criminal penalties,
and we cannot predict whether these proceedings might be brought against us or other mortgage insurers. Any such proceedings could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Potential liabilities in connection with our U.S. contract underwriting services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

We offer contract underwriting services to many of our mortgage lenders in the U.S., pursuant to which our employees and contractors
work directly with the lender to determine whether the data relating to a borrower and a proposed loan contained in a mortgage loan application file complies with the lender’s loan underwriting guidelines or the investor’s loan purchase
requirements. In connection with that service, we also compile the application data and submit it to the automated underwriting systems of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which independently analyze the data to determine if the proposed loan complies
with their investor requirements. 

Under the terms of our contract underwriting agreements, we agree to indemnify the lender against losses
incurred in the event that we make material errors in determining whether loans processed by our contract underwriters meet specified underwriting or purchase criteria, subject to contractual limitations on liability. As a result, we assume credit
and interest rate risk in connection with our contract underwriting services. Worsening economic conditions, a deterioration in the quality of our underwriting services or other factors could cause our contract underwriting liabilities to increase
and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we have established reserves to provide for potential claims in connection with our contract underwriting services, we have limited historical experience that
we can use to establish reserves for these potential liabilities, and these reserves may not be adequate to cover liabilities that may arise. 

74 

Table of Contents

Other Risks 

We
have agreed to make payments to GE based on the projected amounts of certain tax savings we expect to realize as a result of the IPO. We will remain obligated to make these payments even if we do not realize the related tax savings and the payments
could be accelerated in the event of certain changes in control. 

Under the Tax Matters Agreement, we have an obligation to pay GE a
fixed amount over approximately the next 15 years. This fixed obligation, the estimated present values of which were $358 million and $360 million as of December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively, equals 80% (subject to a cumulative $640 million
maximum amount) of the tax savings projected as a result of the IPO. Even if we fail to generate sufficient taxable income to realize the projected tax savings, we will remain obligated to pay GE, and this could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. We could also, subject to regulatory approval, be required to pay GE on an accelerated basis in the event of certain changes in control of our company. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and our Tax Matters Agreement with GE may discourage takeover attempts and business combinations that
stockholders might consider in their best interests. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that may have
anti-takeover effects and may delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that our stockholders might consider in their best interests. For example, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 

•

 permit our Board of Directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders and take action by written consent; and 

•

 impose advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at stockholder meetings. 

Under our Tax Matters Agreement with GE, if any person or group of persons other than GE or its affiliates gains the power to direct the management and
policies of our company, we could become obligated immediately to pay to GE the total present value of all remaining tax benefit payments due to GE over the full term of the agreement. The estimated present value of our fixed obligation as of
December 31, 2008 and 2007 was $358 million and $360 million, respectively. Similarly, if any person or group of persons other than us or our affiliates gains effective control of one of our subsidiaries, we could become obligated to pay to GE
the total present value of all such payments due to GE allocable to that subsidiary, unless the subsidiary assumes the obligation to pay these future amounts under the Tax Matters Agreement and certain conditions are met. The acceleration of
payments would be subject to the approval of certain state insurance regulators, and we are obligated to use our reasonable best efforts to seek these approvals. This feature of the agreement could adversely affect a potential merger or sale of our
company. It could also limit our flexibility to dispose of one or more of our subsidiaries, with adverse implications for any business strategy dependent on such dispositions. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

The Board of Directors has decided to suspend dividends on our common stock
until further notice. 

We paid quarterly dividends on our common stock since our IPO in May 2004 until November 2008 when the Board of
Directors decided to suspend the payment of dividends on our common stock to enhance our liquidity and capital position in the current challenging environment. We cannot assure you when, whether or at what level we will resume paying dividends on
our common stock. 

75 

Table of Contents

Our stock price will fluctuate. 

Stock markets in general, and our common stock in particular, have experienced significant price and volume volatility over the past year. The market price and volume of our common stock may continue to be subject to
significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions but also to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our industry generally, as well as our operations, business prospects, liquidity and capital positions. In addition to
the risk factors discussed above, the price and volume volatility of our common stock may be affected by: 

•

 operating results for future periods that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

•

 operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us; 

•

 announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; and 

•

 changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions, such as interest or foreign exchange rates, availability of credit, equity
prices and the value of financial assets. 

Stock price volatility and a decrease in our stock price could make it more
difficult for us to raise equity capital or, if we are able to raise equity capital, could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders.