You
should carefully consider the following risks. These risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ
materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. These risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under
“Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements” and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013. 

Risks Relating to Our Businesses 

Downturns and volatility in global economies and equity and credit markets could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Our results of operations are materially affected by the state of the global economies in which we operate and conditions
in the capital markets we access. Factors such as high unemployment, low consumer spending, low business investment, high government spending, the volatility and strength of the global capital markets, and inflation all affect the business and
economic environment and, ultimately, the amount and profitability of our business. The recessionary state and the volatility of many economies have fueled uncertainty and downturns in global mortgage markets and have contributed to increased
volatility in our business and results of operations. This uncertainty and volatility has impacted, and may impact in the future, the demand for certain financial and insurance products. As a result, we may experience an elevated incidence of claims
and lapses or surrenders of policies, and some of our policyholders may choose to defer paying insurance premiums or stop paying insurance premiums altogether. 

Rising unemployment or underemployment rates can negatively impact a borrower’s ability to pay his or her mortgage, thereby increasing the likelihood that we could incur additional losses in our
mortgage insurance businesses. We set loss reserves for our mortgage insurance businesses based in part on expected claims and delinquency cure rate patterns. These expectations reflect our assumptions regarding unemployment and underemployment
levels. If such levels are higher than those within our loss reserving assumptions, the claims frequency for our mortgage insurance businesses could be higher than we had projected. We also set prices for our lifestyle protection insurance products,
including our employment-related products, based upon expected claims and payment patterns. These expectations also reflect our assumptions regarding unemployment levels. If unemployment levels are higher than our pricing assumptions, the claims
frequency could be higher for our lifestyle protection insurance business than we had projected. The long-term profitability of many of these products depends upon how our actual experience compares with our pricing assumptions, with the exception
of many of our monthly premium accounts, where we have the ability to re-price our in-force policies in the event of higher than anticipated unemployment-related losses. 

If domestic and international equity and credit markets experience heightened volatility and turmoil, issuers that have exposure to the mortgage and credit markets would be particularly affected. These
events would have an adverse effect on us, in part because we have exposure to such issuers in our investment portfolio and also because such events can influence customer behavior. In addition, given continuing economic challenges, issuers of the
fixed-income securities and commercial mortgage loans that we own may default on principal and interest payments, which could cause significant declines in the value of our investment portfolio. Securities that are less liquid could also become more
difficult to value and could be hard to dispose of in this economic environment. 

The economic downturn has had an adverse
effect on our ability to efficiently access capital markets for capital management purposes, including our ability to issue fixed and floating rate non-recourse funding obligations for purposes of supporting our term and universal life insurance
products. If credit markets remain tight, this could have a continuing adverse impact on our profitability, liquidity and access to funding opportunities. 

55 

Table of Contents

Downturns and volatility in equity markets may also cause some existing customers to
withdraw cash values or reduce investments in our separate account products, which include variable annuities. In addition, if the performance of the underlying mutual funds in our separate account products experience downturns and volatility for an
extended period of time, the payment of any living benefit guarantee available in certain variable annuity products may have an adverse effect on us, because more payments will be required to come from general account assets than from contractholder
separate account investments. Continued equity market volatility could result in additional losses in our variable annuity products and associated hedging program, which will further challenge our ability to recover deferred acquisition costs
(“DAC”) on these products and could lead to additional write-offs of DAC, as well as increased hedging costs. 

Downturns in equity markets could also lead to an increase in liabilities associated with secondary guarantee features, such as
guaranteed minimum benefits on separate account products and fixed indexed annuities, where we have equity market risk exposure. 

A
downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could result in a loss of business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Financial strength ratings, which various rating agencies publish as measures of an insurance company’s ability to meet
contractholder and policyholder obligations, are important to maintaining public confidence in our products, the ability to market our products and our competitive position. Credit ratings, which rating agencies publish as measures of an
entity’s ability to repay its indebtedness, are important to our ability to raise capital through the issuance of debt and other forms of credit and to the cost of such financing. 

Over the last several years, the ratings of our holding company and several of our insurance companies have been downgraded and/or put on
review for potential downgrade on various occasions. A ratings downgrade or review could occur (and have occurred) for a variety of reasons, including reasons specifically related to our company, generally related to our industry or the broader
financial services industry or as a result of changes by the rating agencies in their methodologies or rating criteria. A negative outlook on our ratings or a downgrade in any of our financial strength or credit ratings, the announcement of a
potential downgrade or review, or customer concerns about the possibility of a downgrade or review, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These direct or indirect effects could include,
but are not limited to: 

•

 reducing new sales of insurance products, annuities and other investment products; 

•

 requiring us to modify some of our existing products or services to remain competitive, or introduce new products or services;

•

 adversely affecting our relationships with key distributors, independent sales intermediaries and our dedicated sales specialists, including the loss
of exclusivity under certain agreements with our independent sales intermediaries; 

•

 materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contractholders and policyholders; 

•

 requiring us to post additional collateral or terminate contracts under the terms of agreements with derivative counterparties, or to provide support
in the form of collateral, capital contributions or letters of credit under the terms of certain of our reinsurance, securitization and other agreements; 

•

 adversely affecting our ability to maintain reinsurance assumed or obtain new reinsurance or obtain it on reasonable pricing terms;

•

 adversely affecting our ability to raise capital; and 

•

 increasing our cost of borrowing. 

56 

Table of Contents

In addition, the GSEs require maintenance of a financial strength rating by at least two out
of three listed rating agencies (S&P, Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”) and Moody’s) of at least “AA-”/“Aa3” (as applicable) under the GSE MI Eligibility Standards; otherwise, these requirements state that additional
limitations or requirements may be imposed in the case of Fannie Mae or will be imposed in the case of Freddie Mac for eligibility to insure loans purchased by the GSEs. Currently, we do not meet the ratings requirements of the GSE MI Eligibility
Standards, and have remained in discussions with the GSEs. In February 2008, the GSEs temporarily suspended their ratings requirements for top tier mortgage insurers, subject to submission of an acceptable remediation plan. We have submitted
remediation plans to both GSEs and to date have not been advised that either intends to impose additional requirements upon us. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the GSEs purchased the majority of the flow loans we insured in the
United States. An inability to insure mortgage loans sold to the GSEs, or their transfer of our existing policies to an alternative mortgage insurer, would have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

Interest rate fluctuations and levels could adversely affect our business and profitability. 

Our insurance and investment products are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations and expose us to the risk that falling interest rates or
credit spreads will reduce our margin or the difference between the returns we earn on the investments that support our obligations under these products and the amounts that we must pay to policyholders and contractholders. We may reduce the
interest rates we credit on most of these products only at limited, pre-established intervals, and some contracts have guaranteed minimum interest crediting rates. As a result, historically low interest rates over the last few years have adversely
impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our business and profitability. 

During periods of increasing market interest
rates, we may offer higher crediting rates on interest-sensitive products, such as universal life insurance and fixed annuities, and we may increase crediting rates on in-force products to keep these products competitive. In addition, rapidly rising
interest rates may cause increased policy surrenders, withdrawals from life insurance policies and annuity contracts and requests for policy loans, as policyholders and contractholders shift assets into higher yielding investments. Therefore,
increases in crediting rates, as well as surrenders and withdrawals, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, including the requirement to liquidate fixed-income investments in an unrealized loss position to
satisfy surrenders or withdrawals. 

Our life insurance, long-term care insurance and fixed annuity products, as well as our
guaranteed benefits on variable annuities, also expose us to the risk of interest rate fluctuations. The pricing and expected future profitability of these products are based in part on expected investment returns. Over time, life and long-term care
insurance products generally produce positive cash flows as customers pay periodic premiums, which we invest as they are received. Low interest rates increase reinvestment risk and reduce our ability to achieve our targeted investment margins and
have, and may further, adversely affect the profitability of our life insurance, long-term care insurance and fixed annuity products, as well as increase hedging costs on our in-force block of variable annuity products. A low interest rate
environment negatively impacts the sufficiency of our margins on both our DAC and present value of future profits (“PVFP”). If interest rates remain low for a prolonged period, this could result in an impairment of these assets, and may
reduce funds available to pay claims, including life and long-term care insurance claims, requiring an increase in our reserve liabilities, which could be significant. In addition, certain statutory capital requirements are based on models that
consider interest rates. Prolonged periods of low interest rates may increase the statutory reserves we are required to hold as well as the amount of assets and capital we must maintain to support statutory reserves. 

In both the U.S. and international mortgage markets, rising interest rates generally reduce the volume of new mortgage originations. A
decline in the volume of new mortgage originations would have an adverse effect on our new insurance written. Rising interest rates also can increase the monthly mortgage payments for insured homeowners with adjustable rate mortgages
(“ARMs”) that could have the effect of increasing default rates on ARM loans, thereby increasing our exposure on our mortgage insurance policies. This is particularly relevant in our international mortgage insurance business where ARMs are
the predominant mortgage product. 

57 

Table of Contents

Declining interest rates historically have increased the rate at which borrowers refinance
their existing mortgages, thereby resulting in cancellations of the mortgage insurance covering the refinanced loans. Declining interest rates historically have also contributed to home price appreciation, which may provide borrowers in the United
States with the option of cancelling their mortgage insurance coverage earlier than we anticipated when pricing that coverage. These cancellations could have an adverse effect on our results of our U.S. mortgage insurance business. Home prices
underwent a period of pricing decline beginning in 2007 and continuing until recently, rendering certain borrowers of existing higher rate ARMs ineligible for refinancing. This led to higher delinquencies and foreclosures as borrowers were not able
to refinance and avoid the reset higher monthly payments due under the terms of the underlying ARMs. These developments have had an adverse impact on our U.S. mortgage insurance business. 

Interest rate fluctuations could also have an adverse effect on the results of our investment portfolio. During periods of declining
market interest rates like over the past few years, the interest we receive on variable interest rate investments decreases. In addition, during those periods, we have had to, and in the future may have to, reinvest the cash we receive as interest
or return of principal on our investments in lower-yielding high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns. Issuers of fixed-income securities have also, and in the future may also decide to prepay their
obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates, which exacerbates the risk that we have to invest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit instruments. During periods of increasing interest rates, market values
of lower-yielding assets will decline. In addition, our interest rate hedges could decline which would require us to post additional collateral with our derivative counterparties. 

See “Part II—Item 7A—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” for additional information
about interest rate risk. 

Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our access to capital and may affect our
ability to meet liquidity or refinancing requirements in the future. 

In the event market or other conditions have an
adverse impact on our capital and liquidity needs, we could have to seek additional funding. We may also need to seek additional funding to refinance existing indebtedness or to build buffers and manage overall capital and risk profiles at the
holding company. Funding sources could potentially include the generation of proceeds from the sale of assets (including assets in our investment portfolio, blocks of business or all or a portion of a business) or the incurrence of debt securities
at the Genworth Financial or Genworth Holdings levels convertible or exchangeable into equity, with any decision to issue debt convertible or exchangeable into equity considering the degree to which such issuance would dilute current
stockholders’ value. All such funding sources could have adverse impacts on our financial condition, including book value, and results of operations. 

The availability of additional funding will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, regulatory considerations, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to
the financial services industry, the level of activity and availability of reinsurers or acquirers of assets, our credit ratings and credit capacity and the performance of and outlook for our business. Market conditions may make it difficult to
obtain funding or complete asset sales to generate additional liquidity, especially on short notice. Our access to funding may be further impaired if our credit or financial strength ratings are negatively impacted. 

On September 26, 2013, we entered into a new credit agreement that provides a $300 million multicurrency revolving credit facility,
with a $100 million sublimit for letters of credit, available on a revolving basis until September 26, 2016. Currently there is no amount outstanding under the credit facility. Our ability to borrow is subject to compliance with various
financial and other covenants and conditions. We cannot be sure we will be compliant with these covenants or satisfy other conditions in the event we seek to borrow in the future. 

58 

Table of Contents

Our valuation of fixed maturity, equity and trading securities include methodologies, estimations and
assumptions that are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

Fixed maturity, equity and trading securities are reported at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. They represent the majority
of our total cash, cash equivalents and invested assets. Our portfolio of fixed maturity securities consists primarily of investment grade securities. Valuations include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation,
as well as valuation methods that are more complex or require greater estimation, thereby resulting in values that are less certain and may vary significantly from the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. The methodologies,
estimates and assumptions we use in valuing our investment securities evolve over time and are subject to different interpretation (including based on developments in relevant accounting literature), all of which can lead to changes in the value of
our investment securities. Rapidly changing and unanticipated credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of investment securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements, and the period-to-period
 changes in value could vary significantly. Decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Defaults or other events impacting the value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio may reduce our income. 

We are subject to the risk that the issuers or guarantors of fixed maturity securities we own may default on principal or interest
payments they owe us. As of December 31, 2013, fixed maturity securities of $58.6 billion in our investment portfolio represented 81% of our total cash, cash equivalents and invested assets. Events reducing the value of our investment portfolio
other than on a temporary basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Levels of write-downs or impairments are impacted by our assessment of the financial condition of the issuer,
whether or not the issuer is expected to pay its principal and interest obligations or circumstances that would require us to sell securities which have declined in value. 

Our investment portfolio contains investments in securities in multiple nations, including companies domiciled in the European Union. Recently, the European Union member states have experienced increases
in their debt levels as a percentage of gross domestic product as well as increased inflation and unemployment during the global economic downturn. Financial troubles of certain nations can trigger financial implications in other nations. In
particular, a number of large European banks hold significant amounts of sovereign financial institution debt of other European nations and could experience difficulties as a result of defaults or declines in the value of such debt. If we determine
to reposition or realign portions of the portfolio where we determine to sell certain securities in an unrealized loss position, we will incur an other-than-temporary impairment charge. 

Defaults on our commercial mortgage loans or the mortgage loans underlying our investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities and volatility in performance may adversely affect our profitability.

Our commercial mortgage loans and investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities face default risk. Commercial
mortgage loans are stated on our consolidated balance sheets at unpaid principal balance, adjusted for any unamortized premium or discount, deferred fees or expenses, and are net of impairments and valuation allowances. We establish valuation
allowances for estimated impairments as of the balance sheet date based on information, such as the market value of the underlying real estate securing the loan, any third-party guarantees on the loan balance or any cross collateral agreements and
their impact on expected recovery rates. Commercial mortgage-backed securities are stated on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. 

Further, any concentration of geographic or sector exposure in our commercial mortgage loans or the mortgage loans underlying our investments in commercial mortgage-backed securities may have adverse
effects on our investment portfolio and consequently on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition. While we seek to mitigate this risk by having a broadly diversified portfolio, events or developments that have a

59 

Table of Contents

negative effect on any particular geographic region or sector may have a greater adverse effect on the investment portfolios to the extent that the portfolios are exposed. 

Reinsurance may not be available, affordable or adequate to protect us against losses. 

As part of our overall risk and capital management strategy, we have historically purchased reinsurance from external reinsurers as well
as provided internal reinsurance support for certain risks underwritten by our various business segments. These reinsurance arrangements enable our businesses to improve their statutory capital position. Some of these reinsurance arrangements are
indefinite, but others require periodic renewals. The availability and cost of reinsurance protection are impacted by our operating and financial performance as well as conditions beyond our control. For example, volatility in the equity markets and
the related impact on asset values required to fund liabilities may reduce the availability of certain types of reinsurance and make it more costly when it is available, as reinsurers are less willing to take on credit risk in a volatile market.
Accordingly, we may be forced to incur additional expenses for reinsurance or may not be able to obtain new reinsurance or renew existing reinsurance arrangements on acceptable terms, or at all, which could adversely affect our ability to write
future business or obtain statutory capital credit for new reinsurance or could require us to make capital contributions to maintain regulatory capital requirements. 

If counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements or to derivative instruments we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we sought to mitigate, which
could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We routinely execute reinsurance and derivative
transactions with reinsurers, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks and other institutional clients to mitigate our risks in various circumstances and to hedge various business risks. Many of these transactions expose us to credit
risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. Reinsurance does not relieve us of our direct liability to our policyholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to us. Accordingly, we bear credit risk with respect to our reinsurers. We
cannot give assurance that our reinsurers will pay the reinsurance recoverable owed to us now or in the future or that they will pay these recoverables on a timely basis. A reinsurer’s insolvency, inability or unwillingness to make payments
under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We also enter into a variety of derivative instruments, including options and interest rate and currency swaps
with a number of counterparties. If our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under the derivative instruments, our hedges of the related risk will be ineffective. This failure could have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

We ceded to UFLIC our in-force structured settlements block of business issued prior to
2004, certain variable annuity business issued prior to 2004 and the long-term care insurance assumed from MetLife Insurance Company of Connecticut. UFLIC has established trust accounts for our benefit to secure its obligations under the reinsurance
arrangements, and General Electric Capital Corporation, an indirect subsidiary of GE, has agreed to maintain UFLIC’s RBC above a specified minimum level. If UFLIC becomes insolvent notwithstanding this agreement, and the amounts in the trust
accounts are insufficient to pay UFLIC’s obligations to us, it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

An adverse change in our risk-based capital and other regulatory requirements could result in a decline in our ratings and/or increased scrutiny by regulators and have an adverse impact on our
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our domestic life insurance subsidiaries are subject to the
NAIC’s RBC standards and other minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements imposed under the laws of their respective states of domicile. The failure of our insurance subsidiaries to meet applicable RBC requirements or minimum statutory
capital and surplus requirements could subject our insurance subsidiaries to further examination or corrective action imposed by state insurance regulators, including limitations on their ability to write additional business, the addition of state
supervision, seizure or liquidation. 

60 

Table of Contents

Our domestic mortgage insurers are not subject to the NAIC’s RBC requirements but are
required by certain states and other regulators to maintain a certain risk-to-capital ratio. The failure of our domestic mortgage insurance subsidiaries to meet their regulatory requirements, including the proposed changes to the GSE MI Eligibility
Standards, could limit our ability to write new business. For further discussion of the importance of risk-to-capital requirements to our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries, see “—Our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries are subject to
minimum statutory capital requirements and hazardous financial condition standards which, if not met or waived to the extent needed, would result in restrictions or prohibitions on our doing business and may have an adverse impact on our results of
operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to satisfy these requirements.” 

Additionally, our
international insurance subsidiaries also have minimum regulatory requirements which vary by country. As described under “U.K. Insurance Regulation—Solvency requirements,” there will be fundamental changes to the existing
solvency capital regime for all insurers and reinsurers operating in Europe as a result of the introduction of the Solvency II directive, which will become effective on January 1, 2016. At this stage, it is not possible to predict the impact
these changes will have on our operations. 

An adverse change in our RBC, risk-to-capital ratio or other minimum
regulatory requirements also could cause rating agencies to downgrade the financial strength ratings of our insurance subsidiaries and the credit ratings of Genworth Holdings, which would have an adverse impact on our ability to write and
retain business. Certain actions by regulators or rating agencies with respect to these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

If our reserves for future policy claims are inadequate, we may be required to increase our reserve liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

We calculate and maintain reserves for estimated future payments of claims to our policyholders and contractholders in
accordance with U.S. GAAP and industry accounting practices. We release these reserves as those future obligations are extinguished. The reserves we establish reflect estimates and actuarial assumptions with regard to our future experience. These
estimates and actuarial assumptions involve the exercise of significant judgment. Our future financial results depend significantly upon the extent to which our actual future experience is consistent with the assumptions we have used in pricing our
products and determining our reserves. Many factors, and changes in these factors, can affect future experience, including, but not limited to: interest rates; market returns and volatility; economic and social conditions, such as inflation,
unemployment, home price appreciation or depreciation, and health care experience; policyholder persistency; insured life expectancy or longevity; insured morbidity; and doctrines of legal liability and damage awards in litigation. Therefore, we
cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts we will pay for actual claims or the timing of those payments. Moreover, we may not be able to mitigate the impact of unexpected adverse experience by increasing premiums add/or other charges to
policyholders. 

We regularly review our reserves and associated assumptions as part of our ongoing assessment of our business
performance and risks. If we conclude that our reserves are insufficient to cover actual or expected policy and contract benefits and claim payments (as we have on various occasions in the past) as a result of changes in experience, assumptions or
otherwise, we would be required to increase our reserves and incur charges for the period in which we make the determination. The amounts of such increases may be significant (as they have been on occasions in the past) and this would adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition and may put additional strain on our available liquidity. 

As holding companies,
we and Genworth Holdings depend on the ability of our respective subsidiaries to transfer funds to each of us to pay dividends and to meet our obligations. 

We and Genworth Holdings each act as a holding company for our respective subsidiaries and do not have any significant operations of our own. Dividends from our respective subsidiaries, permitted payments
to us under tax sharing and expense reimbursement arrangements with our subsidiaries and proceeds from borrowings 

61 

Table of Contents

are our principal sources of cash to meet our obligations. These obligations include operating expenses and interest and principal on current and any future borrowings and amounts owed to GE
under the Tax Matters Agreement. If the cash we receive from our respective subsidiaries pursuant to dividends and tax sharing and expense reimbursement arrangements is insufficient to fund any of these obligations, or if a subsidiary is unable to
pay dividends to either of us, we or Genworth Holdings may be required to raise cash through the incurrence of debt (including convertible or exchangeable debt), the sale of assets or the issuance of additional equity. 

The payment of dividends and other distributions by each of our insurance subsidiaries is regulated by insurance laws and regulations. In
general, dividends in excess of prescribed limits are deemed “extraordinary” and require insurance regulatory approval. In addition, insurance regulators may prohibit the payment of ordinary dividends or other payments by the insurance
subsidiaries (such as a payment under a tax sharing agreement or for employee or other services) if they determine that such payment could be adverse to policyholders or contractholders. 

Additionally, as a public company that is traded on the TSX, Genworth Canada is subject to securities laws and regulations in each
province in Canada, as well as the rules of the TSX. These applicable laws, regulations and rules include but are not limited to, obligations and procedures in respect of the equal and fair treatment of all shareholders of Genworth Canada. Although
the board of directors of Genworth Canada is composed of a majority of Genworth nominees, under Canadian law each director has an obligation to act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of Genworth Canada. Accordingly, actions
taken by Genworth Canada and its board of directors (including the payment of dividends to us) are subject to, and may be limited by, the laws, regulations and rules applicable to such entities. Similarly, Australian regulations and rules will apply
if we complete the planned Australian IPO. 

Competitors could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share and
profitability. 

Our businesses are subject to intense competition. We believe the principal competitive factors in the sale
of our products are product features, product investment returns, price, commission structure, marketing and distribution arrangements, brand, reputation, financial strength ratings and service. In many of our product lines, we face competition from
competitors that have greater market share or breadth of distribution, offer a broader range of products, services or features, assume a greater level of risk, have lower profitability expectations or have higher financial strength ratings than we
do. Many competitors offer similar products and use similar distribution channels. The appointment of a receiver to rehabilitate or liquidate or take other adverse regulatory actions against a significant competitor could also negatively impact our
businesses if such actions were to impact consumer confidence in industry products and services. 

Our focus on key distribution
relationships may expose us to reduced sales in the future. 

We distribute our products through a wide variety of
distribution methods, including through relationships with key distribution partners. These distribution partners are an integral part of our business model. We are at risk that key distribution partners may merge, change their distribution model
affecting how our products are sold, or terminate their distribution contracts with us. In addition, timing of key distributor adoption of our new product offerings may impact sales of those products. Distributors may elect to reduce or terminate
their distribution relationships with us if there are adverse developments in our business, adverse rating agency actions, concerns about market-related risks, commission levels or the breadth of our product offerings. Any termination or material
change in relationship with a key distribution partner could have a material adverse effect on our future sales for one or more product lines. 

Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 

Our insurance operations are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations. State insurance laws regulate most aspects of our U.S.
insurance businesses, and our insurance subsidiaries are regulated by the insurance departments of the states in which they are domiciled and licensed. Our international operations are principally

62 

Table of Contents

regulated by insurance regulatory authorities in the jurisdictions in which they are domiciled. Failure to comply with applicable regulations or to obtain or maintain appropriate authorizations
or exemptions under any applicable laws could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or engage in activities regulated in one or more jurisdictions in which we operate and could subject us to fines and other sanctions which could have
a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, the nature and extent of regulation of our activities in applicable jurisdictions could materially change causing a material adverse effect on our business. 

Insurance regulatory authorities in the United States and internationally have broad administrative powers including, but not limited to:

•

 licensing companies and agents to transact business; 

•

 calculating the value of assets and determining the eligibility of assets to determine compliance with statutory requirements;

•

 mandating certain insurance benefits; 

•

 regulating certain premium rates; 

•

 reviewing and approving policy forms; 

•

 regulating unfair trade and claims practices, including through the imposition of restrictions on marketing and sales practices, distribution
arrangements and payment of inducements; 

•

 establishing and revising statutory capital and reserve requirements and solvency standards; 

•

 fixing maximum interest rates on insurance policy loans and minimum rates for guaranteed crediting rates on life insurance policies and annuity
contracts; 

•

 approving future rate increases; 

•

 approving changes in control of insurance companies; 

•

 restricting the payment of dividends and other transactions between affiliates; and 

•

 regulating the types, amounts and valuation of investments. 

State insurance regulators and the NAIC regularly re-examine existing laws and regulations, specifically focusing on modifications to statutory accounting principles, interpretations of existing laws and
the development of new laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. Any proposed or future legislation or NAIC initiatives, if adopted, may be more restrictive on our ability to conduct business than current regulatory
requirements or may result in higher costs or increased statutory capital and reserve requirements. Further, because laws and regulations can be complex and sometimes inexact, there is also a risk that any particular regulator’s or enforcement
authority’s interpretation of a legal, accounting or reserving issue may change over time to our detriment, or expose us to different or additional regulatory risks. The application of these regulations and guidelines by insurers involves
interpretations and judgments that may differ from those of state insurance departments. We cannot provide assurance that such differences of opinion will not result in regulatory, tax or other challenges to the actions we have taken to date. The
result of those potential challenges could require us to increase levels of statutory capital and reserves or incur higher operating costs and/or have implications on certain tax positions. 

The methodology for establishing the statutory reserves on our life insurance business is subject to the requirements of Model Regulation
entitled “Valuation of Life Insurance Policies,” commonly known as “Regulation XXX,” and the Valuation of Life Insurance Policies Regulation (more commonly known as “Regulation AXXX”), as clarified by Actuarial
Guideline 38 (more commonly known as “AG 38”). The NAIC adopted revised statutory reserving requirements for new and in-force secondary guarantee universal life business subject to AG 38 provisions, effective December 31, 2012. These
requirements reflected an agreement reached and developed by a NAIC Joint Working Group which included regulators from several states, including New York. The financial impact related to the revised statutory reserving requirements on our in-force
reserves 

63 

Table of Contents

subject to the new guidance was not significant as of December 31, 2012. On September 11, 2013, the New York Department of Financial Services (the “NYDFS”) announced that it
no longer supported the agreement reached by the NAIC Joint Working Group and that it would require New York licensed companies to use an alternative interpretation of AG 38 for universal life insurance products with secondary guarantees. We
have been in discussions with the NYDFS about its alternative interpretation and recorded $80 million of additional statutory reserves as of December 31, 2013. We continue to work with the NYDFS to determine potential future impacts, if
any. The NYDFS has not finalized a permanent update to the regulation. Depending on the final regulation, our New York domiciled insurance subsidiary’s statutory reserves could increase significantly over time. 

Some states are also considering adopting long-term care insurance rate stability legislation that further limits increases in long-term
care insurance premium rates beyond the rate stability legislation previously adopted in certain states. If states pass rate stability legislation, we may be forced to leave the market in those states and this could limit our ability to mitigate
adverse claims experience on our in-force business and adversely impact profitability. In addition, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the regulatory body of the FHLBs, began exploring changes to federal regulations in December 2010, augmented by
an additional proposed advisory bulletin in 2012 on FHLB lending to insurers. These changes, if enacted, could impact our ability to effectively utilize FHLB products and services. FHLB membership provides a low-cost alternative funding source for
our businesses. Changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof in the United States, can be made for the benefit of the consumer, or for other reasons, at the expense of the insurer and thus could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. 

Regulators in the United States and internationally have developed criteria
under which they are subjecting non-bank financial companies, including insurance companies, that are deemed systemically important to higher regulatory capital requirements and stricter prudential standards. Although neither we nor any of our
subsidiaries have currently been designated systemically important, we cannot predict whether we or any of our subsidiaries will be deemed systemically important in the future or how such a designation would impact our business, results of
operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Legal and regulatory investigations and actions are common in the insurance business and
may result in financial losses and harm our reputation. 

We face the risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and
actions in the ordinary course of operating our businesses, including class action lawsuits. Our pending legal and regulatory actions include proceedings specific to us and others generally applicable to business practices in the industries in which
we operate. In our insurance operations, we are, have been, or may become subject to class actions and individual suits alleging, among other things, issues relating to sales or underwriting practices, increases to in-force long-term care insurance
premiums, payment of contingent or other sales commissions, claims payments and procedures, cancellation or rescission of coverage, product design, product disclosure, administration, additional premium charges for premiums paid on a periodic basis,
denial or delay of benefits, charging excessive or impermissible fees on products, recommending unsuitable products to customers, our pricing structures and business practices in our mortgage insurance businesses, such as captive reinsurance
arrangements with lenders and contract underwriting services, violations of RESPA or related state anti-inducement laws and breaching fiduciary or other duties to customers. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek very
large or indeterminate amounts, which may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In our investment-related operations, we are subject to litigation involving commercial disputes with counterparties. We are also subject to litigation arising
out of our general business activities such as our contractual and employment relationships. In addition, we are also subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, books and record examinations and market conduct
and financial examinations, from state, federal and international regulators and other authorities. A substantial legal liability or a significant regulatory action (including uncertainty about the outcome of pending legal and regulatory
investigations and actions) against us could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in the litigation, regulatory action or investigation, we could suffer significant
reputational harm and incur 

64 

Table of Contents

significant legal expenses, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. At this time, it is not feasible to predict, nor determine, the
ultimate outcomes of any pending investigations and legal proceedings, nor to provide reasonable ranges of possible losses. 

For further discussion of certain current investigations and proceedings in which we are involved, see “Item 3—Legal
Proceedings.” We cannot assure you that these investigations and proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. It is also possible that we could become subject to further
investigations and have lawsuits filed or enforcement actions initiated against us. In addition, increased regulatory scrutiny and any resulting investigations or proceedings could result in new legal precedents and industry-wide regulations or
practices that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our computer systems may fail or their
security may be compromised, which could damage our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our business is highly dependent upon the effective operation of our computer systems. We also have arrangements in place with our partners and other third-party service providers through which we share
and receive information. We rely on these systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing claims and applications, providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses and maintaining
financial records. Despite the implementation of security and back-up measures, our computer systems and those of our partners and third-party service providers may be vulnerable to physical or electronic intrusions, computer viruses or other
attacks, programming errors and similar disruptive problems. The failure of these systems for any reason could cause significant interruptions to our operations, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

We retain confidential information in our computer systems, and we rely on commercial technologies to
maintain the security of those systems. Anyone who is able to circumvent our security measures and penetrate our computer systems could access, view, misappropriate, alter or delete any information in the systems, including personally identifiable
customer information and proprietary business information. Our employees, distribution partners and other vendors may use portable computers or mobile devices which may contain similar information to that in our computer systems, and these devices
have been and can be lost, stolen or damaged, which can result in the issues including but not limited to those described in the previous sentence. In addition, an increasing number of states and foreign countries require that customers be notified
if a security breach results in the inappropriate disclosure of personally identifiable customer information. Although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches has had a material
effect on our business, operations or reputation. Any compromise of the security of our computer systems that results in inappropriate disclosure of personally identifiable customer information could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter
people from purchasing our products, subject us to significant civil and criminal liability and require us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. 

The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or a pandemic could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed to various risks arising out of natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and tornadoes, and man-made
disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions and pandemics. For example, a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could disrupt our computer systems and our ability to conduct or process business, as well as lead to unexpected
changes in persistency rates as policyholders and contractholders who are affected by the disaster may be unable to meet their contractual obligations, such as payment of premiums on our insurance policies, deposits into our investment products, and
mortgage payments on loans insured by our mortgage insurance policies. They could also significantly increase our mortality and morbidity experience above the assumptions we used in pricing our insurance and investment products. The continued threat
of terrorism and ongoing military actions may cause significant volatility in global financial markets, and a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could trigger an economic downturn in the areas

65 

Table of Contents

directly or indirectly affected by the disaster. These consequences could, among other things, result in a decline in business and increased claims from those areas, as well as an adverse effect
on home prices in those areas, which could result in increased loss experience in our mortgage insurance businesses. Disasters or a pandemic also could disrupt public and private infrastructure, including communications and financial services, which
could disrupt our normal business operations. 

A natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could also disrupt the operations
of our counterparties or result in increased prices for the products and services they provide to us. For example, a natural or man-made disaster or a pandemic could lead to increased reinsurance prices or reduced availability of reinsurance and
potentially cause us to retain more risk than we otherwise would retain if we were able to obtain reinsurance at lower prices. In addition, a disaster or a pandemic could adversely affect the value of the assets in our investment portfolio if it
affects companies’ ability to pay principal or interest on their securities or the value of the underlying collateral of structured securities or the value of the underlying collateral of structured securities. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act subjects us to additional federal regulation, and we cannot predict the effect of such
regulation on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank
Act was enacted and signed into law. The Dodd-Frank Act made extensive changes to the laws regulating financial services firms and requires various federal agencies to adopt a broad range of new implementing rules and regulations, many of which have
begun to take effect. Federal agencies have been given significant discretion in drafting the rules and regulations that will implement the Dodd-Frank Act. Although many of those regulations have now been adopted, many of the details and much of the
impact of the Dodd-Frank Act may not be known for some time. In addition, this legislation mandated multiple studies and reports for Congress, which could result in additional legislative or regulatory action. 

Among other provisions, the Dodd-Frank Act provides for a new framework of regulation of OTC derivatives markets that requires us to
clear certain types of transactions through clearing organizations. In mid-2013, we became subject to the clearing requirement that requires us to post highly liquid securities as initial margin and have cash available to meet daily variation margin
demands for most of our new interest rate derivative transactions. The need for initial and variation margin requires us to hold additional liquid, lower-yielding securities as well as cash in our investment portfolio. In addition, over time, we
will experience additional collateral requirements for derivative transactions that are not required to be cleared. Beginning in mid-February 2014, certain derivative transactions are required to be traded on swap execution facilities, regulated
platforms for swap trading. Our derivatives activity is subject to greater transparency due to heightened reporting requirements. As a result of all of these changes, we may have to alter the way we use derivatives in the future, which could have a
material adverse effect on our results. The Dodd-Frank Act also authorizes the SEC to adopt regulations that could impose heightened standards of care on sellers of our variable or other registered products, which could adversely affect our sales of
and reduce our margins on these products. 

In the case of our U.S. mortgage insurance business, the Dodd-Frank Act requires
lenders to retain some of the risk associated with mortgage loans that they sell or securitize, unless the mortgage loans are “qualified residential mortgages” or unless the securitization or security is partially or fully exempted by
regulations to be promulgated. The Dodd-Frank Act provides that the definition of “qualified residential mortgages” will be determined by regulators, with consideration to be given, among other things, to the presence of mortgage
insurance. The legislation also prohibits a creditor from making a residential mortgage loan unless the creditor makes a reasonable and good faith determination that, at the time the loan is consummated, the consumer has a reasonable ability to
repay the loan. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act created the CFPB, which regulates certain aspects of the offering and provision of consumer financial products or services but not the business of insurance. In January 2014, CFPB rules implementing
the ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage standards contained in the Dodd-Frank Act went into effect. The rules set requirements for how mortgage lenders can demonstrate that they have effectively considered the consumer’s ability to repay a
mortgage loan. In addition, the rules clarify when a mortgage may be classified as a “qualified mortgage” and when a lender is eligible for a safe harbor as a 

66 

Table of Contents

presumption that the lender has complied with the ability-to-repay requirements. We expect the rules to have a positive impact on the credit quality of mortgage loans which may benefit our
delinquency rates but the rule may have the negative impact of reducing the number of loans originated and therefore available for the mortgage insurance market. The CFPB may issue additional rules or regulations that affect our U.S. mortgage
insurance business and may assert jurisdiction over regulatory or enforcement matters in lieu of or in addition to the existing jurisdiction of other federal or state agencies. 

The applicability of many of these regulations to us will depend to a large extent on whether the FSOC determines that we are
systemically significant, in which case we would become subject to supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. In April 2012, FSOC adopted final rules for evaluating whether a non-bank financial company should be designated as systemically
significant. To date, the FSOC has not identified us as systemically significant. Since we are not affiliated with an insured depository institution, such supervision would probably have its greatest effect on requirements relating to capital,
liquidity, stress testing, limits on counterparty credit exposure, compliance and governance, early remediation in the event of financial weakness and other prudential matters. Systemically significant companies are also required to prepare
resolution plans, so-called “living wills,” that set out how they could most efficiently be liquidated if they endangered the U.S. financial system or the broader economy. Insurance companies that are found to be systemically significant
are permitted, in some circumstances, to submit abbreviated versions of such plans. 

The Dodd-Frank Act establishes an FIO
within the Department of the Treasury to perform various functions with respect to insurance, including serving as a non-voting member of the FSOC and making recommendations to the FSOC regarding insurers that may be designated for more stringent
oversight by the FSOC. Genworth has not been designated to receive oversight by the FSOC, but there can be no assurances that it will not happen in the future. 

The Dodd-Frank Act imposes new restrictions on the sponsorship of and investment in private equity funds and hedge funds by companies that are affiliated with an insured depository institution. While we
are not affiliated with such an institution or with anyone who is, these restrictions may adversely affect the value of any interests we may have in such funds. 

We cannot predict the requirements that will be imposed under all the regulations adopted under the Dodd-Frank Act, the effect regulations will have on financial markets generally, or on our businesses
specifically (directly or indirectly), the additional costs associated with compliance with such regulations, or any changes to our operations that may be necessary to comply with the Dodd-Frank Act and the regulations thereunder, any of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

Our risk management program may
not be effective or adequate in controlling or mitigating the risks we face. 

We have developed a risk management program
that includes risk identification, quantification, governance, policies and procedures and seeks to appropriately identify, monitor, measure, mitigate, control and report the types of risks to which we are subject. We regularly review our risk
management program and work to update it on an ongoing basis to be consistent with evolving global best market practices. However, our risk management program may not be fully effective in controlling or mitigating all of the risks we face in
our business. 

Many of our methods of managing certain financial risks (e.g. credit, market, insurance and underwriting risks)
are based on observed historical market behaviors and/or historical, statistically-based models. Historical measures may not accurately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than historical measures have indicated. We have
also established internal risk limits based upon these historical, statistically-based models and we monitor compliance with these limits. Our internal risk limits may be insufficient and our monitoring may not detect all violations (inadvertent or
otherwise) of these limits. Other risk management methods are based on our evaluation of information regarding markets, customers and customer behavior, macroeconomic and environmental conditions, catastrophic occurrences and potential changing
paradigms that are publicly available or otherwise 

67 

Table of Contents

accessible to us. This collective information may not always be accurate, complete, up to date or properly considered, interpreted or evaluated in our analyses. Management of operational, legal,
franchise and global regulatory risks requires, among other things, methods to appropriately identify all such key risks, systems to record incidences and policies and procedures designed to detect, record and address all such risks and occurrences.
If our risk management framework does not effectively identify and control our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses or be adversely affected and that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

We employ various strategies, including hedging and reinsurance, to mitigate financial risks inherent in our
business and operations. These risks include current or future changes in the fair value of our assets and liabilities, current or future changes in cash flows, the effect of interest rates, changes in equity markets, and credit spread movements,
the occurrence of credit and counter party defaults, currency fluctuations, changes in global housing prices, and changes in mortality, morbidity and lapses. We seek to control these risks by, among other things, entering in reinsurance contracts
and derivative instruments. Such contracts and instruments may not always be available to us and subject us to counter party credit risk. Developing effective strategies for dealing with these risks is a complex process, and no strategy can fully
insulate us from such risks. The execution of these strategies also introduces operational risks and considerations. See “—Reinsurance may not be available, affordable or adequate to protect us against losses” and “—If
counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements or to derivative instruments we use to hedge our business risks default or fail to perform, we may be exposed to risks we sought to mitigate, which could adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations” for more information about risks inherent in our reinsurance and hedging strategies. 

Our
performance is highly dependent on our ability to manage risks that arise from day-to-day business activities, including underwriting, claims processing, policy administration and servicing, execution of our investment and hedging strategy,
financial and tax reporting and other activities, many of which are very complex. We seek to monitor and control our exposure to risks arising out of or related to these activities through a variety of internal controls, management review processes
and other mechanisms. However, the occurrence of unforeseen events, or the occurrence of events of a greater magnitude than expected, including those arising from inadequate or ineffective controls, a failure in processes, procedures or systems
implemented by us or a failure on the part of employees upon which we rely in this regard, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Past or future misconduct by our employees or employees of our vendors or suppliers could result in violations of laws by us, regulatory
sanctions against us and/or serious reputational, legal or financial harm to our business, and the precautions we employ to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Although we employ controls and procedures designed to
monitor the business decisions and activities of these individuals to prevent us from engaging in inappropriate activities, excessive risk taking, fraud or security breaches, these individuals may take such risks regardless of such controls and
procedures and such controls and procedures may fail to detect all such decisions and activities. Our compensation policies and procedures are reviewed by us as part of our overall risk management program, but it is possible that such compensation
policies and practices could inadvertently incentivize excessive or inappropriate risk taking. If these individuals take excessive or inappropriate risks, those risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Changes in accounting and reporting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board or other standard-setting bodies and insurance regulators could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our financial statements are subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. Accordingly, from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting
standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board. It is possible that future accounting and reporting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we
apply to our financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the required adoption of future accounting and reporting

68 

Table of Contents

standards may result in significant costs to implement. For example, current proposals may change the accounting for insurance contracts and financial instruments and could result in increased
volatility of net income as well as other comprehensive income. In addition, these proposals could require us to make significant changes to systems and use additional resources, resulting in significant incremental costs to implement the
proposals. 

We may be required to recognize impairments in the value of our goodwill, which would increase our expenses and reduce our
profitability. 

Goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire our subsidiaries and other businesses over
the fair value of their net assets at the date of the acquisition. Under U.S. GAAP, we test the carrying value of goodwill for impairment at least annually at the “reporting unit” level, which is either an operating segment or a business
one level below the operating segment. Goodwill is impaired if the amount of goodwill that would be established under a hypothetical purchase of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of goodwill at the date of the impairment test. For
example, goodwill may become impaired if the fair value of a reporting unit as a whole were to decrease to an amount that was less than its carrying value or if the value of its new business is lower than the amount of recorded goodwill. This may
occur for various reasons, including changes in expected income or cash flows of a reporting unit or generation of income by a reporting unit at a lower rate of return than similar businesses or for decreases in projected new business sales. If any
portion of our goodwill becomes impaired, we would be required to recognize the amount of the impairment as a non-cash expense in the current period. See “Part II—Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Estimates” and note 8 in our consolidated financial statements under “Part II—Item 8—Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” for additional
information related to goodwill. 

We have significant deferred tax assets, and any impairments of or valuation allowances against these
deferred tax assets in the future could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The
realizability of deferred tax assets may be limited for various reasons, including but not limited to changes in tax rules or regulations and if projected future taxable income becomes insufficient to recognize the full benefit of our net operating
loss (“NOL”) carryforwards prior to their expiration. Additionally, our ability to fully use these tax assets will also be adversely affected if we have an “ownership change” within the meaning of Section 382 of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. An ownership change is generally defined as a greater than 50% increase in equity ownership by “5% shareholders” (as that term is defined for purposes of Section 382) in any three-year
period. Future changes in our stock ownership, depending on the magnitude, including the purchase or sale of our common stock by 5% shareholders, and issuances or redemptions of common stock by us, could result in an ownership change that would
trigger the imposition of limitations under Section 382. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that in the future we will not experience limitations with respect to recognizing the benefits of our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes for
which limitations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 

We may face losses
if there are significant deviations from our assumptions in our insurance policies and annuity contracts. 

The prices and
expected future profitability of our insurance and some annuity products are based upon expected claims and payment patterns, using assumptions for, among other things, projected interest rates and investment returns, morbidity rates (i.e.,
likelihood of sickness), mortality rates (i.e., likelihood of death of our policyholders and contractholders) and persistency (i.e., the probability that a policy or contract will remain in-force from one
period to the next). The long-term profitability of these products depends upon how our actual experience compares with our pricing assumptions. For example, if morbidity rates are higher than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to
establish additional reserves and make greater payments under our 
long-term care insurance policies than we had projected, and such amounts could be significant. Likewise, if mortality rates are lower than our
pricing assumptions, we could be required to establish additional reserves and make greater payments under both our long-term care insurance policies and annuity contracts, and such amounts 

69 

Table of Contents

could be significant. Conversely, if mortality rates are higher than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under our life insurance policies and annuity contracts
with GMDBs than we had projected. 

The risk that our claims experience may differ significantly from our pricing assumptions
is particularly significant for our long-term care insurance products. Long-term care insurance policies provide for long-duration coverage and, therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge over many
years after pricing and valuation assumptions have been established. For example, changes in economic, market and interest rate risk, socio-demographics, behavioral trends and medical advances may have an adverse impact on our future loss trends.
Moreover, long-term care insurance does not have the extensive claims experience history of life insurance, and as a result, our ability to forecast future claim rates for long-term care insurance is more limited than for life insurance. 

The effect of persistency on profitability varies for different products. For most of our life insurance and deferred annuity products,
actual persistency that is lower than our persistency assumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability, primarily because we would be required to accelerate the amortization of expenses we deferred in connection with the acquisition of the
policy or contract. For our deferred annuities with GMWBs and guaranteed annuitization benefits, actual persistency that is higher than our persistency assumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability because we could be required to make
withdrawal or annuitization payments for a longer period of time than the account value would support. For our universal life insurance policies, increased persistency that is the result of the sale of policies by the insured to third parties that
continue to make premium payments on policies that would otherwise have lapsed, also known as life settlements, could have an adverse impact on profitability because of the higher claims rate associated with settled policies. 

For our long-term care insurance and some other health insurance policies, actual persistency in later policy durations that is higher
than our persistency assumptions could have a negative impact on profitability. If these policies remain in-force longer than we assumed, then we could be required to make greater benefit payments than we had anticipated when we priced these
products. This risk is particularly significant in our long-term care insurance business because we do not have the experience history that we have in many of our other businesses. As a result, our ability to predict persistency and resulting
benefit experience for long-term care insurance is more limited than for many other products. Some of our long-term care insurance policies have experienced higher persistency than we had assumed, which has resulted in an adverse effect on the
profitability of those products. 

Because our assumptions are inherently uncertain, reserves for future policy benefits and
claims may prove to be inadequate if actual experience is different from those assumptions. Although some of our products permit us to increase premiums during the life of the policy or contract, we cannot guarantee that these increases would be
sufficient to maintain profitability or that such increases would be approved by regulators or approved in a timely manner. Moreover, many of our products either do not permit us to increase premiums or limit those increases during the life of the
policy or contract. Significant deviations in experience from pricing expectations could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products. 

We may be required to accelerate the amortization of deferred acquisition costs and the present value of future profits, which would increase our expenses and reduce profitability. 

DAC represents costs related to the successful acquisition of our insurance policies and investment contracts, which are deferred and
amortized over the estimated life of the related insurance policies and investment contracts. These costs primarily consist of commissions in excess of ultimate renewal commissions and underwriting and contract and policy issuance expenses incurred
on policies and contracts successfully acquired. Under U.S. GAAP, DAC is subsequently amortized to income, over the lives of the underlying contracts, in relation to the anticipated recognition of premiums or gross profits. In addition, when we
acquire a block of insurance policies or investment contracts, we assign a portion of the purchase price to the right to receive future net cash flows from the acquired block of insurance and investment contracts and policies. This

70 

Table of Contents

intangible asset, called PVFP, represents the actuarially estimated present value of future cash flows from the acquired policies. We amortize the value of this intangible asset in a manner
similar to the amortization of DAC. 

Our amortization of DAC and PVFP generally depends upon, among other items, anticipated
profits from investments, surrender and other policy and contract charges, mortality, morbidity and maintenance expense margins. Unfavorable experience with regard to expected expenses, investment returns, mortality, morbidity, withdrawals or lapses
may cause us to increase the amortization of DAC or PVFP, or both, or to record a charge to increase benefit reserves, and such increases could be material. 

We regularly review DAC and PVFP to determine if they are recoverable from future income. If these costs are not recoverable, they are charged as expenses in the financial period in which we make this
determination. For example, if we determine that we are unable to recover DAC from profits over the life of a block of insurance policies or annuity contracts, or if withdrawals or surrender charges associated with early withdrawals do not fully
offset the unamortized acquisition costs related to those policies or annuities, we would be required to recognize the additional DAC amortization as an expense in the current period. Equity market volatility could result in losses in our variable
annuity products and associated hedging program which could challenge our ability to recover DAC on these products and could lead to further write-offs of DAC. 

We may not be able to increase premiums on our in-force and future long-term care insurance policies by enough or quickly enough and the rate actions currently being implemented and any future rate
increases may adversely affect our reputation in the market and our business. 

Two significant components of our strategic
plan are to increase prices on our in-force block of long-term care insurance policies and to seek more frequent price increases on such policies in the future, if dictated by our experience. Although the terms of all of our long-term care insurance
policies permit us to increase premiums during the premium-paying period, these increases generally require regulatory approval, which often takes a long period of time to obtain in all relevant jurisdictions and may not be obtained in some.
Moreover, rate actions by us or our competitors could adversely affect our reputation in the markets we operate and limit our ability to continue to market and sell new long-term care insurance products as well as seek rate actions in the future and
retain existing policyholders, agents and independent channel sales levels. In addition, we cannot predict how our policyholders, agents, competitors and regulators may react to any rate actions, nor can we predict if regulators will approve rate
action requests. 

If demand fails to increase for our life insurance, long-term care insurance and fixed annuity products, we may not be
able to execute on our strategy for our business and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our revenue and profitability depend on the overall demand for our products and services, and our projected earnings are based in part on our assumption that sales of our life insurance, long-term care
insurance and fixed annuity products will increase over time. We have devoted significant resources to developing these products and our strategy relies in part on increasing sales while maintaining the profitability of new business.

A large percentage of our revenue is derived from sales of life insurance, long-term care insurance and fixed annuity
products. In recent years, industry sales of these products have varied; in some years, sales have declined while in other years sales have grown moderately. Several factors can affect demand for these products, including changes in market and
economic conditions, risk tolerance of providers and customers and legislative or regulatory changes. In the past, decisions by providers to cease offering these products, to raise premiums on in-force policies and/or to introduce new products
with higher prices have negatively impacted sales for these products. These actions resulted in decreased purchases of some of these products and have caused some distributors to reduce their sales focus on some of these products. Our success
in these businesses depends on our ability to introduce and market products and services that are financially attractive and address our customers’ changing demands. If the market for life insurance, long-term care insurance and fixed
annuity products remains flat or does not improve or if we are unable to compete effectively in that market with our product offerings, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

71 

Table of Contents

Medical advances, such as genetic research and diagnostic imaging, and related legislation could
adversely affect the financial performance of our life insurance, long-term care insurance and annuity businesses. 

Genetic
research includes procedures focused on identifying key genes that render an individual predisposed to specific diseases, such as particular types of cancer and other diseases. Other medical advances, such as diagnostic imaging technologies, also
may be used to detect the early onset of diseases such as cancer, Alzheimer’s and cardiovascular disease. We believe that if individuals learn through medical advances that they are predisposed to particular conditions that may reduce life
longevity or require long-term care, they will be more likely to purchase our life and long-term care insurance policies or not to permit existing policies to lapse. In contrast, if individuals learn that they lack the genetic predisposition to
develop the conditions that reduce longevity or require long-term care, they will be less likely to purchase our life and long-term care insurance products but more likely to purchase certain annuity products. In addition, such individuals that are
existing policyholders will be more likely to permit their policies to lapse. 

If we were to gain access to the same genetic
or medical information as our prospective policyholders and contractholders, then we would be able to take this information into account in pricing our life and long-term care insurance policies and annuity contracts. However, there have been a
number of legislative and regulatory actions and proposals that make, or could make, genetic and other medical information confidential and unavailable to insurance companies. Pursuant to these legislative and regulatory actions and proposals,
prospective policyholders and contractholders would only disclose this information if they chose to do so voluntarily. These factors could lead us to reduce sales of products affected by these legislative and regulatory actions and proposals and
could result in a deterioration of the risk profile of our portfolio, which could lead to payments to our policyholders and contractholders that are higher than we anticipated. 

Medical advances could also lead to new forms of preventive care. Preventive care could extend the life and improve the overall health of
individuals. If this were to occur, the duration of payments made by us under certain of our annuity products likely would increase, thereby reducing our profitability on those products. 

We may not be able to continue to mitigate the impact of Regulations XXX or AXXX and, therefore, we may incur higher operating costs that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. 

We have increased term and universal life insurance statutory reserves in response to Regulations
XXX and AXXX and have taken steps to mitigate the impact the regulations have had on our business, including increasing premium rates and implementing capital solutions, as well as changing our product offerings. We cannot provide assurance that we
will be able to continue to implement actions to mitigate further impacts of Regulations XXX or AXXX on our term and universal life insurance products. Recent market conditions and regulatory constraints have limited the capacity or increased prices
for these reserve funding options. If capacity continues to be limited for a prolonged period of time, our ability to obtain new funding for these structures may be hindered. Additionally, we cannot provide assurance that there will not be
regulatory, tax or other challenges to the actions we have taken to date, which could require us to increase statutory reserves or incur higher operating and/or tax costs. 

One way that we and other insurance companies have mitigated the impact of these regulations is through captive reinsurance companies and/or special purpose vehicles. During 2012, the NAIC began a review
of the insurance industry’s use of captive life reinsurance subsidiaries and is considering changes to its model regulations. In addition, in June 2013, the NYDFS issued a report that was highly critical of insurance companies’ use of
affiliated captive reinsurers and, among other things, encouraged state insurance regulators to consider a national moratorium on new reserve financing transactions involving captive insurers pending completion of the NAIC’s review. We are
currently unable to predict the ultimate outcome of the NAIC’s review or state insurance departments’ actions in this regard. Regulatory changes by the NYDFS or other state insurance departments regarding the use of captives could make it
more difficult and/or expensive for us to mitigate the impact of Regulations XXX and AXXX, and this in turn, could affect our product prices and offerings. 

72 

Table of Contents

If we were to discontinue our use of captive life reinsurance subsidiaries to finance
statutory reserves in response to regulatory changes on a prospective basis, the reasonably likely impact would be increased costs related to alternative financing, such as third-party reinsurance, and potential reductions in or discontinuance of
new term or universal life insurance sales, all of which would adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we cannot be certain that affordable alternative financing would be available, if at all.

We have significant operations internationally that could be adversely affected by changes in political or economic stability or
government policies where we operate. 

We have a presence in more than 25 countries around the world. Global economic and
regulatory developments could affect our business in many ways. For example, our operations are subject to local laws and regulations, which in many ways are similar to the state laws and regulations outlined above. Many of our international
customers and independent sales intermediaries also operate in regulated environments. Changes in the regulations that affect their operations also may affect our business relationships with them and their ability to purchase or to distribute our
products. These changes could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and
regulations may increase materially our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Local, regional and global economic conditions, including changes in housing markets, employment levels, government benefit levels,
credit markets, trade levels, inflation, recession and currency fluctuations, as discussed above, also could affect our international businesses. Political changes, some of which may be disruptive, can also interfere with our customers and all of
our activities in a particular location. Attempts to mitigate these risks can be costly and are not always successful. 

Many
European countries which use the euro as a common currency have experienced levels of economic stress. Failure of European officials to resolve the current euro area debt situation may result in significant financial market volatility and
instability and negatively influence our business within European countries, as well as other countries around the world.

Our
international businesses and operations are subject to the tax laws and regulations, and value added tax and other indirect taxes, in the countries in which they are organized and in which they operate. Foreign governments from time to time consider
legislation and regulations that could increase the amount of taxes that we pay or impact the sales of our products. An increase to tax rates in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and international securities markets could negatively affect our
profitability. 

The results of our international operations are denominated in local currencies, and because we derive a
significant portion of our income from our international operations, our results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent the dollar value of foreign currencies is reduced due to a strengthening of the U.S. dollar. We generally invest
cash generated by our international operations in securities denominated in local currencies. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, approximately 20% and 21%, respectively, of our invested assets were held by our international operations and were
invested primarily in non-U.S.-denominated securities. Although investing in securities denominated in local currencies limits the effect of currency exchange rate fluctuation on local operating results, we remain exposed to the impact of
fluctuations in exchange rates as we translate the operating results of our international operations into our consolidated financial statements. We currently do not hedge this exposure, and as a result, period-to-period comparability of our results
of operations is affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. Our investments in non-U.S.-denominated securities are subject to fluctuations in 

73 

Table of Contents

non-U.S. securities and currency markets, and those markets can be volatile. Non-U.S. currency fluctuations also affect the value of any dividends paid by our non-U.S. subsidiaries to their
parent companies in the United States. 

A significant portion of our international mortgage insurance risk in-force consists of loans with
high loan-to-value ratios, which generally result in more and larger claims than loans with lower loan-to-value ratios. 

Mortgage loans with higher loan-to-value ratios typically have claim incidence rates substantially higher than mortgage loans with lower
loan-to-value ratios. In Canada and Australia, the risks of having a portfolio with a significant portion of high loan-to-value mortgages are greater than in the United States and Europe because we generally agree to cover 100% of the losses
associated with mortgage defaults in those markets, compared to percentages in the United States and Europe that typically range between 12% and 35% of the loan amount. 

Although mortgage insurance premiums for higher loan-to-value ratio loans generally are higher than for loans with lower loan-to-value ratios, the difference in premium rates may not be sufficient to
compensate us for the enhanced risks associated with mortgage loans bearing higher loan-to-value ratios. 

Our international mortgage
insurance business is subject to substantial competition from government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises, and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions. 

Like our U.S. mortgage insurance business, our international mortgage insurance business competes with government-owned and
government-sponsored enterprises. In Canada, we compete with CMHC, a Crown corporation owned by the Canadian government. In Europe, these enterprises include public mortgage guarantee facilities in a number of countries. Like government-owned and
government-sponsored enterprises in the United States, these competitors may establish pricing terms and business practices that may be influenced by motives such as advancing social housing policy or stabilizing the mortgage lending industry, which
may not be consistent with maximizing return on capital or other profitability measures. In the event that a government-owned or sponsored entity in one of our markets determines to reduce prices significantly or alter the terms and conditions of
its mortgage insurance or other credit enhancement products in furtherance of social or other goals rather than a profit motive, we may be unable to compete in that market effectively, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition
and results of operations. See “—We compete with government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises in our U.S. mortgage insurance business, and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and
conditions” below. 

In Canada, CMHC is a sovereign entity that provides mortgage lenders a lower capital charge and a
100% government guarantee as compared to loans covered by our policy which benefit from a 90% government guarantee. CMHC also operates the Canadian Mortgage Bond Program, which provides lenders the ability to efficiently guaranty and securitize
their mortgage loan portfolios. If we are unable to effectively distinguish ourselves competitively with our Canadian mortgage lender customers, under current market conditions or in the future, we may be unable to compete effectively with CMHC as a
result of the more favorable capital relief it can provide or the other products and incentives that it offers to lenders. 

Recent conditions in the international financial markets could lead other countries to nationalize our competitors or establish competing
governmental agencies, which would further limit our competitive position in international markets and, therefore, materially affect our results of operations. 

Changes in regulations could affect our international operations significantly and could reduce the demand for mortgage insurance. 

In addition to the general regulatory risks that are described above under “—Our insurance businesses are heavily regulated and
changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth,” we are also affected by various additional regulations relating particularly to our international mortgage insurance operations. 

74 

Table of Contents

All financial institutions that are federally regulated by OSFI are required to purchase
mortgage insurance whenever the amount of a mortgage loan exceeds 80% of the value of the collateral property at the time the loan is made. From time to time, the Canadian government reviews the federal financial services regulatory framework and
has in the past examined whether to remove, in whole or in part, the requirement for mortgage insurance on such high loan-to-value mortgages. High loan-to-value mortgage loans constitute a significant part of our portfolio of insured mortgages in
Canada, and the removal, in whole or in part, of the regulatory requirement for mortgage insurance for such loans could result in a reduction in the amount of new insurance written by us in Canada in future years. In addition, any increase in the
threshold loan-to-value ratio above which mortgage insurance is required could also result in a reduction in the amount of new insurance written by us in Canada in future years. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Over the past several years, the Canadian government implemented a series of
revisions to the rules for government guaranteed mortgages aimed at strengthening Canada’s housing finance system and ensuring the long-term stability of the Canadian housing market. These revisions were formalized in amendments to the
Government Guarantee Agreement and are now reflected in regulations under PRMHIA. 

If the Canadian government were to alter
its policy in any manner adverse to us, including by managing its aggregate cap of CAD$300.0 billion on the outstanding principal amount of mortgages insured by private mortgage insurance providers in a manner that is detrimental to private mortgage
insurance providers, altering the terms of or terminating its guarantee of the policies of private mortgage insurance providers, including those with Genworth Canada, or varying the treatment of private mortgage insurance in the capital rules,
Genworth Canada could lose its ability to compete effectively with CMHC and could effectively be unable to write new business as a private mortgage insurer in Canada. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to offer mortgage insurance
products in Canada and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For further discussion of the Government Guarantee Agreement, refer to “International Mortgage Insurance—Canada—Government
Guarantee.” 

APRA regulates all ADIs in Australia and life, general, and mortgage insurance companies. APRA also
determines the minimum regulatory capital requirements for ADIs. APRA’s current regulations provide for reduced capital requirements for certain ADIs that insure residential mortgages with an “acceptable” mortgage insurer for all
non-standard mortgages and for standard mortgages with loan-to-value ratios above 80%. APRA’s regulations currently set out a number of circumstances in which a loan may be considered to be non-standard from an ADI’s perspective. The
capital levels for Australian internal ratings-based ADIs are determined by their APRA-approved internal ratings-based models, which may or may not allocate capital credit for LMI. We believe that APRA and the internal ratings-based ADIs have not
yet finalized internal models for residential mortgage risk, so we do not believe that the internal ratings-based ADIs currently benefit from a reduction in their capital requirements for mortgages covered by mortgage insurance. 

Under rules adopted by APRA effective January 1, 2008, in connection with the revisions to a set of regulatory rules and procedures
governing global bank capital standards that were introduced by the Basel Committee of the Bank for International Settlements, ADIs in Australia that are accredited as standardized now receive a reduced capital incentive for using mortgage insurance
for high loan-to-value mortgage loans when compared to previous regulations in Australia. ADIs that are considered to be advanced accredited and determine their own capital estimates, are currently working with the mortgage insurers and APRA to
determine the appropriate level of incentive mortgage insurance provides for high loan-to-value mortgage loans. The rules also provide that ADIs would be able to acquire mortgage insurance covering less of the exposure to the loan than existing
requirements with reduced capital incentives. Accordingly, lenders in Australia may be able to reduce their use of mortgage insurance for high loan-to-value ratio mortgages, or limit their use to the higher risk portions of their portfolios, which
may have an adverse effect on our Australian mortgage insurance business. 

In December 2010, the Australian government
announced a series of banking reforms designed to promote greater competition in the Australian banking industry. One key aspect of the proposals involved boosting 

75 

Table of Contents

consumer flexibility to transfer deposits and mortgages. In particular, the Australian government announced that it would consider instructing the Australian treasury department to accelerate the
development of potential frameworks to transfer LMI policies between lenders and introduce a central registry for mortgages. Currently, LMI policies are not transportable between lenders and are issued to a particular lender in respect of a
particular loan. The Australian government announced on August 21, 2011 that it did not intend to make LMI portable but rather to seek the introduction of a LMI Key Fact Sheet which lenders will be required to give to borrowers. 

The LMI Key Fact sheet will be designed to help home buyers understand the costs and benefits of mortgage insurance when taking out a
home loan. The final LMI Key Fact Sheet implementing regulations have not been promulgated by the Australian government. We are unaware of when, or if, the final regulations will be promulgated. Failure to implement final LMI Key Fact Sheet
implementing regulations could lead to the Australian government considering other actions regarding portability. If changes relating to the portability of LMI policies were implemented, for whatever reason, this may impact the profitability,
required capital and return on equity of our mortgage insurance business in Australia by potentially increasing the cost of underwriting and servicing LMI policies, increasing the time policies remain in force (resulting in capital being held
against policies for a greater duration) and decreasing LMI volumes. 

In December 2010, revisions to a set of regulatory rules
and procedures governing global bank capital standards were introduced by the Basel Committee of the Bank for International Settlements to strengthen regulatory capital, liquidity and other requirements for banks, known as Basel III. Although we
believe these revisions could support further use of mortgage insurance as a risk and capital management tool in international markets, their adoption by individual countries internationally and in the United States has not concluded and we cannot
be sure that this will be the case. Since the Basel framework continues to evolve, we cannot predict the mortgage insurance benefits, if any, that ultimately will be provided to lenders, or how any such benefits may affect the opportunities for the
growth of mortgage insurance. If countries implement Basel III in a manner that does not reward lenders for using mortgage insurance as a credit risk mitigant on high loan-to-value mortgage loans, or if lenders conclude that mortgage insurance does
not provide sufficient capital incentives, then we may have to revise our product offerings to meet the new requirements and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

During 2010, APRA issued detailed proposals to revise the capital requirements for all insurers it regulates. Following receipt of
feedback from the industry, including quantitative analyses from market participants, APRA published updated proposals in March and December 2011. In October 2012, APRA issued revised prudential and reporting standards that became
effective on January 1, 2013. The new standards have not had a material change to the regulatory capital requirements for our business. 

Our claims expenses and loss reserves in our U.S. mortgage insurance business have increased in recent periods and could continue to increase if the
rate of defaults on mortgages covered by our mortgage insurance continues to increase, and in some cases we expect that paid claims and loss reserves will increase. 

Since 2007, we experienced increases in paid claims and loss reserves as a result of a significant increase in delinquencies and foreclosures in certain of our books of business, particularly those of
2005, 2006, 2007 and 2008. This impact was evident in all products across all regions of the country and was particularly evident in our A minus, Alt-A, ARMs and certain 100% loan-to-value products in Florida, California, Arizona and Nevada. In
addition, throughout the United States, we experienced an increase in the average loan balance of mortgage loans, including on delinquent loans, as well as a significant decline in home price appreciation in the majority of U.S. markets. 

The foregoing factors have contributed to an increase in our incurred losses and loss reserves. While approximately 95% of our primary
risk in-force in the United States as of December 31, 2013 is considered prime, based on FICO credit scores of the underlying mortgage loans, continued low or negative home prices, coupled with weakened economic conditions, may cause further
increases in our incurred losses and related loss ratios. Our loss experience may increase as policies continue to age. If the claim frequency on the risk in-force 

76 

Table of Contents

significantly exceeds the claim frequency that was assumed in setting premium rates, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely affected. 

During 2011, 2012 and 2013, we experienced higher levels of paid claims and a decline in the level of loan modifications for borrowers of
mortgage loans underlying our delinquency population. If the loan modification trend worsens in 2014 beyond our expectations, we would expect further aging of our delinquent loan inventory, which would pressure our loss reserves. Additionally, if
elevated levels of unemployment or underemployment continue or increase in 2014, we would expect further increases in delinquencies and foreclosures to cause upward pressure on our paid claims and loss reserves. With respect to home prices, while
housing inventory has demonstrated some improvement in recent months, the inventory of available homes generally remains elevated. The inventory of homes on the market may rise substantially as vacant properties migrate their way through the
foreclosure process. As these homes eventually make their way through an already strained and unpredictable foreclosure cycle and potentially increase an elevated level of inventory of homes available for sale, we expect that home prices may be
pressured downward in certain geographic areas depending upon the level and timing of this process. These conditions could result in an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our premium rates vary with the perceived risk of a claim on the insured loan, which takes into account factors such as the loan-to-value
ratio, our long-term historical loss experience, whether the mortgage provides for fixed payments or variable payments, the term of the mortgage, the borrower’s credit history and the level of documentation and verification of the
borrower’s income and assets. Our ability to properly determine eligibility and accurate pricing for the mortgage insurance we issue is dependent upon our underwriting and other operational routines. These underwriting routines may vary across
the jurisdictions in which we do business. Deficiencies in actual practice in this area could have an adverse impact on our results. We establish renewal premium rates for the life of a mortgage insurance policy upon issuance, and we cannot cancel
the policy or adjust the premiums after the policy is issued. As a result, we cannot offset the impact of unanticipated claims with premium increases on policies in-force, and we cannot refuse to renew mortgage insurance coverage. The premiums we
agree to charge upon writing a mortgage insurance policy may not adequately compensate us for the risks and costs associated with the coverage we provide for the entire life of that policy. 

Certain types of mortgages have higher probabilities of claims. These include Alt-A loans, loans with an initial Interest Only payment
option and other non-traditional loans that we have insured in prior years, including A minus loans and 100% loan-to-value products. Alt-A loans are originated under programs in which there are a reduced level of verification or disclosure of the
borrower’s income or assets and a higher historical and expected default rate at origination than standard documentation loans. Standard documentation loans include loans with reduced or different documentation requirements that meet
specifications of GSE approved or other lender proprietary underwriting systems and other reduced documentation programs with historical and expected delinquency rates at origination consistent with our standard portfolio. The Interest Only payment
option allows the borrower flexibility to pay interest only or pay interest and as much principal as desired, during an initial period of time. A minus loans generally are loans where the borrowers have FICO credit scores between 575 and 660, and
where the borrower has a blemished credit history. A material portion of our Alt-A and Interest Only loans was written in 2005 through 2007. At the end of 2007, we began to adopt changes to our underwriting guidelines to substantially eliminate new
insurance on these loans. However, the new guidelines only affect business written after those guidelines became effective. Business written before the effectiveness of those guidelines was insured in accordance with the guidelines in effect at time
of the commitment, even though that business would not meet the new guidelines. We believe that Alt-A and Interest Only loans written prior to the adoption of the new guidelines may pose a higher risk of claims that would have an adverse impact on
our operating results due to features such as deferred amortization of the loan principal on an Interest Only product and Interest Only loans that contain an adjustable interest rate feature and may reset to a rate above the existing rate. If
defaults on Alt-A or Interest Only or other non-traditional loans are higher than the assumptions we made in pricing our mortgage insurance on those loans, then we would be required to make greater claims payments than we had projected, which could
have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

77 

Table of Contents

Our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum statutory capital requirements and
hazardous financial condition standards which, if not met or waived, would result in restrictions or prohibitions on our doing business and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

The elevated levels of paid claims and increases in loss reserves have impacted the statutory capital base of our U.S. mortgage insurance
subsidiaries. Sixteen states have insurance laws or regulations which require a mortgage insurer to maintain a minimum amount of statutory capital relative to its level of risk in-force. While formulations of minimum capital vary in certain states,
the most common measure applied allows for a maximum permitted risk-to-capital ratio of 25:1. If one of our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries that is writing business in a particular state fails to maintain that state’s required minimum
capital level, we would generally be required to immediately stop writing new business in the state until the insurer re-establishes the required level of capital or receives a waiver of the requirement from the state’s insurance regulator, or
until we establish an alternative source of underwriting capacity acceptable to the regulator. GEMICO, our primary U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiary, previously had exceeded the maximum risk-to-capital ratio of 25:1 established under North Carolina
law and enforced by the North Carolina Department of Insurance (“NCDOI”), GEMICO’s domestic insurance regulator, but as of December 31, 2013, GEMICO’s risk-to-capital ratio was approximately 19.3:1 compared to 36.9:1 as of
December 31, 2012. While it is our expectation that our U.S. mortgage insurance business will continue to meet its regulatory capital requirements, should GEMICO in the future exceed required risk-to-capital levels, we would seek required
regulatory and GSE forbearance and approvals or seek approval for the utilization of alternative insurance vehicles. However, there can be no assurance if, and on what terms, such forbearance and approvals may be obtained. 

GEMICO’s inability to meet its regulatory capital requirements in the future would not necessarily mean that GEMICO lacks sufficient
resources to pay claims on its claim liabilities. While we believe GEMICO has sufficient claims-paying resources currently to meet its claims obligations on existing insurance in-force, we cannot provide assurance that this would always be the case.
Furthermore, our estimates of claims-paying resources and claim obligations are based on various assumptions, which include the timing of the receipt of claims on loans in our delinquency inventory and future claims that we anticipate will
ultimately be received, our anticipated loss mitigation activities, premiums, housing prices and unemployment rates. These assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainty and require judgment by management. Current conditions in the domestic economy
make the assumptions about when anticipated claims will be received, housing values, and unemployment rates uncertain, such that there is a wide range of reasonably possible outcomes. Also, our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries hold certain
affiliate assets including, but not limited to, investments in Genworth Canada and the European mortgage insurance subsidiaries that are included in their reported statutory capital. The statutory reported value of these investments is subject
to the operating performance of these affiliates as well as changes in foreign exchange rates and mark-to-market valuation on their investment portfolios. These exposures are not currently hedged and, hence, the statutory capital of our U.S.
mortgage insurance subsidiaries and their statutory risk-to-capital ratio may fluctuate because of variances in future reported values. 

In addition to the minimum statutory capital requirements, our U.S. mortgage insurance business is subject to standards by which insurance regulators in a particular state evaluate the financial condition
of the insurer. Typically, regulators are required to evaluate specified criteria to determine whether or not a company may be found to be in hazardous financial condition, in which event restrictions on the business may be imposed. Among these
criteria are formulas used in assessing trends relating to statutory capital. One or more of our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries previously had from time to time failed to satisfy one or more of these standards for individual states. We
typically meet or correspond with the appropriate regulator in such circumstances and, to date, no regulator has issued a determination that any of our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries is in hazardous financial condition. Nevertheless, this
evaluation of our U.S. mortgage insurers’ financial condition is ongoing and we presently provide various insurance regulators with substantial financial information for that purpose. We can provide no assurance as to whether or when a
regulator may make a determination of hazardous financial condition and for which entity. Such a determination could likely lead to restrictions or prohibitions on our doing business in that state and could have a material adverse impact on results
of operations depending on the number of states involved. 

78 

Table of Contents

During 2012, the NAIC established the MGIWG to determine and make recommendations to the
NAIC’s Financial Condition Committee as to what, if any, changes to make to the solvency and other regulations relating to mortgage guaranty insurers. In December 2013, the MGIWG published a draft of proposed amendments of the MGI Model and
solicited comments on the proposed amendments. The proposed amendments of the MGI Model relate to, among other things: (i) capital and reserve standards, including increased minimum capital and surplus requirements, mortgage guaranty-specific
risk-based capital standards, dividend restrictions and contingency and premium deficiency reserves; (ii) limitations on the geographic concentration of mortgage guaranty risk, including state-based limitations; (iii) restrictions on
mortgage insurers’ investments in notes secured by mortgages; (iv) prudent underwriting standards and formal underwriting guidelines to be approved by the insurer’s board; (v) the establishment of formal, internal “Mortgage
Guaranty Quality Control Programs” with respect to in-force business; (vi) prohibitions on reinsurance with bank captive reinsurers; and (vii) incorporation of an NAIC “Mortgage Guaranty Insurance Standards Manual.” At this
time we cannot predict the outcome of this process, the effect changes, if any, will have on the mortgage guaranty insurance market generally, or on our businesses specifically, the additional costs associated with compliance with any such changes,
or any changes to our operations that may be necessary to comply, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. We also cannot predict whether other regulatory
initiatives will be adopted or what impact, if any, such initiatives, if adopted as laws, may have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and a small number of large mortgage lenders exert significant influence over the U.S. mortgage insurance market and changes to the role or structure of Freddie Mac or Fannie
Mae could have an adverse impact on our U.S. mortgage insurance business. 

Our U.S. mortgage insurance products protect
mortgage lenders and investors from default-related losses on residential first mortgage loans made primarily to home buyers with high loan-to-value mortgages, generally, those home buyers who make down payments of less than 20% of their home’s
purchase price. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchased approximately 61%, 69% and 63% for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, of all the mortgage loans originated in the United States, according to statistics published
by Inside Mortgage Finance. We believe the mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have increased the market size for flow private mortgage insurance during recent years. However, while Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s
purchase activity increased in recent years, mortgage insurance penetration did not increase proportionately due to a combination of tighter mortgage insurance guidelines and the impact of GSE loan-level pricing on high loan-to-value loans. Changes
by the GSEs in underwriting requirements or pricing terms on mortgage purchases could affect the market size for private mortgage insurance. Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters generally prohibit them from purchasing any mortgage with
a face amount that exceeds 80% of the home’s value, unless that mortgage is insured by a qualified insurer or the mortgage seller retains at least a 10% participation in the loan or agrees to repurchase the loan in the event of default. As a
result, high loan-to-value mortgages purchased by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac generally are insured with private mortgage insurance. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac independently establish eligibility standards for U.S. mortgage insurers. The provisions in
Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s charters create much of the demand for private mortgage insurance in the United States. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are also subject to regulatory oversight by HUD and the FHFA. For the year ended
December 31, 2013, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchased the majority of the flow mortgage loans that we insured. Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s mortgage insurance requirements include specified insurance coverage levels and minimum
financial strength ratings. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac historically required maintenance of a rating by at least two out of three listed rating agencies (S&P, Fitch and Moody’s) of at least “AA-”/“Aa3” (as applicable),
with no rating below those levels by any of the three listed rating agencies; otherwise, additional limitations or requirements may be imposed for eligibility to insure loans purchased by the GSEs. In February 2008, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
temporarily suspended automatic imposition of the additional requirements otherwise applicable upon a ratings downgrade below the above-described requirements, subject to certain specified conditions and this suspension remains in effect. Currently,
we do not meet these rating requirements and have remained in discussions with the GSEs. Any change in their 

79 

Table of Contents

charter provisions or other statutes or regulations relating to their purchase or guarantee activity, as well as to the mortgage insurer eligibility standards, could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. 

Increasing consolidation among mortgage lenders, including the recent mergers
in the U.S. banking industry, will continue to result in significant customer concentration for U.S. mortgage insurers. As a result of this significant concentration, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the largest mortgage lenders possess substantial
market power, which enables them to influence our business and the mortgage insurance industry in general. Although we actively monitor and develop our relationships with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and our largest mortgage lending customers, a
deterioration in any of these relationships, or the loss of business from any of our key customers, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, if the FHLBs reduce their purchases of mortgage loans, purchase uninsured mortgage loans or use other credit-enhancement
products, this could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In September 2008, the FHFA
was appointed conservator of the GSEs. Congress has stated its intent to examine the role of the GSEs in the U.S. housing market, and the Obama administration has also stated that it is considering options regarding the future status of the GSEs. If
legislation is enacted that reduces or eliminates the need for the GSEs to obtain credit enhancement on above 80% loan-to-value loans or that otherwise reduces or eliminates the role of the GSEs in single-family housing finance, the demand for
private mortgage insurance in the United States could be significantly reduced. In February 2011, the Obama Administration issued a white paper setting forth various proposals to gradually eliminate Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Since that date,
members of Congress, various housing experts and others within the industry have also published similar proposals. We cannot predict whether or when any proposals will be implemented, and if so in what form, nor can we predict the effect of such a
proposal, if so implemented, would have on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

The GSEs are conducting a review of
their eligibility standards for private mortgage insurers. If we are unable to meet these standards, we may not be eligible to write new insurance on loans sold to or guaranteed by the GSEs, which would have a material adverse effect on our
business. 

Private mortgage insurers must satisfy the MI Eligibility Standards. Each GSE’s Congressional charter
generally prohibits it from purchasing or guaranteeing a mortgage where the loan-to-value ratio exceeds 80% of home value unless the portion of the unpaid principal balance of the mortgage, which is in excess of 80% of the value of the property
securing the mortgage, is protected against default by lender recourse, participation or by a qualified insurer. In furtherance of their respective charter requirements, each GSE has adopted MI Eligibility Standards to establish when a mortgage
insurer is qualified to issue coverage that will be acceptable to the respective GSE for purchase or guarantee of high loan-to-value mortgages. 

The GSEs have the authority to implement new requirements at any time. Each GSE is currently considering changes to their respective MI Eligibility Standards and we expect that these changes will include
establishment of risk-to-capital requirements that would replace the use of external credit ratings. 
For a discussion on the current external credit rating requirements maintained by the GSEs, see “—A downgrade or a potential
downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could result in a loss of business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.” We have not been informed of the revised capital requirements or their timeframes
for effectiveness, but we believe they will be announced in the near term. For a discussion on state regulatory capital requirements, see “—Our U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum statutory capital requirements and
hazardous financial condition standards which, if not met or waived, would result in restrictions or prohibitions on our doing business and could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.” 

80 

Table of Contents

In December 2013, Genworth Holdings issued $400 million of senior notes in anticipation of
increased capital requirements expected to be imposed by the GSEs in connection with their revised MI Eligibility Standards. As of December 31, 2013, Genworth Financial contributed $100 million of the proceeds to GEMICO with an additional $300
million contributed to a U.S. mortgage holding company. The $100 million contribution in December 2013 to GEMICO, coupled with other performance-related actions, lowered GEMICO’s risk-to-capital ratio to approximately 19.3:1 as of
December 31, 2013. We expect the $300 million contributed into our U.S. mortgage holding company will be further contributed to GEMICO, to the extent needed, for the benefit of its capital position after the changes to the asset and capital
requirements in the revised GSE MI Eligibility Standards are finalized. In connection with this additional $300 million contribution to GEMICO, we will also evaluate the overall performance of our U.S. mortgage insurance business and
conditions existing in the U.S. mortgage insurance industry at the time we decide to make the contribution. If the $300 million had been contributed to GEMICO, its risk-to-capital ratio as of December 31, 2013 would have been lower by
approximately four points. In addition to the available funds held at the U.S. mortgage holding company, we have various alternatives available to us to manage GEMICO’s future capital position, including organic earnings growth; utilization of
a portion of available deferred tax assets; possible reinsurance transactions; use of proceeds from the planned Australian IPO; issuance of convertible or exchangeable securities at the Genworth Financial and/or the Genworth Holdings levels; and
other options that may be available. 

Although we believe we could implement one or more of these alternatives so that we
would continue to be an eligible mortgage insurer after the revised capital requirements are fully effective, there can be no assurance this will be the case. For the year ended December 31, 2013, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchased the
majority of the flow mortgage loans that we insure. If we are unable to meet existing or revised MI Eligibility Standards or determine not to or are unable to implement alternatives, we may not be eligible to write new insurance on loans sold to or
guaranteed by the GSEs, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We cannot be sure of the extent of benefits we will
realize from rescissions and curtailments in our U.S. mortgage insurance business in the future. 

As part of our loss
mitigation efforts, we routinely investigate insured loans and evaluate the related servicing to ensure compliance with applicable guidelines and to detect possible fraud or misrepresentation. As a result, we have, and may in the future, rescind
coverage on loans that do not meet our guidelines or curtail the amount of claims payable for non-compliance. In the past, we recognized significant benefits from taking action on these investigations and evaluations under our master
policy. While we believe these actions are valid and expect additional actions based on future investigations and evaluations, we can give no assurance on the extent to which we may continue to see such rescissions or curtailments. In addition,
insured lenders may object to our actions and we continue to have discussions with certain of those lenders regarding their objections to our actions that in the aggregate are material. If disputed by the insured and a legal proceeding were
instituted, the validity of our actions would be determined by arbitration or judicial proceedings unless otherwise settled. Further, our loss reserving methodology includes estimates of the number of loans in our delinquency inventory that
will be rescinded or have their claims curtailed. A variance between ultimate action rates and these estimates could significantly affect our financial position and results of operations. In the near term, sales could be reduced or eliminated
as a result of a dispute with one or more lenders and such disputes could have an adverse effect on our long-term relationships with those lenders that are impacted. 

The extent to which loan modifications and other similar programs may provide benefits to our U.S. mortgage insurance business is uncertain. 

The mortgage finance industry (with government support) has adopted various programs to modify loans to make them more affordable to
borrowers with the goal of reducing the number of foreclosures. The effect on us of a loan modification depends on re-default rates, which in turn can be affected by factors such as changes in housing values and unemployment. We cannot predict what
the actual volume of loan modifications will be or 

81 

Table of Contents

the ultimate re-default rate, and therefore, we cannot be certain whether these programs will provide material benefits to us. Our estimates of the number of loans qualifying for modification
programs are inherently uncertain. Although a moratorium does not affect the accrual of interest and other expenses on a loan, our master insurance policies contain covenants that require cooperation and loss mitigation by insured lenders. Unless a
loan is modified during a moratorium to cure the default, at the expiration of the moratorium additional interest and expenses would be due which could result in our losses on loans subject to the moratorium being higher than if there had been no
moratorium. 

A deterioration in economic conditions or a decline in home prices in the United States may adversely affect our loss
experience in mortgage insurance. 

Losses in our U.S. mortgage insurance business generally result from events, such as
reduction of income, unemployment, underemployment, divorce, illness and inability to manage credit and interest rate levels that reduce a borrower’s ability to continue to make mortgage payments. The amount of the loss we suffer, if any,
depends in part on whether the home of a borrower who defaults on a mortgage can be sold for an amount that will cover unpaid principal and interest and the expenses of the sale. A deterioration in economic conditions generally increases the
likelihood that borrowers will not have sufficient income to pay their mortgages and can also adversely affect housing values, which increases our risk of loss. A decline in home prices, whether or not in conjunction with deteriorating economic
conditions, may also increase our risk of loss. 

In recent periods, the United States experienced an economic slowdown and saw
a pronounced weakness in its housing markets, as well as declines in home prices. This slowdown and the resulting impact on the housing markets are reflected in our elevated level of delinquencies. However, there has been a lag in the rate at which
delinquent loans are going to foreclosure due to various local and lender foreclosure moratoria as well as servicer and court-related backlog issues. As these loans eventually go to foreclosure, our delinquency counts will be reduced and our paid
claims will increase accordingly. In addition, ongoing delays in foreclosure processes could cause our losses to increase as expenses accrue for longer periods or if the value of foreclosed homes further decline during such delays. If we experience
an increase in delinquencies that is higher than expected, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Problems associated with foreclosure process defects in the United States may cause claim payments to be deferred to later periods. 

In the United States, some large mortgage lenders and servicers voluntarily suspended foreclosure actions in response to reports that
certain mortgage servicers and other parties may have acted improperly in foreclosure proceedings. Where this occurred, we will evaluate our options under the applicable master policies to curtail interest and expense payments that could have been
avoided absent a delay in the foreclosure action. While delays in foreclosure completion may temporarily delay the receipt of claims and increase the length of time a loan remains in our delinquent inventory, our estimated claim rates and claim
amounts represent our best estimate of what we actually expect to pay on the loans in default as of the reserve date. 

We compete with
government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises in our U.S. mortgage insurance business, and this may put us at a competitive disadvantage on pricing and other terms and conditions. 

Our U.S. mortgage insurance business competes with government-owned and government-sponsored enterprises, including the FHA and, to a
lesser degree, the VA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as well as local and state housing finance agencies. Since 2008, there has been a significant increase in the number of loans insured by the FHA. 

Those competitors may establish pricing terms and business practices that may be influenced by motives such as advancing social housing
policy or stabilizing the mortgage lending industry, which may not be consistent with maximizing return on capital or other profitability measures. In addition, those governmental enterprises typically do not have the same capital requirements that
we and other mortgage insurance companies 

82 

Table of Contents

have and therefore may have financial flexibility in their pricing and capacity that could put us at a competitive disadvantage. In the event that a government-owned or sponsored entity in one of
our markets determines to change prices significantly or alter the terms and conditions of its mortgage insurance or other credit enhancement products in furtherance of social or other goals rather than a profit or risk management motive, we may be
unable to compete in that market effectively, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in regulations that affect the U.S. mortgage insurance business could affect our operations significantly and could reduce the demand for
mortgage insurance. 

In addition to the general regulatory risks that are described above under “—Our insurance
businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our growth” and under “—The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act subjects us to additional federal regulation, and
we cannot predict the effect of such regulation on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition,” we are also affected by various additional regulations relating particularly to our U.S. mortgage insurance operations.

U.S. federal and state regulations affect the scope of our competitors’ operations, which has an effect on the size of
the mortgage insurance market and the intensity of the competition in our U.S. mortgage insurance business. This competition includes not only other private mortgage insurers, but also U.S. federal and state governmental and quasi-governmental
agencies, principally the FHA, and to a lesser degree, the VA, which are governed by federal regulations. Increases in the maximum loan amount that the FHA can insure, and reductions in the mortgage insurance premiums the FHA charges, can reduce the
demand for private mortgage insurance. Decreases in the maximum loan amounts the GSEs will purchase or guarantee, increases in GSE fees, or decreases in the maximum loan-to-value ratio for loans the GSEs will purchase can also reduce demand for
private mortgage insurance. Legislative and regulatory changes could cause demand for private mortgage insurance to decrease. 

If countries implement revisions to bank capital requirements pursuant to Basel III rules in their proposed form, the rules could
discourage the use of mortgage insurance in the United States. If countries implement Basel III rules in a manner that does not reward lenders for using mortgage insurance as a credit risk mitigant on high loan-to-value mortgage loans, or if lenders
conclude that mortgage insurance does not provide sufficient capital incentives, then we may have to revise our product offerings to meet the new requirements and our results of operations may be adversely affected. The heightened prudential
standards for large bank holding companies and systemically significant financial companies that were proposed by the Federal Reserve Board in December 2011 may also increase the usefulness of mortgage insurance if insurance of that kind is treated
as reducing counterparty credit exposure. However, if mortgage insurance is used in that way, it will create a new counterparty credit exposure to the issuer of the insurance, which could limit any usefulness it may otherwise have. 

Our U.S. mortgage insurance business, as a credit enhancement provider in the residential mortgage lending industry, is also subject to
compliance with various federal and state consumer protection and insurance laws, including RESPA, the ECOA, the FHA, the Homeowners Protection Act, the FCRA, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and others. Among other things, these laws prohibit
payments for referrals of settlement service business, providing services to lenders for no or reduced fees or payments for services not actually performed, require fairness and non-discrimination in granting or facilitating the granting of credit,
require cancellation of insurance and refund of unearned premiums under certain circumstances, govern the circumstances under which companies may obtain and use consumer credit information, and define the manner in which companies may pursue
collection activities. Changes in these laws or regulations could adversely affect the operations and profitability of our U.S. mortgage insurance business. 

83 

Table of Contents

A decrease in the volume of high loan-to-value home mortgage originations or an increase in the volume of
mortgage insurance cancellations in the United States could result in a decline in our revenue. 

We provide mortgage
insurance primarily for high loan-to-value mortgages. Factors that could lead to a decrease in the volume of high loan-to-value mortgage originations include, but are not limited to: 

•

 a change in the level of home mortgage interest rates and a reduction or loss of mortgage interest deductibility for federal income tax purposes;

•

 a decline in economic conditions generally, or in conditions in regional and local economies; 

•

 the level of consumer confidence, which may be adversely affected by economic instability, war or terrorist events; 

•

 declines in the price of homes; 

•

 adverse population trends, including lower homeownership rates; 

•

 high rates of home price appreciation, which for refinancings affect whether refinanced loans have loan-to-value ratios that require mortgage
insurance; and 

•

 changes in government housing policy encouraging loans to first-time home buyers. 

Many of these factors have emerged in the current economic downturn. A decline in the volume of high loan-to-value mortgage originations
would reduce the demand for mortgage insurance and, therefore, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, a significant percentage of the premiums we earn each year in our U.S. mortgage insurance business are renewal premiums from insurance policies written in previous years. We estimate that
approximately 87%, 91% and 95%, respectively, of our U.S. gross premiums earned in each of the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011 were renewal premiums. As a result, the length of time insurance remains in-force is an important
determinant of our mortgage insurance revenues. Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and many other mortgage investors in the United States generally permit a homeowner to ask his loan servicer to cancel his mortgage insurance when the principal amount of the
mortgage falls below 80% of the home’s value. Factors that tend to reduce the length of time our mortgage insurance remains in-force include: 

•

 declining interest rates, which may result in the refinancing of the mortgages underlying our insurance policies with new mortgage loans that may not
require mortgage insurance or that we do not insure; 

•

 significant appreciation in the value of homes, which causes the size of the mortgage to decrease below 80% of the value of the home and enables the
borrower to request cancellation of the mortgage insurance; and 

•

 changes in mortgage insurance cancellation requirements under applicable federal law or mortgage insurance cancellation practices by mortgage lenders
and investors. 

Our U.S. policy persistency rates increased from 46% for the year ended December 31,
2003 to elevated levels of 85%, 81% and 81% for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively. A decrease in persistency in the U.S. market generally would reduce the amount of our insurance in-force and could have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. However, higher persistency on certain products, especially A minus, Alt-A, ARMs and certain 100% loan-to-value loans, could have an adverse effect if claims generated by such products
remain elevated or increase. 

84 

Table of Contents

The amount of mortgage insurance we write in the United States could decline significantly if
alternatives to private mortgage insurance are used or lower coverage levels of mortgage insurance are selected. 

There are
a variety of alternatives to private mortgage insurance that may reduce the amount of mortgage insurance we write in the United States. These alternatives include: 

•

 originating mortgages that consist of two simultaneous loans, known as “simultaneous seconds,” comprising a first mortgage with a
loan-to-value ratio of 80% and a simultaneous second mortgage for the excess portion of the loan, instead of a single mortgage with a loan-to-value ratio of more than 80%; 

•

 using government mortgage insurance programs, including those of the FHA and the VA; 

•

 holding mortgages in the lenders’ own loan portfolios and self-insuring; 

•

 using programs, such as those offered by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, requiring lower mortgage insurance coverage levels; 

•

 originating and securitizing loans in mortgage-backed securities whose underlying mortgages are not insured with private mortgage insurance or which
are structured so that the risk of default lies with the investor, rather than a private mortgage insurer; and 

•

 using credit default swaps or similar instruments, instead of private mortgage insurance, to transfer credit risk on mortgages.

A decline in the use of private mortgage insurance in connection with high loan-to-value home mortgages for
any reason would reduce the demand for flow mortgage insurance. 

We cede a portion of our U.S. mortgage insurance business to mortgage
reinsurance companies affiliated with our mortgage lending customers, and this could reduce our profitability. 

We, like
other mortgage insurers, offer opportunities to our mortgage lending customers that are designed to allow them to participate in the risks and rewards of the mortgage insurance business. Many of the major mortgage lenders with which we do business
have established captive mortgage reinsurance subsidiaries. These reinsurance subsidiaries assume a portion of the risks associated with the lender’s insured mortgage loans in exchange for a percentage of the premiums. In most cases, our
reinsurance coverage is an “excess of loss” arrangement with a limited band of exposure for the reinsurer. This means that we are required to pay the first layer of losses arising from defaults in the covered mortgages, the reinsurer
indemnifies us for the next layer of losses, and we pay any losses in excess of the reinsurer’s obligations. The effect of these arrangements historically has been a reduction in the profitability and return on capital of this business to us.
We advised each captive reinsurer with whom we do business under an excess of loss arrangement that effective January 1, 2009 we will reinsure only on a quota share basis. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, approximately 1%
and 2%, respectively, of our U.S. primary new risk written was subject to captive mortgage reinsurance. U.S. mortgage insurance premiums ceded to these reinsurers were $22 million, $52 million and $93 million for the years ended
December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively. U.S. mortgage insurance loss reserves ceded to these reinsurers were $44 million, $80 million and $178 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011,
respectively. These arrangements can either favorably or unfavorably affect our profitability within a given calendar year depending upon whether or not the reinsurer’s layer of coverage is attaching and whether or not there are sufficient
assets in the captive trust available for payment of claims, thereby covering some portion of losses. 

Given the recent
business changes to captive reinsurance arrangements, at the end of 2008, the majority of our excess of loss captive reinsurance arrangements was in runoff with no new books of business expected to be added going forward. Additionally, throughout
2009, many lender captive reinsurers have chosen to place their captives into runoff as well. Nonetheless, we will continue to benefit from captive reinsurance on our 2005 through 2008 books of business, although to a lesser extent than in prior
periods. 

85 

Table of Contents

Potential liabilities in connection with our U.S. contract underwriting services could have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We offer contract underwriting services to certain of our
mortgage lenders in the United States, pursuant to which our employees and contractors work directly with the lender to determine whether the data relating to a borrower and a proposed loan contained in a mortgage loan application file complies with
the lender’s loan underwriting guidelines or the investor’s loan purchase requirements. In connection with that service, we also compile the application data and submit it to the automated underwriting systems of Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac, which independently analyze the data to determine if the proposed loan complies with their investor requirements. 

Under
the terms of our contract underwriting agreements, we agree to indemnify the lender against losses incurred in the event that we make material errors in determining whether loans processed by our contract underwriters meet specified underwriting or
purchase criteria, subject to contractual limitations on liability. As a result, we assume credit and interest rate risk in connection with our contract underwriting services. Worsening economic conditions, a deterioration in the quality of our
underwriting services or other factors have caused and could further cause our contract underwriting liabilities to increase and have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we have established reserves to
provide for potential claims in connection with our contract underwriting services, we have limited historical experience that we can use to establish reserves for these potential liabilities, and these reserves may not be adequate to cover
liabilities that may arise. 

Other Risks 

We may not realize the anticipated benefits of our expense reduction plan, and we may lose key personnel related to actions like this as well as general uncertainty in the timing of our turnaround.

On June 6, 2013, we announced an expense reduction plan which eliminated approximately 400 positions, including 150
open positions that will not be filled, and will reduce related information technology and program spending to improve the operating performance of our businesses. When fully implemented, we expect to realize approximately $80 million to $90
million in annual pre-tax expense savings primarily related to these actions. We recorded a pre-tax non-operating charge of $20 million in the second quarter of 2013 reflecting severance, outplacement and other costs associated with the expense
reduction plan. We cannot provide assurance that the anticipated expense reduction will be achieved in full. In addition, we may lose key personnel due to uncertainty in our turnaround and related actions such as the expense reduction plan.

Adverse market or other conditions might further delay or impede the planned IPO of our mortgage insurance business in Australia.

On November 3, 2011, we announced our plan to sell up to 40% of our Australian mortgage insurance business through an
IPO during 2012. On April 17, 2012, we announced a new timeframe for completing the planned Australian IPO of early 2013 and in November 2012 updated this to the fourth quarter of 2013 or later. The execution of the Australian IPO is a
strategic priority for 2014, but execution is subject to market conditions, valuation considerations, including business performance, and regulatory considerations. There can be no assurance that the Australian IPO can be executed during 2014, on
the desired terms, or at all. 

The information in this Annual Report concerning the Australian IPO securities is not an offer
to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities. The Australian IPO securities referred to in this Annual Report have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the
United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. If an offer of Australian IPO securities which requires disclosure in Australia is made, a
disclosure document for the offer will be prepared at that time. Any person who wishes to apply to acquire Australian IPO securities will need to complete the application form that will be in or will

86 

Table of Contents

accompany the disclosure document. In addition, the information in this Annual Report concerning the Australian IPO securities is not intended for public distribution in Australia. 

We have agreed to make payments to GE based on the projected amounts of certain tax savings we expect to realize as a result of our IPO. We will
remain obligated to make these payments even if we do not realize the related tax savings and the payments could be accelerated in the event of certain changes in control. 

Under the Tax Matters Agreement, we have an obligation to pay GE a fixed amount over approximately the next 10 years. This fixed obligation, the estimated present value of which was $245 million and $279
million as of December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, equals 80% (subject to a cumulative $640 million maximum amount) of the tax savings projected as a result of our IPO in 2004. Even if we fail to generate sufficient taxable income to
realize the projected tax savings, we will remain obligated to pay GE, and this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We could also, subject to regulatory approval, be required to pay GE on an
accelerated basis in the event of certain changes in control of our company. 

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and
our Tax Matters Agreement with GE may discourage takeover attempts and business combinations that stockholders might consider in their best interests. 

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include provisions that may have anti-takeover effects and may delay, deter or prevent a takeover attempt that our stockholders might consider in their best
interests. For example, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws: 

•

 permit our Board of Directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 

•

 limit the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders and take action by written consent; and 

•

 impose advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at stockholder meetings.

Under our Tax Matters Agreement with GE, if any person or group of persons other than GE or its affiliates
gains the power to direct the management and policies of our company, we could become obligated immediately to pay to GE the total present value of all remaining tax benefit payments due to GE over the full term of the agreement. The estimated
present value of our fixed obligation as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 was $245 million and $279 million, respectively. Similarly, if any person or group of persons other than us or our affiliates gains effective control of one of our
subsidiaries, we could become obligated to pay to GE the total present value of all such payments due to GE allocable to that subsidiary, unless the subsidiary assumes the obligation to pay these future amounts under the Tax Matters Agreement
and certain conditions are met. The acceleration of payments would be subject to the approval of certain state insurance regulators, and we are obligated to use our reasonable best efforts to seek these approvals. This feature of the agreement could
adversely affect a potential merger or sale of our company. It could also limit our flexibility to dispose of one or more of our subsidiaries, with adverse implications for any business strategy dependent on such dispositions. 

Risks Relating to Our Common Stock 

The Board of Directors has decided to suspend dividends on our common stock until further notice. 

We paid quarterly dividends on our common stock from our IPO in May 2004 until November 2008 when the Board of Directors decided to
suspend the payment of dividends on our common stock to enhance our liquidity and capital position as a result of the global financial crisis and the challenging economic environment. We cannot assure you when, whether or at what level we will
resume paying dividends on our common stock. 

87 

Table of Contents

Our stock price will fluctuate. 

Stock markets in general, and our common stock in particular, have experienced significant price and volume volatility since late 2008.
The market price and volume of our common stock may continue to be subject to significant fluctuations due not only to general stock market conditions but also to a change in sentiment in the market regarding our industry generally, as well as
investor concern about some of our product lines, including but not limited to mortgage and long-term care insurance, our operations, business prospects, liquidity and capital positions. In addition to the risk factors discussed above, the price and
volume volatility of our common stock may be affected by, among other issues: 

•

 our financial performance and condition and future prospects; 

•

 operating results that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

•

 operating and securities price performance of companies that investors consider to be comparable to us; 

•

 announcements of strategic developments, acquisitions and other material events by us or our competitors; 

•

 changes in global financial markets and global economies and general market conditions; 

•

 rating agency announcements or actions with respect to the ratings of our company and our subsidiaries; 

•

 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; and 

•

 market prices for our equity securities. 

Stock price volatility and a decrease in our stock price could make it difficult for us to raise equity capital or, if we are able to raise equity capital, could result in substantial dilution to our
existing stockholders.