Risks Related to Our Business
and Industry 

We face intense competition. 

Our business is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and is subject to changing technology, shifting user needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. We have many competitors in different
industries, including traditional search engines, vertical search engines and e-commerce sites, social networking sites, traditional media companies, and providers of online products and services. Our current and potential competitors range from
large and established companies to emerging start-ups. Established companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and end users, and they can use their experience and resources against us in a variety of
competitive ways, including by making acquisitions, investing aggressively in research and development, and competing aggressively for advertisers and web sites. Emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster
than we can. If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, and content providers, our revenues and growth rates could decline. 

If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and
operating results could suffer. 

Our success depends on providing products and services that make using the internet a more useful
and enjoyable experience for our users. Our competitors are constantly developing innovations in web search, online advertising, and web based products and services. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and
development in order to enhance our web search technology and our existing products and services and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. If we are unable to provide quality products and services, then our
users may become dissatisfied and move to a competitor’s products and services. In addition, these new products and services may present new and difficult technology challenges, and we may be subject to claims if users of these offerings
experience service disruptions or failures or other quality issues. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers, and Google Network members, are not appropriately timed with
market opportunities, or are not effectively brought to market. As search technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer search results that are, or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may
force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. 

We generate our revenues
almost entirely from advertising, and the reduction in spending by or loss of advertisers could seriously harm our business. 

We
generated 97% of our revenues in both 2008 and 2009 from our advertisers. Our advertisers can generally terminate their contracts with us at any time. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us if their investment in advertising with us
does not generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, or if we do not deliver

19 

Table of Contents

their advertisements in an appropriate and effective manner. In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying
patterns. If we are unable to remain competitive and provide value to our advertisers, they may stop placing ads with us, which would negatively harm our revenues and business. 

Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain and enhance our brand would hurt our ability to expand our base of users,
advertisers, Google Network members, and other partners. 

The brand identity that we have developed has significantly contributed to
the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the “Google” brand is critical to expanding our base of users, advertisers, Google Network members, and other partners. We believe that the importance of brand recognition will
increase due to the relatively low barriers to entry in the internet market. Our brand may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including service outages, product malfunctions, and data privacy and security issues. If we fail to maintain
and enhance the “Google” brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, operating results, and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely
on our ability to be a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality products and services, which we may not do successfully. 

We are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. 

The growth of our company and
our expansion into a variety of new fields implicate a variety of new regulatory issues and may subject us to increased regulatory scrutiny, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. Moreover, our competitors have employed and will likely continue to
employ significant resources to shape the legal and regulatory regimes in countries where we have significant operations. Legislators and regulators may make legal and regulatory changes, or interpret and apply existing laws, in ways that make our
products and services less useful to our users, require us to incur substantial costs, or change our business practices. These changes or increased costs could negatively impact our business. 

A variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign laws could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 

We are subject to a variety of laws in the U.S. and abroad that are costly to comply with, can result in negative publicity and diversion of management
time and effort, and can subject us to claims or other remedies. Many of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and related technologies and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues of the internet and
related technologies. The laws that do reference the internet are being interpreted by the courts, but their applicability and scope remain uncertain. For example, the laws relating to the liability of providers of online services are currently
unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad. Claims have been threatened and filed under both U.S. and foreign laws for defamation, libel, slander, invasion of privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity, copyright and trademark infringement, or
other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and the ads posted by our users, our products and services, or content generated by our users. 

In addition, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act has provisions that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability for listing or linking to third-party web sites that include materials that infringe
copyrights or other rights, so long as we comply with the statutory requirements of this act. Various U.S. and international laws restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability
of online services to collect information from minors. In the area of data protection, many states have passed laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach for personal data, such as California’s Information Practices
Act. We face similar risks and costs as our products and services are offered in international markets and may be subject to additional regulations. 

20 

Table of Contents

Acquisitions and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful
consequences. 

We have acquired a number of businesses in the past, including our acquisitions of DoubleClick and Postini. We expect
to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions. In particular, we expect to increase the number of acquisitions we make in 2010 compared to 2009. These transactions could be material to
our financial condition and results of operations. The process of integrating an acquired company, business, or technology has created, and will continue to create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where we face risks
include: 

•

 Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company. 

•

 Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges. 

•

 Coordination of product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions. 

•

 Transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms. 

•

 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization. 

•

 Retention of employees from the businesses we acquire. 

•

 Integration of the acquired company’s accounting, management information, human resource, and other administrative systems. 

•

 Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial
disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities. 

•

 Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, or other third
parties. 

•

 In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency,
political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

•

 Failure to successfully further develop the acquired technology. 

Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or
investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. 

Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive
issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Also, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions may
not materialize. For example, we have yet to realize significant revenue benefits from our acquisition of YouTube. 

Our international
operations are subject to increased risks which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

International
revenues accounted for approximately 51% of our total revenues in 2008 and approximately 53% of our total revenues in 2009. More than half of our user traffic came from outside the U.S. in 2009. We have limited experience with operations outside the
U.S. and our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

•

 Challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences and by doing business with foreign agencies and governments. 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 Longer payment cycles in some countries. 

•

 Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content. 

•

 Credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud. 

•

 Currency exchange rate fluctuations and our ability to manage these fluctuations under our foreign exchange risk management program.

•

 Foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S. 

•

 Import and export requirements that may prevent us from shipping products or providing services to a particular market and may increase our operating costs.

•

 Potentially adverse tax consequences. 

•

 Higher costs associated with doing business internationally. 

•

 Different employee/employer relationships and the existence of workers’ councils and labor unions. 

In addition, compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing
business in international jurisdictions and could interfere with our ability to offer, or prevent us from offering, our products and services to one or more countries or expose us or our employees to fines and penalties. These numerous and sometimes
conflicting laws and regulations include import and export requirements, content requirements, trade restrictions, tax laws, sanctions, internal and disclosure control rules, data privacy and filtering requirements, labor relations laws, U.S. laws
such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees,
prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will
not violate our policies. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services to one or more countries, and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our
ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. 

If our security measures are breached, or if our
services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products and services, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services,
and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure. 

Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of
users’ and customers’ proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation, and potential liability. Our security measures may be breached due to the actions of outside parties,
employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, or
customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation,
and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change
frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception
of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose users and customers. 

22 

Table of Contents

Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and
potential users from using our products and services. 

From time to time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products and
services compromise the privacy of users and others. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation
and operating results. While we strive to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy policies, any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by
government entities or others, or could cause us to lose users and customers, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. 

In addition, as nearly all of our products and services are web based, the amount of data we store for our users on our servers (including personal information) has been increasing. Any systems failure or compromise of our security that
results in the release of our users’ data could seriously limit the adoption of our products and services as well as harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business. We may also need to expend significant resources to protect against
security breaches. The risk that these types of events could seriously harm our business is likely to increase as we expand the number of web based products and services we offer as well as increase the number of countries where we operate.

Regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative proposals concerning data protection. In addition, the
interpretation and application of data protection laws in Europe and elsewhere are still uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in
addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or
require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

We expect our revenue growth rate to decline and
anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. 

We believe our revenue growth rate will generally decline as a
result of a number of factors including increasing competition, the inevitable decline in growth rates as our revenues increase to higher levels, and the increasing maturity of the online advertising market. We believe our operating margin will
experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and increased expenditures for many aspects of our business. Our operating margin will also experience downward pressure if a greater percentage of our revenues comes from ads placed
on our Google Network members’ web sites compared to revenues generated through ads placed on our own web sites or if we spend a proportionately larger amount to promote the distribution of certain products, including Google Toolbar. The margin
on revenues we generate from our Google Network members is significantly less than the margin on revenues we generate from advertising on our web sites. Additionally, the margin we earn on revenues generated from our Google Network members could
decrease in the future if we pay an even larger percentage of advertising fees to our Google Network members. 

Our operating results
may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. 

Our operating
results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of
our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of
these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors listed in this Item 1A and the following factors may affect our operating results: 

•

 Our ability to continue to attract users to our web sites and satisfy existing users on our web sites. 

23 

Table of Contents

•

 Our ability to monetize (or generate revenues from) traffic on our web sites and our Google Network members’ web sites. 

•

 Our ability to attract advertisers to our AdWords program. 

•

 Our ability to attract web sites to our AdSense program. 

•

 The mix in our revenues between those generated on our web sites and those generated through our Google Network. 

•

 The amount of revenues and expenses generated and incurred in currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our ability to manage the resulting risk through our
foreign exchange risk management program. 

•

 The amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations, and infrastructure.

•

 Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results. 

•

 The results of our investments in risky projects. 

•

 Our ability to keep our web sites operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions. 

•

 Our ability to achieve revenue goals for partners to whom we guarantee minimum payments or pay distribution fees. 

•

 Our ability to generate significant revenues from services in which we have invested considerable time and resources, such as YouTube and Google Checkout.

Because our business is changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in
predicting our future operating results. In addition, advertising spending has historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting overall economic conditions as well as budgeting and buying patterns. Also, user traffic tends to be seasonal. Our rapid
growth has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results to fluctuate. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand. 

Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events
outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and services. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are
distributed or made available through the internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our
ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.

Although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these
innovations. Changes in patent law, such as changes in the law regarding patentable subject matter, can also impact our ability to obtain patent protection for our innovations. In addition, given the costs of obtaining patent protection, we may
choose not to protect certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed
invalid or unenforceable. 

We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word
“Google” could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word “search.” If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word “Google” to refer
to their own products, thus diminishing our brand. 

24 

Table of Contents

We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy could be
compromised by outside parties, or by our employees, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. 

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property rights claims, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay damages, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. 

Companies in the internet, technology, and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently
enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we have grown, the intellectual property rights claims against us have increased and may continue to increase. Our products, services,
and technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims and regardless of the merits of the claim, intellectual property claims are often time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. In addition, to the extent claims against us
are successful, we may have to pay substantial monetary damages or discontinue any of our services or practices that are found to be in violation of another party’s rights. 

We also may have to seek a license to continue such practices, which may significantly increase our operating expenses. In addition, many of our
agreements with our Google Network members and other partners require us to indemnify these members for certain third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase our costs as a result of defending such claims and may
require that we pay damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. 

Companies have filed trademark infringement and related
claims against us over the display of ads in response to user queries that include trademark terms. The outcomes of these lawsuits have differed from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. We currently have three cases pending at the European Court of
Justice, which will address questions regarding whether advertisers and search engines can be held liable for use of trademarked terms in keyword advertising. We are litigating, or have recently litigated similar issues in other cases, in the U.S.,
Australia, Austria, Brazil, Chile, China, France, Germany, Israel, Italy, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom. 

We have also had copyright
claims filed against us by companies alleging that features of certain of our products and services, including Google Web Search, Google News, Google Video, Google Image Search, Google Book Search, and YouTube, infringe the rights of others. In the
U.S. we announced a settlement with the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers. However, this class action settlement is subject to approval by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we may be subject to
additional claims with respect to Google Book Search both in the U.S. and in other parts of the world. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing
us from offering certain functionalities, and may also result in a change in our business practices, which could result in a loss of revenues for us or otherwise harm our business. In addition, any time one of our products or services links to or
hosts material in which others allegedly own copyrights, we face the risk of being sued for copyright infringement or related claims. Because these products and services comprise the majority of our products and services, the risk of harm from such
lawsuits could be substantial. 

We have also had patent lawsuits filed against us alleging that certain of our products and services,
including Android, Google Web Search, Google AdWords, Google AdSense, Google Talk, and Google Chrome, infringe patents held by others. In addition, the number of demands for license fees and the dollar amounts associated with each request continue
to increase. Adverse results in these lawsuits, or our decision to license patents based upon these demands, may result in substantial costs and, in the case of adverse litigation rulings, could prevent us from offering certain features,
functionalities, products, or services, which could result in a loss of revenues for us or otherwise harm our business. 

25 

Table of Contents

More individuals are using devices other than personal computers to access the internet. If users
of these devices do not widely adopt versions of our web search technology, products, or operating systems developed for these devices, our business could be adversely affected. 

The number of people who access the internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile telephones, personal digital assistants
(PDAs), smart phones, handheld computers, video game consoles, and television set-top devices, has increased dramatically in the past few years. The lower resolution, functionality, and memory associated with some alternative devices make the use of
our products and services through such devices more difficult and the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users, manufacturers, or distributors of alternative devices. Each manufacturer or
distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not work or be viewable on these devices as a result. We have limited experience to date in operating versions of our products and services
developed or optimized for users of alternative devices, such as Google Mobile and Android, or in designing and selling alternative devices, such as the Nexus One. As new devices and new platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to
predict the problems we may encounter in developing versions of our products and services for use on these alternative devices and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of such devices. If we are
unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, distributors, and users to our products and services, or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices, we
will fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online services, which could adversely affect our business. 

New technologies could block our ads, which would harm our business. 

Technologies have been
developed that can block the display of our ads. Most of our revenues are derived from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection with the display of ads on web pages. As a result, ad-blocking technology could adversely affect our operating
results. 

If we fail to detect click fraud or other invalid clicks, we could lose the confidence of our advertisers, which would
cause our business to suffer. 

We are exposed to the risk of fraudulent clicks and other invalid clicks on our ads from a variety of
potential sources. We have regularly refunded fees that our advertisers have paid to us that were later attributed to click fraud and other invalid clicks, and we expect to do so in the future. Invalid clicks are clicks that we have determined are
not intended by the user to link to the underlying content, such as inadvertent clicks on the same ad twice and clicks resulting from click fraud. Click fraud occurs when a user intentionally clicks on a Google AdWords ad displayed on a web site for
a reason other than to view the underlying content. While we have implemented systems to identify and reduce fraudulent and invalid clicks, an increase in refunds could negatively affect our profitability and damage our brand. 

Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and
services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. 

The availability of our products and services depends on
the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses,
computer denial of service attacks, or other attempts to harm our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of
vandalism, and to potential disruptions if the operators of these facilities have financial difficulties. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a
natural disaster, a decision to close a facility we are using without adequate notice for financial reasons, or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In addition, our products and
services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities. Any

26 

Table of Contents

errors or vulnerabilities in our products and services, or damage to or failure of our systems, could result in interruptions in our services, which could reduce our revenues and profits, and
damage our brand. 

Index spammers could harm the integrity of our web search results, which could damage our reputation and cause our
users to be dissatisfied with our products and services. 

There is an ongoing and increasing effort by “index spammers” to
develop ways to manipulate our web search results. For example, because our web search technology ranks a web page’s relevance based in part on the importance of the web sites that link to it, people have attempted to link a group of web sites
together to manipulate web search results. We take this problem very seriously because providing relevant information to users is critical to our success. If our efforts to combat these and other types of index spamming are unsuccessful, our
reputation for delivering relevant information could be diminished. This could result in a decline in user traffic, which would damage our business. 

Our business and operations are experiencing rapid growth. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be harmed. 

We have experienced rapid growth in our headcount and operations, which has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management,
operational, and financial infrastructure. If we do not effectively manage our growth, the quality of our products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and operating results. Our expansion and growth in international
markets heighten these risks as a result of the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems, and commercial
infrastructures. To effectively manage this growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. These systems enhancements and improvements will require
significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt our ability to manage our growth and our financial position. 

We rely on our Google Network members for a significant portion of our revenues, and we benefit from our association with them. The loss of these members could adversely affect our business. 

We provide advertising, web search, and other services to our Google Network members, which accounted for 31% of our revenues in 2008 and 30% of our
revenues in 2009. Some of the participants in this network may compete with us in one or more areas. They may decide in the future to terminate their agreements with us. If our Google Network members decide to use a competitor’s or their own
web search or advertising services, our revenues would decline. Our agreements with a few of the largest Google Network members account for a significant portion of revenues derived from our AdSense program. If our relationship with one or more
large Google Network members were terminated or renegotiated on terms less favorable to us, our business could be adversely affected. 

Also, certain of our key Google Network members operate high-profile web sites, and we derive tangible and intangible benefits from this affiliation. If one or more of these key relationships is terminated or not renewed, and is not
replaced with a comparable relationship, our business would be adversely affected. 

If we were to lose the services of Eric, Larry,
Sergey, or other members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 

Our future success
depends in a large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. In particular, our CEO, Eric Schmidt, and our founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, are critical to the overall management of Google as well as the
development of our technology, our culture, and our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of any of our management or key
personnel could seriously harm our business. 

27 

Table of Contents

We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire
qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance largely depends on
the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for
qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. In addition, our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and
retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

In addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. As our organization grows, and we are required to
implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. This could negatively impact our future success. 

Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to block,
degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. 

Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies
that have significant and increasing market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, and mobile communications companies. Some of these providers have stated that they may take
measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our
users to provide our offerings. While interference with access to our popular products and services seems unlikely, such carrier interference could result in a loss of existing users and advertisers and increased costs, and could impair our ability
to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenues and growth. 

To the extent our revenues are paid in foreign
currencies, and currency exchange rates become unfavorable, we may lose some of the economic value of the revenues in U.S. dollar terms. 

As we expand our international operations, more of our customers may pay us in foreign currencies. Since we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to
fluctuations in currency exchange rates. For instance, if currency exchange rates were to change unfavorably, the U.S. dollar equivalent of our operating income recorded in foreign currencies would be diminished. Hedging strategies, such as forward
contracts, options, and foreign exchange swaps that we have implemented or may implement to mitigate this risk may not reduce or completely offset our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Additionally, hedging programs expose us to risks that
could adversely affect our financial results, including the following: 

•

 We have limited experience in implementing or operating hedging programs. Hedging programs are inherently risky and we could lose money as a result of poor
trades. 

•

 We may be unable to hedge currency risk for some transactions or match the accounting for the hedge with the exposure because of a high level of uncertainty or
the inability to reasonably estimate our foreign exchange exposures. 

•

 We may be unable to acquire foreign exchange hedging instruments in some of the geographic areas where we do business, or, where these derivatives are available,
we may not be able to acquire enough of them to fully offset our exposure. 

•

 We may determine that the cost of acquiring a foreign exchange hedging instrument outweighs the benefit we expect to derive from the derivative, in which case we
would not purchase the derivative and would be exposed to unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates. 

28 

Table of Contents

•

 To the extent we recognize a gain on a hedge transaction in one of our subsidiaries that is subject to a high statutory tax rate, and a loss on the related
hedged transaction that is subject to a lower rate, our effective tax rate would be higher. 

•

 Significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could greatly increase our hedging costs. 

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 

Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have
higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, as a result of gains on our foreign exchange risk management program, or changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations
thereof. Our determination of our tax liability is always subject to review by applicable tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such a review could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. In addition, the
determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates
are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The
trading price for our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 

The trading price of our Class A
common stock has been volatile since our initial public offering and will likely continue to be volatile. For example, in 2009, the price of our Class A common stock ranged from $282.75 per share to $625.99 per share. The trading price of our
Class A common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 

•

 Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors. 

•

 Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments.

•

 Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates. 

•

 Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our policy not to give guidance on
earnings. 

•

 Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations. 

•

 The volume of shares of Class A common stock available for public sale. 

•

 Sales of stock by us or by our stockholders. 

•

 Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock (including derivative transactions under our Transferable
Stock Option (TSO) program). 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in
particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our
Class A common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company’s securities, securities class-action litigation has often been
instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. 

29 

Table of Contents

We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any
dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The concentration of our capital stock ownership with our founders, executive officers, and our
directors and their affiliates will limit our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters. 

Our Class B common stock
has 10 votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of December 31, 2009, our founders, executive officers, and directors (and their affiliates) together owned shares of Class A common stock, Class B common
stock, and other equity interests representing approximately 70% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. In particular, as of December 31, 2009, our two founders and our CEO, Larry, Sergey, and Eric, owned approximately 90% of our
outstanding Class B common stock, representing approximately 68% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Larry, Sergey, and Eric therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring
stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets, for the foreseeable future. This concentrated control limits our stockholders’
ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 

Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our
management. These provisions include the following: 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure. As a result of this structure, our founders, executives, and employees have
significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentrated control could
discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover, or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 

•

 Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or
removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors. 

•

 Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain
actions without holding a stockholders’ meeting. 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director
candidates. 

•

 Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a
stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.

•

 Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes
it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a
business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware
law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. 

30 

Table of Contents