Our operations and financial
results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our Class A common stock.

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could be adversely
affected. 

Our business is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and is subject to changing technology, shifting user needs,
and frequent introductions of new products and services. We have many competitors in different industries, including general purpose search engines, vertical search engines and e-commerce sites, social networking sites, traditional media companies,
and providers of online products and services. Our current and potential competitors range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups. Established companies have longer operating histories and more established relationships with
customers and users, and they can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions, investing aggressively in research and development, aggressively initiating intellectual
property claims (whether or not meritorious) and competing aggressively for advertisers and websites. Emerging start-ups may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than we can. 

Our success depends on providing products and services that make using the internet a more useful and enjoyable experience for our users. Our
competitors are constantly developing innovations in web search, online advertising, and web-based products and services. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, in
order to enhance our web search technology and our existing products and services, and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. If we are unable to provide quality products and services, then our users may
become dissatisfied and move to a competitor’s products and services. In addition, these new products and services may present new and difficult technology challenges, and we may be subject to claims if users of these offerings experience
service disruptions or failures or other quality issues. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers, and Google Network Members, are not appropriately timed with market

9 

Table of Contents

opportunities, or are not effectively brought to market. As search technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer search results that are, or that are seen to be,
substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing compelling products or in
attracting and retaining users, advertisers, and content providers, our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our ongoing investment in new business strategies and new products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our
ongoing businesses. 

We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new business strategies, products, services, and
technologies. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenues to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with these new investments,
inadequate return of capital on our investments, and unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence of such strategies and offerings. Because these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and
offerings will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 

We
generate our revenues almost entirely from advertising, and the reduction in spending by or loss of advertisers could seriously harm our business. 

We generated 96% of our revenues in 2011 from our advertisers. Our advertisers can generally terminate their contracts with us at any time. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us if their investment
in advertising with us does not generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, or if we do not deliver their advertisements in an appropriate and effective manner. If we are unable to remain competitive and provide value to our advertisers, they
may stop placing ads with us, which would negatively affect our revenues and business. 

In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to
be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse economic conditions can have a material negative impact on the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers to reduce the amounts they spend on
advertising, which could negatively impact our revenues and business. 

Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we
anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. 

Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition, the challenges in maintaining
our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, and the increasing maturity of the online advertising market and the other markets in which we participate. We believe our operating margin will experience downward pressure as a result of
increasing competition and increased expenditures for many aspects of our business. Our operating margin will also experience downward pressure if a greater percentage of our revenues comes from ads placed on our Google Network Members’
websites compared to revenues generated through ads placed on our own websites or if we spend a proportionately larger amount to promote the distribution of certain products, including Google Chrome. The margin on revenues we generate from our
Google Network Members is significantly less than the margin on revenues we generate from advertising on our websites. Additionally, the margin we earn on revenues generated from our Google Network Members could decrease in the future if we pay an
even larger percentage of advertising fees to our Google Network Members. 

We are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny that may
negatively impact our business. 

The growth of our company and our expansion into a variety of new fields implicate a variety of new
regulatory issues, and we have experienced increased regulatory scrutiny as we have grown. In particular, we are cooperating with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), the European Commission (EC) and several state

10 

Table of Contents

attorneys general in investigations they are conducting with respect to our business and its impact on competition. Legislators and regulators, including those conducting investigations in the
U.S. and Europe, may make legal and regulatory changes, or interpret and apply existing laws, in ways that make our products and services less useful to our users, require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal
liability, or cause us to change our business practices. These changes or increased costs could negatively impact our business and results of operations in material ways. 

We are involved in legal proceedings that may result in adverse outcomes. 

We are regularly
subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust (such as the pending investigations by the FTC and the EC), intellectual property, privacy, tax, labor and employment, commercial
disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Such claims, suits, government investigations, and proceedings are inherently uncertain and their results
cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a
complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in substantial fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, consolidated financial
position, results of operations, or cash flows in a particular period. These proceedings could also result in criminal sanctions, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services,
requiring a change in our business practices, or requiring development of non-infringing products or technologies, which could also adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain and enhance our brand would hurt our ability to expand our base of users,
advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners. 

The brand identity that we have developed has significantly contributed to
the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the “Google” brand is critical to expanding our base of users, advertisers, Google Network Members, and other partners. We believe that the importance of brand recognition will
increase due to the relatively low barriers to entry in the internet market. Our brand may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including data privacy and security issues, service outages, and product malfunctions. If we fail to maintain
and enhance the “Google” brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, operating results, and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely
on our ability to be a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality products and services, which we may not do successfully. 

Acquisitions and investments could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other harmful consequences that may adversely impact our
business and results of operations. 

Acquisitions are an important element of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital, and
we expect our current pace of acquisitions to continue. These transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. We also expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential
strategic transactions. The process of integrating an acquired company, business, or technology has created, and will continue to create, unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where we face risks include: 

•

 Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges. 

•

 Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company. 

•

 Integration of the acquired company’s accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination of product, engineering, and sales and
marketing functions. 

•

 Transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms. 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 Failure to obtain required approvals from governmental authorities under competition and antitrust laws on a timely basis, if it all, which could, among other
things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of an acquisition. 

•

 In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency,
political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

•

 Failure to successfully further develop the acquired technology. 

•

 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention of employees from the businesses we
acquire. 

•

 Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial
disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities. 

•

 Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, or other third
parties. 

Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future
acquisitions and investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally. 

Future acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or
amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Also, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. 

A variety of new and existing U.S. and foreign laws could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 

We are subject to numerous
U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws and regulations) may also impact our business. The costs of compliance with these laws and
regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws and regulations can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort and may subject us to significant
liabilities and other penalties. 

Furthermore, many of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and related
technologies and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues of the internet and related technologies. The laws that do reference the internet are being interpreted by the courts, but their applicability and scope remain uncertain.
For example, the laws relating to the liability of providers of online services are currently unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad. Claims have also been, or may be, threatened and filed against us under both U.S. and foreign laws for
defamation, invasion of privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity, patent, copyright and trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and the ads posted by our users, our products and
services, or content generated by our users. Moreover, recent amendments to U.S. patent laws will become effective in 2012 and may affect our ability to protect our innovations and defend against claims of patent infringement. 

In addition, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act has provisions that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability for caching or
hosting, or for listing or linking to, third-party websites that include materials that infringe copyrights or other rights, so long as we comply with the statutory requirements of this act. Any future legislation impacting these safe harbors may
adversely impact us. Various U.S. and international laws restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to

12 

Table of Contents

collect information from minors. In the area of data protection, many states have passed laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach for personal data, such as
California’s Information Practices Act. We face similar risks and costs as our products and services are offered in international markets and may be subject to additional regulations. 

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property or other claims, which are costly to defend, could result in significant
damage awards, and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. 

Internet, technology, and media companies own
large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent holding companies may continue to
seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. As we have grown, the intellectual property rights claims against us have increased and may continue to increase as we develop new products, services, and technologies. 

We have had patent, copyright, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products, services, and
technologies, including Android, Google Search, Google AdWords, Google AdSense, Google Books, Google News, Google Image Search, Google Chrome, Google Talk, Google Voice, and YouTube, infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Adverse
results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, and may also cause us to change our
business practices, and require development of non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business. 

In addition, many of our agreements with our customers and partners require us to indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which would increase our costs as a result of
defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Furthermore, such customers and partners may discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of
injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely impact our business. 

Regardless of the merits of the
claims, intellectual property claims are often time consuming, expensive to litigate or settle, and cause significant diversion of management attention. To the extent such intellectual property infringement claims are successful, they may have an
adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 

Our intellectual property
rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand. 

Our patents,
trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services and
technologies. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our
proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. 

Although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible
we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. Moreover, because of our long-term interests in open source, we may not have adequate patent protection for certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is
always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. 

We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy could be compromised by outside parties, or by our employees, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting
from these trade secrets. 

13 

Table of Contents

We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word
“Google” could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word “search.” If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word “Google” to refer
to their own products, thus diminishing our brand. 

Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our
business and our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating
results. 

We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content. 

We host and provide a wide variety of services and products that enable users to exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct
business, and engage in various online activities both domestically and internationally. The law relating to the liability of providers of these online services and products for activities of their users is still somewhat unsettled both within the
U.S. and internationally. Claims have been threatened and have been brought against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, copyright or trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, tort, including personal injury,
fraud, or other theories based on the nature and content of information which we publish or to which we provide links or that may be posted online or generated by us or by third parties, including our users. In addition, we have been and may again
in the future be subject to domestic or international actions alleging that certain content we have generated or third-party content that we have made available within our services violates laws in domestic and international jurisdictions.

We also arrange for the distribution of third-party advertisements to third-party publishers and advertising networks, and we offer
third-party products, services, or content. We may be subject to claims concerning these products, services, or content by virtue of our involvement in marketing, branding, broadcasting, or providing access to them, even if we do not ourselves host,
operate, provide, or provide access to these products, services, or content. Defense of any such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and other resources, may result in monetary liabilities or
penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner. 

More people are using devices other than personal
computers to access the internet. If users do not widely adopt versions of our web search technology, products, or operating systems developed for these devices, our business could be adversely affected. 

The number of people who access the internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, smart phones, handheld
computers such as netbooks and tablets, video game consoles, and television set-top devices, has increased dramatically in the past few years. The lower resolution, functionality, and memory associated with some alternative devices make the use of
our products and services through such devices more difficult and the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users, manufacturers, or distributors of alternative devices. Each manufacturer or
distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not work or be viewable on these devices as a result. We have limited experience to date in operating versions of our products and services
developed or optimized for users of alternative devices, such as Google Mobile and Android, or in designing alternative devices. As new devices and new platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may
encounter in developing versions of our products and services for use on these alternative devices and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support, and maintenance of such devices. If we are unable to attract and retain a
substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, distributors, and users to our products and services, or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with alternative devices, we will fail to capture a
significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online services, which could adversely affect our business. 

14 

Table of Contents

Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and
potential users from using our products and services. 

From time to time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products and
services compromise the privacy of users and others. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation
and operating results. While we strive to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy policies, any failure or perceived failure to comply may result, and has resulted, in proceedings or actions
against us by government entities or others, or could cause us to lose users and customers, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. 

In addition, as nearly all of our products and services are web-based, the amount of data we store for our users on our servers (including personal information) has been increasing. Any systems failure or
compromise of our security that results in the release of our users’ data could seriously limit the adoption of our products and services, as well as harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business. We expect to continue to expend
significant resources to protect against security breaches. The risk that these types of events could seriously harm our business is likely to increase as we expand the number of web-based products and services we offer, and operate in more
countries. 

Regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data
protection. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is
inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Complying
with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

If our security measures are breached, or if our services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products and services, our products and services may be perceived as not
being secure, users and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services, and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure. 

Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of users’ and customers’ proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation,
and potential liability. Our security measures may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data or our users’ or
customers’ data. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users, or customers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data. Any such breach
or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and a loss of confidence in the security of our products and services that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. Because
the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement
adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose users and customers. 

Web spam and content farms could decrease our search quality, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from
using our products and services. 

“Web spam” refers to websites that attempt to violate a search engine’s quality
guidelines or that otherwise seek to rank higher in search results than a search engine’s assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them. Although English-language web spam in our search results has been significantly reduced, and
web spam in 

15 

Table of Contents

most other languages is limited, we expect web spammers will continue to seek ways to improve their rankings inappropriately. We continuously combat web spam, including through indexing
technology that makes it harder for spam-like, less useful web content to rank highly. We have also improved our ability to detect hacked websites, a major source of web spam in 2010. We face new challenges from low-quality and irrelevant
content websites, including “content farms,” which are websites that generate large quantities of low-quality content to help them improve their search rankings. In 2011, we launched several algorithmic changes focused on
low-quality websites. If web spam and content farms continue to increase on Google, this could hurt our reputation for delivering relevant information or reduce user traffic to our websites. In addition, as we continue to take actions to improve our
search quality and reduce low-quality content, this may in the short run reduce our AdSense revenues, since some of these websites are AdSense partners. 

Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating
results. 

The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and
communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, or other attempts to harm
our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and to potential disruptions if the operators of these
facilities have financial difficulties. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision to close a facility we are using without
adequate notice for financial reasons, or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or
vulnerabilities. Any errors or vulnerabilities in our products and services, or damage to or failure of our systems, could result in interruptions in our services, which could reduce our revenues and profits, and damage our brand. 

Our business and operations are experiencing rapid growth. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could
be harmed. 

We have experienced rapid growth in our headcount and operations, which has placed, and will continue to place,
significant demands on our management, operational, and financial infrastructure. If we do not effectively manage our growth, the quality of our products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and operating results. Our
expansion and growth in international markets heighten these risks as a result of the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute
resolution systems, regulatory systems, and commercial infrastructures. To effectively manage this growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and compliance procedures.
These systems enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt our ability to manage our growth and our consolidated financial position.

Our international operations expose us to additional risks which could harm our business, operating results, and financial
condition. 

Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to further expand
internationally. International revenues accounted for approximately 54% of our total revenues in 2011 and more than half of our user traffic has been coming from outside the U.S. In certain international markets, we have limited operating experience
and may not benefit from any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our international operations expose us to additional risks, including the following: 

•

 Changes in local political, economic, social, and labor conditions, which may adversely harm our business. 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 Restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries
outside the U.S. 

•

 Import and export requirements that may prevent us from offering products or providing services to a particular market and may increase our operating costs.

•

 Currency exchange rate fluctuations and our ability to manage these fluctuations through our foreign exchange risk management program.

•

 Longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud. 

•

 Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent.

•

 Different employee/employer relationships, existence of workers’ councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural
differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions. 

In addition, compliance with complex foreign
and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include internal control and disclosure rules, data privacy and filtering
requirements, anti-corruption laws, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and antitrust and competition regulations, among others. Violations of these laws and
regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could
also materially affect our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with
these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies. 

Furthermore, since we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure to
fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our net income. Additionally,
hedging programs are inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

If we were to lose the services of Larry, Sergey, Eric, or other key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 

Our future success depends in a large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. In particular, Larry Page and Sergey Brin are critical to the overall management of Google and the
development of our technology. Along with our Executive Chairman Eric E. Schmidt, they also play a key role in maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and we
do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of key personnel could seriously harm our business. 

We rely on
highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to
identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. In
addition, our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our
ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

17 

Table of Contents

In addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. As
our organization grows, and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. This could negatively impact our future
success. 

Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may
be able to block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. 

Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies
that have significant market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned service providers. Some of these providers have
taken, or have stated that they may take, measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or
by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. Such interference could result in a loss of existing users and advertisers, and increased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users and advertisers, thereby
harming our revenues and growth. 

New technologies could block our ads, which would harm our business. 

Technologies have been developed (including by us) that can block the display of our ads and that provide tools to users to opt out of our
advertising products. Most of our revenues are derived from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection with the display of ads on web pages for our users. As a result, such technologies and tools could adversely affect our operating results.

We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investment portfolio. 

Given the global nature of our business, we have investments both domestically and internationally. Credit ratings and pricing of these investments
can be negatively impacted by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, financial results, or other factors. As a result, the value or liquidity of our cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline and result in a material impairment,
which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

We may have exposure to greater than
anticipated tax liabilities. 

Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in
jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, as a result of gains on our foreign exchange
risk management program, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items. We are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such a review
or audit could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. In addition, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many
transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect
our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 

Our operating results may fluctuate, which
makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. 

Our operating results may
fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely

18 

Table of Contents

on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical or
projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors listed in this section and the following factors may affect our operating
results: 

•

 Our ability to continue to attract users to our websites and satisfy existing users on our websites. 

•

 Our ability to monetize (or generate revenues from) traffic on our websites and our Google Network Members’ websites. 

•

 Our ability to attract advertisers to our AdWords program, and our ability to attract websites to our AdSense program. 

•

 The mix in our revenues between those generated on our websites and those generated through our Google Network. 

•

 The amount of revenues and expenses generated and incurred in currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our ability to manage the resulting risk through our
foreign exchange risk management program. 

•

 The amount and timing of operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations, and
infrastructure. 

•

 Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results. 

•

 The results of our investments in risky projects, including new business strategies and new products, services, and technologies. 

•

 Our ability to keep our websites operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions. 

•

 Our ability to generate significant revenues from services in which we have invested considerable time and resources, such as Google Checkout.

Because our business is changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in
predicting our future operating results. In addition, advertising spending has historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting overall economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. Also, user traffic tends to be seasonal. Our rapid
growth has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results to fluctuate. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The trading price for our Class A common stock may continue to be volatile. 

The trading price of our Class A common stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile. For
example, in 2011, the price of our Class A common stock ranged from $473.02 per share to $646.76 per share. The trading price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our
control. These factors include: 

•

 Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors. 

•

 Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments.

•

 Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates. 

•

 Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our policy not to give guidance on
earnings. 

•

 Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations. 

19 

Table of Contents

•

 Commentary by industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results, regardless of its accuracy.

•

 The volume of shares of Class A common stock available for public sale. 

•

 Sales of stock by us or by our stockholders (including sales by our directors, executive officers, and other employees). 

•

 Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock (including derivative transactions under our TSO program).

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless
of our actual operating performance. 

The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders’ ability to influence
corporate matters. 

Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of
December 31, 2011, Larry, Sergey, and Eric beneficially owned approximately 92% of our outstanding Class B common stock, representing approximately 66% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Larry, Sergey, and Eric therefore have
significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the
foreseeable future. This concentrated control limits our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the market price of our
Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 

Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a
takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of
delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following: 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure. As a result of this structure, Larry, Sergey, and Eric have significant
influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others
from initiating any potential merger, takeover, or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 

•

 Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or
removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors. 

•

 Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain
actions without holding a stockholders’ meeting. 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director
candidates. 

•

 Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a
stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.

20 

Table of Contents

•

 Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes
it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a
business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely
on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.