Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We face significant competition from Microsoft and Yahoo. 

We face formidable competition in every aspect of our business, and particularly from other companies that seek to connect people with information on the
web and provide them with relevant advertising. Currently, we consider our primary competitors to be Microsoft Corporation and Yahoo! Inc. Microsoft has developed features that make web search a more integrated part of its Windows operating system
and other desktop software products. We expect that Microsoft will increasingly use its financial and engineering resources to compete with us. Microsoft has more employees and cash resources than we do. Also, both Microsoft and Yahoo have longer
operating histories and more established relationships with customers and end users. They can use their experience and resources against us in a variety of competitive ways, including by making acquisitions, investing more aggressively in research
and development and competing more aggressively for advertisers and web sites. Microsoft and Yahoo also may have a greater ability to attract and retain users than we do because they operate internet portals with a broad range of content products
and services. If Microsoft or Yahoo is successful in providing similar or better web search results or more relevant advertisements, or in leveraging their platforms or products to make their web search or advertising services easier to access, we
could experience a significant decline in user traffic or the size of the Google Network. Any such decline could negatively affect our revenues. 

We face competition across all geographic markets from other internet companies, including web search providers, internet access providers, internet advertising companies, destination web sites, and local information providers, and
from traditional media companies. 

In addition to Microsoft and Yahoo, we face competition from other web search providers,
including start-ups as well as developed companies that are enhancing or developing search technologies. We compete with internet advertising companies, particularly in the areas of pay-for-performance and keyword-targeted internet advertising.
Also, we may compete with companies that sell products and services online because these companies, like us, are trying to attract users to their web sites to search for information about products and services. We also provide a number of online
products and services, including Gmail, YouTube, and Google Docs, that compete directly with new and established companies that offer communication, information, and entertainment services integrated into their products or media properties.

We also compete with web sites that provide their own or user-generated content and provide advertising to their users. These destination
web sites include those operated by internet access providers, such as cable and DSL service providers. Because our users need to access our services through internet access providers, they have direct relationships 

17 

Table of Contents

with these providers. If an access provider or a computer or computing device manufacturer offers online services that compete with ours, the user may find
it more convenient to use the services of the access provider or manufacturer. Also, because the access provider gathers information from the user in connection with the establishment of a billing relationship, the access provider may be more
effective than we are in tailoring services and advertisements to the specific tastes of the user. 

In certain markets outside the U.S.,
other web search, advertising services, and internet companies have greater brand recognition, more users, and more search traffic than we have. Even in countries where we have a significant user following, we may not be as successful in generating
advertising revenue due to slower market development, our inability to provide attractive local advertising services or other factors. In order to compete, we need to better understand our international users and their preferences, improve our brand
recognition, our selling efforts internationally, and build stronger relationships with advertisers. If we fail to do so, our global expansion efforts may be more costly and less profitable than we expect. 

In addition to internet companies, internet advertising companies such as Google face competition from companies that offer traditional media advertising
opportunities. Most large advertisers have fixed advertising budgets, a small portion of which is allocated to internet advertising. We expect that large advertisers will continue to focus most of their advertising efforts on traditional media. If
we fail to convince these companies to spend a portion of their advertising budgets with us, or if our existing advertisers reduce the amount they spend on our programs, our operating results would be harmed. 

We expect our revenue growth rate to decline and anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. 

We believe our revenue growth rate will generally decline as a result of a number of factors including increasing competition, the inevitable decline in
growth rates as our revenues increase to higher levels and the increasing maturity of the online advertising market. We believe our operating margin will experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and increased expenditures
for many aspects of our business. Our operating margin will also experience downward pressure if a greater percentage of our revenues comes from ads placed on our Google Network members’ web sites compared to revenues generated through ads
placed on our own web sites or if we spend a proportionately larger amount to promote the distribution of certain products, including Google Toolbar. The margin on revenue we generate from our Google Network members is significantly less than the
margin on revenue we generate from advertising on our web sites. Additionally, the margin we earn on revenue generated from our Google Network members could decrease in the future if we pay an even larger percentage of advertising fees to our Google
Network members. 

Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to
fall short of expectations. 

Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As
a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses as a percentage of
our revenues may differ significantly from our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors listed in this
Item 1A and the following factors may affect our operating results: 

•

 Our ability to continue to attract users to our web sites and satisfy existing users on our web sites. 

•

 Our ability to monetize (or generate revenue from) traffic on our web sites and our Google Network members’ web sites. 

•

 Our ability to attract advertisers to our AdWords program. 

•

 Our ability to attract web sites to our AdSense program. 

•

 The mix in our revenues between those generated on our web sites and those generated through our Google Network. 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 The amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations, and infrastructure.

•

 Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results. 

•

 The results of our investments in risky projects. 

•

 Our ability to keep our web sites operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions. 

•

 Our ability to achieve revenue goals for partners to whom we guarantee minimum payments or pay distribution fees. 

•

 Our ability to generate revenue from services in which we have invested considerable time and resources, such as YouTube and Google Checkout.

Because our business is changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in predicting
our future operating results. In addition, advertising spending has historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting overall economic conditions as well as budgeting and buying patterns. For example, in 1999, advertisers spent heavily on internet
advertising. This was followed by a lengthy downturn in ad spending on the web. Also, user traffic tends to be seasonal. Our rapid growth has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed, the
cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results to fluctuate. 

If we do not
continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could suffer. 

Our success depends on providing products and services that make using the internet a more useful and enjoyable experience for our users. Our competitors
are constantly developing innovations in web search, online advertising and web based products and services. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development in order to enhance our web search technology and
our existing products and services and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. If we are unable to provide quality products and services, then our users may become dissatisfied and move to a competitor’s
products and services. In addition, these new products and services may present new and difficult technology challenges, and we may be subject to claims if users of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures or other quality issues.
Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers and Google Network members, are not appropriately timed with market opportunities or are not effectively brought to market. As
search technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer search results that are, or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant
resources in order to remain competitive. 

We generate our revenue almost entirely from advertising, and the reduction in spending by
or loss of advertisers could seriously harm our business. 

We generated 99% of our revenues in 2007 and 97% of our revenues in 2008
from our advertisers. Our advertisers can generally terminate their contracts with us at any time. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us if their investment in advertising with us does not generate sales leads, and ultimately
customers, or if we do not deliver their advertisements in an appropriate and effective manner. In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. If we are unable
to remain competitive and provide value to our advertisers, they may stop placing ads with us, which would negatively harm our revenues and business. 

The effects of the recent global economic crisis may impact our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

The recent global economic crisis has caused disruptions and extreme volatility in global financial markets and increased rates of default and bankruptcy, and has impacted levels of consumer spending. These
macroeconomic developments could negatively affect our business, operating results, or financial condition in a number of ways. For example, current or potential customers such as advertisers may delay or decrease spending with us or may not pay us
or 

19 

Table of Contents

may delay paying us for previously purchased products and services. In addition, if consumer spending continues to decrease, this may result in fewer clicks
on our advertisers’ ads displayed on our web sites and our Google Network members’ web sites. Finally, if the banking system or the financial markets continue to deteriorate or remain volatile, our investment portfolio may be impacted and
the values and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected. 

We rely on our Google Network members for a significant
portion of our revenues, and we benefit from our association with them. The loss of these members could adversely affect our business. 

We provide advertising, web search and other services to our Google Network members, which accounted for 35% of our revenues in 2007 and 31% of our revenues in 2008. Some of the participants in this network may compete with us in one or
more areas. They may decide in the future to terminate their agreements with us. If our Google Network members decide to use a competitor’s or their own web search or advertising services, our revenues would decline. Our agreements with a few
of the largest Google Network members account for a significant portion of revenues derived from our AdSense program. If our relationship with one or more large Google Network members were terminated or renegotiated on terms less favorable to us,
our business could be adversely affected. 

Also, certain of our key Google Network members operate high-profile web sites, and we derive
tangible and intangible benefits from this affiliation. If one or more of these key relationships is terminated or not renewed, and is not replaced with a comparable relationship, our business would be adversely affected. 

Our business and operations are experiencing rapid growth. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be
harmed. 

We have experienced rapid growth in our headcount and operations, which has placed, and will continue to place, significant
demands on our management, operational and financial infrastructure. If we do not effectively manage our growth, the quality of our products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and operating results. Our expansion and
growth in international markets heightens these risks as a result of the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems,
regulatory systems and commercial infrastructures. To effectively manage this growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. These systems enhancements and
improvements will require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt our ability to manage our growth and our financial position. 

Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain and enhance our brand would hurt our ability to expand our base of users,
advertisers and Google Network members. 

The brand identity that we have developed has significantly contributed to the success of
our business. Maintaining and enhancing the “Google” brand is critical to expanding our base of users, advertisers, Google Network members, and other partners. We believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase due to the
relatively low barriers to entry in the internet market. If we fail to maintain and enhance the “Google” brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, operating results and financial condition will be materially
and adversely affected. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to be a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality products and services, which we may not do successfully. 

Acquisitions could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences. 

We do not have a great deal of experience acquiring companies, and the companies we have acquired have typically been small. However, recently, we have
closed a number of larger acquisitions, including our acquisitions of DoubleClick and Postini, and are in the process of integrating these businesses into our own. We also expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regarding a wide
array of potential strategic transactions. These transactions could be material to 

20 

Table of Contents

our financial condition and results of operations. The process of integrating an acquired company, business or technology has created, and will continue to
create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. The areas where we face risks include: 

•

 Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company. 

•

 Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges. 

•

 Coordination of product, engineering and sales and marketing functions. 

•

 Transition of operations, users and customers onto our existing platforms. 

•

 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization. 

•

 Retention of employees from the businesses we acquire. 

•

 Integration of the acquired company’s accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems. 

•

 Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial
disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities. 

•

 Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders, or other third
parties. 

•

 In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particular economic, currency,
political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

•

 Failure to successfully further develop the acquired technology. 

Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and strategic investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such
acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities and harm our business generally. 

Future acquisitions or dispositions could
also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Also, the anticipated benefit of many of
our acquisitions may not materialize. For example, we have yet to realize significant revenue benefits from our acquisitions of dMarc Broadcasting (Audio Ads) and YouTube. 

Our international operations are subject to increased risks which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

International revenues accounted for approximately 51% of our total revenues in 2008, and more than half of our user traffic came from
outside the U.S. during this period. We have limited experience with operations outside the U.S. and our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally requires considerable management attention and resources and is
subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

•

 Challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences and by doing business with foreign agencies and governments. 

•

 Longer payment cycles in some countries. 

•

 Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content. 

•

 Credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud. 

•

 Currency exchange rate fluctuations and our ability to manage these fluctuations under our foreign exchange risk management program. 

•

 Foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S. 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 Import and export requirements that may prevent us from shipping products or providing services to a particular market and may increase our operating costs.

•

 Potentially adverse tax consequences. 

•

 Higher costs associated with doing business internationally. 

•

 Different employee/employer relationships and the existence of workers’ councils and labor unions. 

In addition, compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing
business in international jurisdictions and could expose us or our employees to fines and penalties. These numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include import and export requirements, content requirements, trade restrictions, tax
laws, sanctions, internal and disclosure control rules, data privacy requirements, labor relations laws, U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials. Violations of these
laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to
ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services to one or more
countries, and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brand.

Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various
events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and services. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services
are distributed or made available through the internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or
our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results.

Although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations.
In addition, given the costs of obtaining patent protection, we may choose not to protect certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection
gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. 

We also face risks associated with our
trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google” could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word “search.” If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in
other people using the word “Google” to refer to their own products, thus diminishing our brand. 

We also seek to maintain
certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy could be compromised by outside parties, or by our employees, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. 

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property rights claims, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay damages and
could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. 

Companies in the internet, technology and media industries own
large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we have grown, the intellectual property rights
claims against us have increased. Our products, services and technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims and regardless of the merits of the claim, intellectual 

22 

Table of Contents

property claims are often time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. In addition, to the extent claims against us are successful, we may have to pay
substantial monetary damages or discontinue any of our services or practices that are found to be in violation of another party’s rights. 

We also may have to seek a license to continue such practices, which may significantly increase our operating expenses. In addition, many of our agreements with our Google Network members and other partners require us to indemnify these
members for certain third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase our costs as a result of defending such claims and may require that we pay damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. 

Companies have filed trademark infringement and related claims against us over the display of ads in response to user queries that include trademark
terms. The outcomes of these lawsuits have differed from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. We currently have three cases pending at the European Court of Justice, which will address questions regarding whether advertisers and search engines can be held
liable for use of trademarked terms in keyword advertising. We are litigating, or have recently litigated similar issues in other cases, in the U.S., Australia, Austria, Brazil, China, France, Germany, Israel, and Italy. 

We have also had copyright claims filed against us by companies alleging that features of certain of our products and services, including Google Web
Search, Google News, Google Video, Google Image Search, Google Book Search, and YouTube, infringe their rights. In the U.S. we announced a settlement with the Authors Guild and the Association of American Publishers; however, this class action
settlement is subject to approval by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we are subject to additional claims with respect to Google Book Search in other parts of the world. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include
awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain functionalities, and may also result in a change in our business practices, which could result in a loss of revenue for us
or otherwise harm our business. In addition, any time one of our products or services links to or hosts material in which others allegedly own copyrights, we face the risk of being sued for copyright infringement or related claims. Because these
products and services comprise the majority of our products and services, the risk of harm from such lawsuits could be substantial. 

We
have also had patent lawsuits filed against us alleging that certain of our products and services, including Google Web Search, Google AdWords, Google AdSense, and Google Chrome, infringe patents held by others. In addition, the number of demands
for license fees and the dollar amounts associated with each request continue to increase. Adverse results in these lawsuits, or our decision to license patents based upon these demands, may result in substantial costs and, in the case of adverse
litigation rulings, could prevent us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services, which could result in a loss of revenue for us or otherwise harm our business. 

Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and services.

From time to time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products and services compromise the privacy of users and others.
Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure or security of personal information or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and operating results. While we strive to comply with
all applicable data protection laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy policies, any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or others, which could potentially
have an adverse effect on our business. 

In addition, as nearly all of our products and services are web based, the amount of data we store
for our users on our servers (including personal information) has been increasing. Any systems failure or compromise of our security that results in the release of our users’ data could seriously limit the adoption of our products and services
as well as harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business. We may also need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches. The risk that these types of events could seriously harm our business is likely to increase
as we expand the number of web based products and services we offer as well as increase the number of countries where we operate. 

23 

Table of Contents

Regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative proposals concerning data
protection. In addition, the interpretation and application of data protection laws in Europe and elsewhere are still uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data
practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur
substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

A variety of new and existing
U.S. and foreign laws could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business. 

We are subject to a variety of laws in the U.S.
and abroad that are costly to comply with, can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort, and can subject us to claims or other remedies. Many of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and related
technologies and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues of the internet and related technologies. The laws that do reference the internet are being interpreted by the courts, but their applicability and scope remain uncertain.
For example, the laws relating to the liability of providers of online services are currently unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad. Claims have been threatened and filed under both U.S. and foreign law for defamation, libel, slander, invasion
of privacy and other tort claims, unlawful activity, copyright and trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and the ads posted by our users, our products and services, or content generated
by our users. 

In addition, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act has provisions that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability
for listing or linking to third-party web sites that include materials that infringe copyrights or other rights, so long as we comply with the statutory requirements of this act. The Child Online Protection Act and the Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors. In the area of data protection, many states have passed
laws requiring notification to users when there is a security breach for personal data, such as California’s Information Practices Act. We face similar risks and costs as our products and services are offered in international markets and may be
subject to additional regulations. 

We are subject to increased regulatory scrutiny that may negatively impact our business. 

The growth of our company and our expansion into a variety of new fields implicate a variety of new regulatory issues and may subject us to
increased regulatory scrutiny, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. Moreover, our competitors have employed and will likely continue to employ significant resources to shape the legal and regulatory regimes in countries where we have significant
operations. Legislators and regulators may make legal and regulatory changes, or interpret and apply existing laws, in ways that make our products and services less useful to our users, require us to incur substantial costs, or change our business
practices. These changes or increased costs could negatively impact our business. 

More individuals are using non-PC devices to
access the internet. If users of these devices do not widely adopt versions of our web search technology, products or operating systems developed for these devices, our business could be adversely affected. 

The number of people who access the internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile telephones, personal digital assistants
(PDAs), smart phones and handheld computers and video game consoles, as well as television set-top devices, has increased dramatically in the past few years. The lower resolution, functionality and memory associated with alternative devices make the
use of our products and services through such devices more difficult and the versions of our products and services developed for these devices may not be compelling to users, manufacturers or distributors of alternative devices. Each manufacturer or
distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and services may not work or be viewable on these devices as a result. As we have limited experience to date in operating versions of our products and services
developed or optimized for users of alternative devices, and as new devices and new platforms are continually being released, it is difficult to predict the problems we may encounter in developing versions of our products and services for use on
these alternative devices and we may need to devote significant resources to the creation, support and maintenance of such devices. If we are unable to attract and retain 

24 

Table of Contents

a substantial number of alternative device manufacturers, distributors and users to our products and services or if we are slow to develop products and
technologies that are more compatible with non-PC communications devices, we will fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online services, which could adversely affect our business. 

Our business may be adversely affected by malicious applications that interfere with, or exploit security flaws in, our products and services.

Our business may be adversely affected by malicious applications that make changes to our users’ computers and interfere with
the Google experience. These applications have in the past attempted, and may in the future attempt, to change our users’ internet experience, including hijacking queries to Google.com, altering or replacing Google search results, or otherwise
interfering with our ability to connect with our users. The interference often occurs without disclosure to or consent from users, resulting in a negative experience that users may associate with Google. These applications may be difficult or
impossible to uninstall or disable, may reinstall themselves and may circumvent other applications’ efforts to block or remove them. In addition, we offer a number of products and services that our users download to their computers or that they
rely on to store information and transmit information to others over the internet. These products and services are subject to attack by viruses, worms and other malicious software programs, which could jeopardize the security of information stored
in a user’s computer or in our computer systems and networks. The ability to reach users and provide them with a superior experience is critical to our success. If our efforts to combat these malicious applications are unsuccessful, or if our
products and services have actual or perceived vulnerabilities, our reputation may be harmed and our user traffic could decline, which would damage our business. 

Proprietary document formats may limit the effectiveness of our search technology by preventing our technology from accessing the content of documents in such formats, which could limit the effectiveness of our
products and services. 

A large amount of information on the internet is provided in proprietary document formats such as Microsoft
Word. The providers of the software application used to create these documents could engineer the document format to prevent or interfere with our ability to access the document contents with our search technology. This would mean that the document
contents would not be included in our search results even if the contents were directly relevant to a search. The software providers may also seek to require us to pay them royalties in exchange for giving us the ability to search documents in their
format. If the software provider also competes with us in the search business, they may give their search technology a preferential ability to search documents in their proprietary format. Any of these results could harm our brand and our operating
results. 

New technologies could block our ads, which would harm our business. 

Technologies have been developed that can block the display of our ads. Most of our revenues are derived from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection
with the display of ads on web pages. As a result, ad-blocking technology could adversely affect our operating results. 

If we fail
to detect click fraud or other invalid clicks, we could face additional litigation as well as lose the confidence of our advertisers, which would cause our business to suffer. 

We are exposed to the risk of fraudulent clicks and other invalid clicks on our ads from a variety of potential sources. We have regularly refunded fees
that our advertisers have paid to us that were later attributed to click fraud and other invalid clicks, and we expect to do so in the future. Invalid clicks are clicks that we have determined are not intended by the user to link to the underlying
content, such as inadvertent clicks on the same ad twice and clicks resulting from click fraud. Click fraud occurs when a user intentionally clicks on a Google AdWords ad displayed on a web site for a reason other than to view the underlying
content. If we are unable to stop these invalid clicks, these refunds may increase. If we find new evidence of past invalid clicks we may issue refunds retroactively of amounts previously paid to our Google Network members. This would negatively
affect our profitability, and these invalid clicks could hurt our brand. If invalid clicks are not detected, the affected advertisers may experience a reduced return on their investment in our advertising programs 

25 

Table of Contents

because the invalid clicks will not lead to potential revenue for the advertisers. This could lead the advertisers to become dissatisfied with our
advertising programs, which has led to litigation alleging click fraud and could lead to further litigation, as well as to a loss of advertisers and revenues. 

Index spammers could harm the integrity of our web search results, which could damage our reputation and cause our users to be dissatisfied with our products and services. 

There is an ongoing and increasing effort by “index spammers” to develop ways to manipulate our web search results. For example, because our web
search technology ranks a web page’s relevance based in part on the importance of the web sites that link to it, people have attempted to link a group of web sites together to manipulate web search results. We take this problem very seriously
because providing relevant information to users is critical to our success. If our efforts to combat these and other types of index spamming are unsuccessful, our reputation for delivering relevant information could be diminished. This could result
in a decline in user traffic, which would damage our business. 

If we were to lose the services of Eric, Larry, Sergey or other
members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 

Our future success depends in a large
part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. In particular, our CEO, Eric Schmidt, and our founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, are critical to the overall management of Google as well as the development of our
technology, our culture and our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of any of our management or key personnel could
seriously harm our business. 

We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire
qualified personnel or maintain our corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance largely depends on
the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for
qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. In addition, our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and
retaining and motivating our existing employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

In addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity and teamwork. As our organization grows, and we are required to
implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. This could negatively impact our future success. 

We have a short operating history and a relatively new business model in an emerging and rapidly evolving market. This makes it difficult to
evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not continue to be successful. 

We first derived revenue from
our online search business in 1999 and from our advertising services in 2000, and we have only a short operating history with our cost-per-click advertising model, which we launched in 2002 and our cost-per-impression advertising model which we
launched in the second quarter of 2005. As a result, we have only a short operating history to aid in assessing our future prospects. Also, we derive nearly all of our revenues from online advertising, which is an immature industry that has
undergone rapid and dramatic changes in its short history. We will encounter risks and difficulties as a company operating in a new and rapidly evolving market. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could
materially harm our business and operating results. 

26 

Table of Contents

We may have difficulty scaling and adapting our existing architecture to accommodate increased
traffic and technology advances or changing business requirements, which could lead to the loss of users, advertisers and Google Network members, and cause us to incur expenses to make architectural changes. 

To be successful, our network infrastructure has to perform well and be reliable. The greater the user traffic and the greater the complexity of our
products and services, the more computing power we will need. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on the purchase and lease of data centers and equipment and the upgrade of our technology and network infrastructure to
handle increased traffic on our web sites and to roll out new products and services. This expansion is expensive and complex and could result in inefficiencies or operational failures. If we do not expand successfully, or if we experience
inefficiencies and operational failures, the quality of our products and services and our users’ experience could decline. This could damage our reputation and lead us to lose current and potential users, advertisers and Google Network members.
Cost increases, loss of traffic or failure to accommodate new technologies or changing business requirements could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

We rely on bandwidth providers, data centers and others in providing products and services to our users, and any failure or interruption in the services and products provided by these third parties could damage
our reputation and harm our ability to operate our business. 

We rely on vendors, including data center and bandwidth providers in
providing products and services to our users. Any disruption in the network access or colocation services provided by these providers or any failure of these providers to handle current or higher volumes of use could significantly harm our business.
Any financial or other difficulties our providers face may have negative effects on our business. We exercise little control over these vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. We license technology and
related databases to facilitate aspects of our data center and connectivity operations including internet traffic management services. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience interruptions and delays in service and availability for
such elements. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays in connection with these technologies and information services could harm our relationship with users, adversely affect our brand and expose us to liabilities. 

Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade
or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. 

Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant and
increasing market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies and mobile communications companies. Some of these providers have stated that they may take measures that could
degrade, disrupt or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our
offerings. These activities may be permitted in the U.S. after recent regulatory changes, including recent decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court and Federal Communications Commission. While interference with access to our popular products and services
seems unlikely, such carrier interference could result in a loss of existing users and advertisers and increased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenue and growth. 

Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and
services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. 

The availability of our products and services depends
on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Any damage to or failure of our systems could result in interruptions in our service, which could reduce our revenues and profits, and damage our brand. Our
systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks or other attempts to harm our systems. Some of our
data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism, and to 

27 

Table of Contents

potential disruptions if the operators of these facilities have financial difficulties. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster
recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision to close a facility we are using without adequate notice for financial reasons or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result
in lengthy interruptions in our service. 

Our business depends on increasing use of the internet by users searching for information,
advertisers marketing products and services and web sites seeking to earn revenue to support their web content. If the internet infrastructure does not grow and is not maintained to support these activities, our business will be harmed. 

Our success will depend on the continued growth and maintenance of the internet infrastructure. This includes maintenance of a reliable
network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity and security for providing reliable internet services. Internet infrastructure may be unable to support the demands placed on it if the number of internet users continues to increase, or if
existing or future internet users access the internet more often or increase their bandwidth requirements. In addition, viruses, worms and similar programs may harm the performance of the internet. The internet has experienced a variety of outages
and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure, and could face outages and delays in the future. These outages and delays could reduce the level of internet usage as well as our ability to provide our solutions. 

Payments to certain of our Google Network members have exceeded the related fees we receive from our advertisers. 

We are obligated under certain agreements to make non-cancelable guaranteed minimum revenue share payments to Google Network members based on their
achieving defined performance terms, such as number of search queries or advertisements displayed. In these agreements, we promise to make these minimum payments to the Google Network member for a pre-negotiated period of time. At December 31,
2008, our aggregate outstanding non-cancelable guaranteed minimum revenue share commitments totaled $1.03 billion through 2012 compared to $1.75 billion at December 31, 2007. It is difficult to forecast with certainty the fees that we will earn
under agreements with guarantees, and sometimes the fees we earn fall short of the guaranteed minimum payment amounts. 

We rely on
outside providers for our worldwide billing, collection, payment processing and payroll. If these outside service providers are not able to fulfill their service obligations, our business and operations could be disrupted, and our operating results
could be harmed. 

Outside providers perform various functions for us, such as worldwide billing, collection, payment processing and
payroll. These functions are critical to our operations and involve sensitive interactions between us and our advertisers, partners (e.g., Google Network members) and employees. Although we have implemented service level agreements and have
established monitoring controls, if we do not successfully manage our service providers or if the service providers do not perform satisfactorily to agreed-upon service levels, our operations could be disrupted resulting in advertiser, partner or
employee dissatisfaction. In addition, our business, reputation and operating results could be adversely affected. 

To the extent our
revenues are paid in foreign currencies, and currency exchange rates become unfavorable, we may lose some of the economic value of the revenues in U.S. dollar terms. 

As we expand our international operations, more of our customers may pay us in foreign currencies. Conducting business in currencies other than U.S.
dollars subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. If the currency exchange rates were to change unfavorably, the value of net receivables we receive in foreign currencies and later convert to U.S. dollars after the unfavorable change
would be diminished. This could have a negative impact on our reported operating results. Hedging strategies, such as forward contracts, options and foreign exchange swaps related to transaction exposures, that we have implemented or may implement
to mitigate this risk may not reduce or completely offset our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Additionally, hedging programs expose us to risks that could adversely affect our financial results, including the following: 

•

 We have limited experience in implementing or operating hedging programs. Hedging programs are inherently risky and we could lose money as a result of poor trades.

28 

Table of Contents

•

 We may be unable to hedge currency risk for some transactions or match the accounting for the hedge with the exposure because of a high level of uncertainty or the
inability to reasonably estimate our foreign exchange exposures. 

•

 We may be unable to acquire foreign exchange hedging instruments in some of the geographic areas where we do business, or, where these derivatives are available, we
may not be able to acquire enough of them to fully offset our exposure. 

•

 We may determine that the cost of acquiring a foreign exchange hedging instrument outweighs the benefit we expect to derive from the derivative, in which case we
would not purchase the derivative and would be exposed to unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates. 

•

 To the extent we recognize a gain on a hedge transaction in one of our subsidiaries that is subject to a high statutory tax rate, our effective tax rate may be
higher. 

•

 Significant fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could greatly increase our hedging costs. 

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities. 

Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and
higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, as a result of gains on our foreign exchange hedging program, or changes in tax laws,
regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof. Our determination of our tax liability is always subject to review by applicable tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such a review could have a negative effect on our operating
results and financial condition. In addition, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax
determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for
which such determination is made. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The trading price for our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 

The trading price of our Class A common stock has been volatile since our initial public offering and will likely continue to be volatile. The
trading price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 

•

 Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors. 

•

 Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments.

•

 Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates. 

•

 Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our policy not to give guidance on
earnings. 

•

 Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations. 

•

 The volume of shares of Class A common stock available for public sale. 

•

 Sales of stock by us or by our stockholders. 

•

 Short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock (including derivative transactions under our Transferable Stock
Option (TSO) program). 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular,
have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of 

29 

Table of Contents

those companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our actual
operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company’s securities, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if
instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. 

We do not
intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our capital stock. We currently
intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The concentration of our
capital stock ownership with our founders, executive officers and our directors and their affiliates will limit our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters. 

Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of December 31, 2008, our founders,
executive officers and directors (and their affiliates) together owned shares of Class A common stock, Class B common stock and other equity interests representing approximately 71% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. In
particular, as of December 31, 2008, our two founders and our CEO, Larry, Sergey and Eric, owned approximately 90% of our outstanding Class B common stock, representing approximately 68% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock.
Larry, Sergey and Eric therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale
of our company or its assets, for the foreseeable future. This concentrated control limits our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a
result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 

Provisions in our charter documents and under
Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following: 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure. As a result of this structure our founders, executives and employees have
significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentrated control could
discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 

•

 Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of
a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors. 

•

 Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain
actions without holding a stockholders’ meeting. 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director
candidates. 

•

 Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a
stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.

•

 Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it
possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

30 

Table of Contents

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under
Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the
transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.