Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

We face significant competition from Microsoft and Yahoo. 

We face formidable competition in every aspect of our business, and particularly from other companies that seek to connect people with information on the
web and provide them with relevant advertising. Currently, we consider our primary competitors to be Microsoft Corporation and Yahoo! Inc. Microsoft has developed features that make web search a more integrated part of its Windows operating system
and other desktop software products. We expect that Microsoft will increasingly use its financial and engineering resources to compete with us and Microsoft has more employees and cash resources than we do. Also, both Microsoft and Yahoo have longer
operating histories and more established relationships with customers and end users. They can use their experience and resources against us in a variety of competitive ways, including by making acquisitions, investing more aggressively in research
and development and competing more aggressively for advertisers and web sites. Microsoft and Yahoo also may have a greater ability to attract and retain users than we do because they operate internet portals with a broad range of content products
and services. If Microsoft or Yahoo are successful in providing similar or better web search results, more relevant advertisements or in leveraging their platforms or products to make their web search or advertiser services easier to access, we
could experience a significant decline in user traffic or in the size of the Google Network. Any such decline could negatively affect our revenues. 

We face competition from other internet companies, including web search providers, internet access providers, internet advertising companies and destination web sites that may also bundle their services with internet access.

In addition to Microsoft and Yahoo, we face competition from other web search providers, including start-ups as well as developed
companies that are enhancing or developing search technologies. We compete with internet advertising companies, particularly in the areas of pay-for-performance and keyword-targeted internet advertising. Also, we may compete with companies that sell
products and services online because these companies, like us, are trying to attract users to their web sites to search for information about products and services. We also provide a number of online products and services, including Google Checkout,
YouTube and our communications tools such as Google Docs and Spreadsheets, that compete directly with new and established companies that offer communication, information and entertainment services integrated into their products or media properties.

We also compete with destination web sites that seek to increase their search-related traffic. These destination web sites may include
those operated by internet access providers, such as cable and DSL service providers. Because our users need to access our services through internet access providers, they have direct relationships with these providers. If an access provider or a
computer or computing device manufacturer offers online services that compete with ours, the user may find it more convenient to use the services of the access provider or manufacturer. In addition, the access provider or manufacturer may make it
hard to access our services by not listing them in the access provider’s or manufacturer’s own menu of offerings, or may charge users to access our web sites or the web sites of our Google Network members. Also, because the access provider
gathers information from the user in connection with the establishment of a billing relationship, the access provider may be more effective than we are in tailoring services and advertisements to the specific tastes of the user. 

There has been a trend toward industry consolidation among our competitors, and so smaller competitors today may become larger competitors in the future.
If our competitors are more successful than we are at generating traffic, our revenues may decline. 

18 

Table of Contents

We face competition from traditional media companies, and we may not be included in the advertising
budgets of large advertisers, which could harm our operating results. 

In addition to internet companies, we face competition from
companies that offer traditional media advertising opportunities. Most large advertisers have set advertising budgets, a very small portion of which is allocated to internet advertising. We expect that large advertisers will continue to focus most
of their advertising efforts on traditional media. If we fail to convince these companies to spend a portion of their advertising budgets with us, or if our existing advertisers reduce the amount they spend on our programs, our operating results
would be harmed. 

We expect our revenue growth rate to decline and anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the
future. 

We expect that our revenue growth rate will decline over time and anticipate that there will be downward pressure on our
operating margin. We believe our revenue growth rate will generally decline as a result of increasing competition and the inevitable decline in growth rates as our revenues increase to higher levels. We believe our operating margin will experience
downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and increased expenditures for many aspects of our business. Our operating margin will also experience downward pressure if a greater percentage of our revenues comes from ads placed on our
Google Network members’ sites compared to revenues generated through ads placed on our own sites. The margin on revenue we generate from our Google Network members is significantly less than the margin on revenue we generate from advertising on
our web sites. Additionally, the margin we earn on revenue generated from our Google Network could decrease in the future if we pay an even larger percentage of advertising fees to our Google Network members. 

Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations.

Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As a result, comparing our
operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly, year-to-date and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ
significantly from our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors listed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and
the following factors may affect our operating results: 

•

 Our ability to continue to attract users to our web sites. 

•

 Our ability to monetize (or generate revenue from) traffic on our web sites and our Google Network members’ web sites. 

•

 Our ability to attract advertisers to our AdWords program. 

•

 Our ability to attract web sites to our AdSense program. 

•

 The mix in our revenues between those generated on our web sites and those generated through our Google Network. 

•

 The amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations and infrastructure.

•

 Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results. 

•

 The results of our investments in risky projects. 

•

 Our ability to keep our web sites operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions. 

•

 Our ability to achieve revenue goals for partners to whom we guarantee minimum payments or pay distribution fees. 

•

 Our ability to generate revenue from services in which we have invested considerable time and resources, such as YouTube, Gmail and orkut.

19 

Table of Contents

Because our business is changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you
in predicting our future operating results. In addition, advertising spending has historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting overall economic conditions as well as budgeting and buying patterns. For example, in 1999, advertisers spent heavily
on internet advertising. This was followed by a lengthy downturn in ad spending on the web. Also, user traffic tends to be seasonal. Our rapid growth has masked the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed, the
cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced and will cause our operating results to fluctuate in the future. 

If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain competitive, and our revenues and operating results could suffer. 

Our success depends on providing products and services that make using the internet a more useful and enjoyable experience for our users. Our competitors
are constantly developing innovations in web search, online advertising and web based products and services. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development in order to enhance our web search technology and
our existing products and services and introduce new products and services that people can easily and effectively use. If we are unable to provide quality products and services, then our users may become dissatisfied and move to a competitors’
products and services. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers and Google Network members, are not appropriately timed with market opportunities or are not effectively
brought to market. As search technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer search results that are, or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and
expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. 

We generate our revenue almost entirely from advertising, and the
reduction in spending by or loss of advertisers could seriously harm our business. 

We generated approximately 99% of our revenues
in 2006 from our advertisers. Our advertisers can generally terminate their contracts with us at any time. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us if their investment in advertising with us does not generate sales leads, and ultimately
customers, or if we do not deliver their advertisements in an appropriate and effective manner. If we are unable to remain competitive and provide value to our advertisers, they may stop placing ads with us, which would negatively harm our revenues
and business. 

We rely on our Google Network members for a significant portion of our revenues, and we benefit from our association
with them. The loss of these members could adversely affect our business. 

We provide advertising, web search and other services to
members of our Google Network, which accounted for 39% of our revenues in 2006. However, some of the participants in this network may compete with us in one or more areas. Therefore, they may decide in the future to terminate their agreements with
us. If our Google Network members decide to use a competitor’s or their own web search or advertising services, our revenues would decline. Our agreements with a few of the largest Google Network members account for a significant portion of
revenues derived from our AdSense program. In addition, advertising and other fees generated from one Google Network member, AOL, primarily through our AdSense program, accounted for approximately 7% of our revenues in 2006. In the first half of
2006, we entered into an arrangement with AOL and Time Warner under which we acquired a five percent indirect equity interest in AOL in exchange for $1 billion in cash and expanded our strategic alliance with AOL. If our relationship with AOL were
terminated or renegotiated on terms less favorable to us, our business could be adversely affected. 

Also, certain of our key network
members operate high-profile web sites, and we derive tangible and intangible benefits from this affiliation. If one or more of these key relationships is terminated or not renewed, and is not replaced with a comparable relationship, our business
would be adversely affected. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our business and operations are experiencing rapid growth. If we fail to effectively manage our
growth, our business and operating results could be harmed. 

We have experienced, and continue to experience, rapid growth in our
headcount and operations, which has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management, operational and financial infrastructure. If we do not effectively manage our growth, the quality of our products and services could
suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and operating results. Our expansion and growth in international markets heightens these risks as a result of the particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of
multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems and commercial infrastructures. To effectively manage this growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management
controls and our reporting systems and procedures. These systems enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt our ability to manage our
growth and our financial position. 

Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain and enhance our brand would hurt
our ability to expand our base of users, advertisers and Google Network members. 

The brand identity that we have developed has
significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the “Google” brand is critical to expanding our base of users, advertisers, Google Network members, and other partners. We believe that the importance of
brand recognition will increase due to the relatively low barriers to entry in the internet market. If we fail to maintain and enhance the “Google” brand, or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, operating results
and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to be a technology leader and to continue to provide high-quality products and services, which we may not do
successfully. 

Acquisitions could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences. 

We do not have a great deal of experience acquiring companies and the companies we have acquired have typically been small. We frequently evaluate and
enter into discussions regarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions. Any of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the process of integrating an acquired company,
business or technology may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and is risky. The areas where we may face risks include: 

•

 Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures and policies at the acquired company. 

•

 Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges. 

•

 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization. 

•

 Retention of employees from the businesses we acquire. 

•

 Integration of each company’s accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems. 

Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of operations across different
cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

Future acquisitions or dispositions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial
condition. Future acquisitions may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Also, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions 

21 

Table of Contents

may not materialize. For example, we have yet to realize significant revenue benefits from our acquisitions of dMarc Broadcasting (Audio Ads) and YouTube.

Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the
innovation, creativity and teamwork fostered by our culture, and our business may be harmed. 

We believe that a critical contributor
to our success has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation, creativity and teamwork. As our organization grows, and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly
difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. This could negatively impact our future success. 

Our
intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brand. 

Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside of our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and
services. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our
proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming.
Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm our operating results. 

Although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. In addition, given the costs of obtaining patent protection, we may choose not to protect certain
innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable.

We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google” could become so commonly
used that it becomes synonymous with the word “search.” If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word “Google” to refer to their own products, thus diminishing our
brand. 

We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy could be compromised by outside parties, or
intentionally or accidentally by our employees, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. 

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property rights claims, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future. 

Companies in the internet, technology and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter
into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we grow, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us increases. Our products, services and technologies may not be
able to withstand any third-party claims and regardless of the merits of the claim, any intellectual property claims could be time-consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. In addition, if any claims against us are successful, we may have to
pay substantial monetary damages or discontinue any of our services or practices that are found to be in violation of another party’s rights. We also may have to seek a license to continue such practices, which may significantly increase our
operating expenses. In addition, many of our agreements with members of our Google Network and other partners require us to indemnify these members for certain third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase our costs as
a result of defending such claims and may require that we pay damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. 

22 

Table of Contents

Companies have filed trademark infringement and related claims against us over the display of ads in
response to user queries that include trademark terms. The outcomes of these lawsuits have differed from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Courts in France have held us liable for allowing advertisers to select certain trademarked terms as keywords. We
are appealing those decisions. We were also subject to two lawsuits in Germany on similar matters where the courts held that we are not liable for the actions of our advertisers prior to notification of trademark rights. We are litigating or have
recently litigated similar issues in other cases in the U.S., France, Germany, Israel, Italy and Austria. 

We have also had copyright
claims filed against us alleging that features of certain of our products and services, including Google Web Search, Google News, Google Video, Google Image Search, Google Book Search and YouTube, infringe their rights. Adverse results in these
lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements or orders preventing us from offering certain functionalities, and may also result in a change in our business practices, which could result in a
loss of revenue for us or otherwise harm our business. In addition, any time one of our products or services links to or hosts material in which others allegedly own copyrights, we face the risk of being sued for copyright infringement or related
claims. Because these products and services comprise the majority of our products and services, the risk of harm from such lawsuits could be substantial. 

Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and services. 

From time to time, concerns have been expressed about whether our products and services compromise the privacy of users and others. Concerns about our
practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure or security of personal information or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and operating results. While we strive to comply with all applicable data
protection laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy policies, any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or others, which could potentially have an adverse affect
on our business. 

In addition, as nearly all of our products and services are web based, the amount of data we store for our users on our
servers (including personal information) has been increasing. Any systems failure or compromise of our security that results in the release of our users’ data could seriously limit the adoption of our products and services as well as harm our
reputation and brand and, therefore, our business. We may also need to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches. The risk that these types of events could seriously harm our business is likely to increase as we expand the
number of web based products and services we offer as well as increase the number of countries where we operate. 

A large number of
legislative proposals pending before the United States Congress, various state legislative bodies and foreign governments concern data protection. In addition, the interpretation and application of data protection laws in Europe and elsewhere are
still uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we
change our data practices, which could have a material effect on our business. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws that could subject us to claims or other remedies based on the nature
and content of the information searched or displayed by our products and services. 

The laws relating to the liability of providers
of online services are currently unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad. Claims have been threatened and filed under both U.S. and foreign law for defamation, libel, invasion of privacy and other data protection claims, tort, unlawful activity,
copyright or trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched and the ads posted by our users, our products and services, or content generated by our users. 

23 

Table of Contents

In addition, compliance with these laws is complex and may impose significant additional costs on us. For
example, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act has provisions that limit, but do not necessarily eliminate, our liability for listing or linking to third-party web sites that include materials that infringe copyrights or other rights, so long as we
comply with the statutory requirements of this act. The Children’s Online Protection Act and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional
restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors. In addition, the Protection of Children from Sexual Predators Act of 1998 requires online service providers to report evidence of violations of federal child
pornography laws under certain circumstances. Any failure on our part to comply with these regulations may subject us to additional liabilities. 

Our international operations are subject to increased risks which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Although we only opened our first office outside the U.S. in 2001, international revenues accounted for approximately 43% of our total revenues in 2006 and more than half of our user traffic came from outside the U.S.
during this period. We have only limited experience with operations outside the U.S. and our ability to manage our business and conduct our operations internationally requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to a
number of risks, including the following: 

•

 Challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences and by doing business with foreign agencies and governments. 

•

 Difficulties in developing products and services in different languages and for different cultures. 

•

 Longer payment cycles in some countries. 

•

 Credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud. 

•

 Currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

•

 Foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S. 

•

 Import and export requirements that may prevent us from shipping products or providing services to a particular market and may increase our operating costs.

•

 Political and economic instability. 

•

 Potentially adverse tax consequences. 

•

 Higher costs associated with doing business internationally. 

In addition, compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases our cost of doing business in international jurisdictions and could expose us to fines
and penalties. These laws and regulations include import and export requirements, U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials. Although we have implemented policies and
procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate our policies. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and
services to one or more countries, and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our business and our operating results. 

We compete internationally with local information providers and with U.S. competitors who are currently more successful than we are in various
markets, and if we fail to compete effectively in international markets, our business will be harmed. 

We face different market
characteristics and competition outside the U.S. In certain markets, other web search, advertising services and internet companies have greater brand recognition, more users and more search traffic than we have. Even in countries where we have a
significant user following, we may not be as successful 

24 

Table of Contents

in generating advertising revenue due to slower market development, our inability to provide attractive local advertising services or other factors. In order
to compete, we need to improve our brand recognition and our selling efforts internationally and build stronger relationships with advertisers. We also need to better understand our international users and their preferences. If we fail to do so, our
global expansion efforts may be more costly and less profitable than we expect. 

Our business may be adversely affected by malicious
applications that interfere with, or exploit security flaws in, our products and services. 

Our business may be adversely affected
by malicious applications that make changes to our users’ computers and interfere with the Google experience. These applications have in the past attempted, and may in the future attempt, to change our users’ internet experience, including
hijacking queries to Google.com, altering or replacing Google search results, or otherwise interfering with our ability to connect with our users. The interference often occurs without disclosure to or consent from users, resulting in a negative
experience that users may associate with Google. These applications may be difficult or impossible to uninstall or disable, may reinstall themselves and may circumvent other applications’ efforts to block or remove them. In addition, we offer a
number of products and services that our users download to their computers or that they rely on to store information and transmit information to others over the internet. These products and services are subject to attack by viruses, worms and other
malicious software programs, which could jeopardize the security of information stored in a user’s computer or in our computer systems and networks. The ability to reach users and provide them with a superior experience is critical to our
success. If our efforts to combat these malicious applications are unsuccessful, or if our products and services have actual or perceived vulnerabilities, our reputation may be harmed and our user traffic could decline, which would damage our
business. 

Proprietary document formats may limit the effectiveness of our search technology by preventing our technology from
accessing the content of documents in such formats, which could limit the effectiveness of our products and services. 

A large
amount of information on the internet is provided in proprietary document formats such as Microsoft Word. The providers of the software application used to create these documents could engineer the document format to prevent or interfere with our
ability to access the document contents with our search technology. This would mean that the document contents would not be included in our search results even if the contents were directly relevant to a search. The software providers may also seek
to require us to pay them royalties in exchange for giving us the ability to search documents in their format. If the software provider also competes with us in the search business, they may give their search technology a preferential ability to
search documents in their proprietary format. Any of these results could harm our brand and our operating results. 

New technologies
could block our ads, which would harm our business. 

Technologies may be developed that can block the display of our ads. Most of
our revenues are derived from fees paid to us by advertisers in connection with the display of ads on web pages. As a result, ad-blocking technology could, in the future, adversely affect our operating results. 

If we fail to detect click fraud or other invalid clicks, we could face potential litigation as well as lose the confidence of our advertisers,
which would cause our business to suffer. 

We are exposed to the risk of fraudulent clicks and other invalid clicks on our ads from
a variety of potential sources. We have regularly refunded fees that our advertisers have paid to us that were later attributed to click fraud and other invalid clicks, and we expect to do so in the future. Invalid clicks are clicks that we have
determined are not intended by the user to link to the underlying content, such as inadvertent clicks on the same ad twice and clicks resulting from click fraud. Click fraud occurs when a user intentionally clicks on a Google AdWords ad displayed on
a web site for a reason other than to view the underlying content. If we are 

25 

Table of Contents

unable to stop these invalid clicks, these refunds may increase. If we find new evidence of past invalid clicks we may issue refunds retroactively of amounts
previously paid to our Google Network members. This would negatively affect our profitability, and these invalid clicks could hurt our brand. If invalid clicks are not detected, the affected advertisers may experience a reduced return on their
investment in our advertising programs because the invalid clicks will not lead to potential revenue for the advertisers. This could lead the advertisers to become dissatisfied with our advertising programs, which has led to litigation alleging
click fraud and could lead to further litigation, as well as potentially leading to a loss of advertisers and revenues. 

Index
spammers could harm the integrity of our web search results, which could damage our reputation and cause our users to be dissatisfied with our products and services. 

There is an ongoing and increasing effort by “index spammers” to develop ways to manipulate our web search results. For example, because our web
search technology ranks a web page’s relevance based in part on the importance of the web sites that link to it, people have attempted to link a group of web sites together to manipulate web search results. We take this problem very seriously
because providing relevant information to users is critical to our success. If our efforts to combat these and other types of index spamming are unsuccessful, our reputation for delivering relevant information could be diminished. This could result
in a decline in user traffic, which would damage our business. 

If we were to lose the services of Eric, Larry, Sergey or other
members of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 

Our future success depends in a large
part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. In particular, our CEO Eric Schmidt and our founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin are critical to the overall management of Google as well as the development of our
technology, our culture and our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of any of our management or key personnel could
seriously harm our business. 

We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire
qualified personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly
skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and
certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

We have in the past maintained a rigorous, highly selective and time-consuming hiring process. We believe that our approach to hiring has significantly
contributed to our success to date. As we grow, our hiring process may prevent us from hiring the personnel we need in a timely manner. In addition, as we become a more mature company, we may find our recruiting efforts more challenging. The
incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees provided by our option grants may not be as effective as in the past. In addition, our other current and future compensation arrangements, which include cash bonuses and restricted stock units,
may not be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or retaining or motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively.

26 

Table of Contents

We have a short operating history and a relatively new business model in an emerging and rapidly
evolving market. This makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not continue to be successful. 

We first derived revenue from our online search business in 1999 and from our advertising services in 2000, and we have only a short operating history with our cost-per-click advertising model, which we launched in
2002 and our cost-per-impression advertising model which we launched in the second quarter of 2005. As a result, we have very little operating history to aid in assessing our future prospects. Also, we derive nearly all of our revenues from online
advertising, which is an immature industry that has undergone rapid and dramatic changes in its short history. We will encounter risks and difficulties as an early-stage company in a new and rapidly evolving market. We may not be able to
successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could materially harm our business and operating results. 

We may have
difficulty scaling and adapting our existing architecture to accommodate increased traffic and technology advances or changing business requirements, which could lead to the loss of users, advertisers and Google Network members, and cause us to
incur expenses to make architectural changes. 

To be successful, our network infrastructure has to perform well and be reliable. The
greater the user traffic and the greater the complexity of our products and services, the more computing power we will need. We have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on the purchase and lease of data centers and equipment
and the upgrade of our technology and network infrastructure to handle increased traffic on our web sites and to roll out new products and services. This expansion is expensive and complex and could result in inefficiencies or operational failures.
If we do not expand successfully, or if we experience inefficiencies and operational failures, the quality of our products and services and our users’ experience could decline. This could damage our reputation and lead us to lose current and
potential users, advertisers and Google Network members. Cost increases, loss of traffic or failure to accommodate new technologies or changing business requirements could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

We rely on bandwidth providers, data centers or others in providing products and services to our users, and any failure or interruption in the
services and products provided by these third parties could harm our ability to operate our business and damage our reputation. 

We
rely on vendors, including data center and bandwidth providers. Any disruption in the network access or colocation services provided by these providers or any failure of these providers to handle current or higher volumes of use could significantly
harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties our providers face may have negative effects on our business. We exercise little control over these vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. We
license technology and related databases to facilitate aspects of our data center and connectivity operations including internet traffic management services. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience interruptions and delays in
service and availability for such elements. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays in connection with these technologies and information services could harm our relationship with users, adversely affect our brand and expose us to liabilities.

Our systems are also heavily reliant on the availability of electricity. If we were to experience a major power outage, we would have to
rely on back-up generators. These back-up generators may not operate properly and their fuel supply could be inadequate during a major power outage. This could result in a disruption of our business. 

Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may be able to block, degrade
or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. 

Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that 

27 

Table of Contents

have significant and increasing market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies and
mobile communications companies. Some of these providers have stated that they may take measures that could degrade, disrupt or increase the cost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure
to support or facilitate our offerings, or by charging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. These activities may be permitted in the U.S. after recent regulatory changes, including recent decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court
and Federal Communications Commission and under legislation being considered by the U.S. Congress. While interference with access to our popular products and services seems unlikely, such carrier interference could result in a loss of existing users
and advertisers, increased costs, and impair our ability to attract new users and advertisers, thereby harming our revenue and growth. 

Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results.

The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications
systems. Any damage to or failure of our systems could result in interruptions in our service, which could reduce our revenues and profits, and damage our brand. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist
attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks or other attempts to harm our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes. Our
data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism, and to potential disruptions if the operators of these facilities have financial difficulties. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster
recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision to close a facility we are using without adequate notice for financial reasons or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result
in lengthy interruptions in our service. 

Our business depends on increasing use of the internet by users searching for information,
advertisers marketing products and services and web sites seeking to earn revenue to support their web content. If the internet infrastructure does not grow and is not maintained to support these activities, our business will be harmed.

Our success will depend on the continued growth and maintenance of the internet infrastructure. This includes maintenance of a
reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity and security for providing reliable internet services. Internet infrastructure may be unable to support the demands placed on it if the number of internet users continues to increase,
or if existing or future internet users access the internet more often or increase their bandwidth requirements. In addition, viruses, worms and similar programs may harm the performance of the internet. The internet has experienced a variety of
outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure, and could face outages and delays in the future. These outages and delays could reduce the level of internet usage as well as our ability to provide our solutions.

More individuals are using non-PC devices to access the internet, and versions of our web search technology developed for these
devices may not be widely adopted by users of these devices. 

The number of people who access the internet through devices other
than personal computers, including mobile telephones, hand-held calendaring and email assistants, and television set-top devices, has increased dramatically in the past few years. The lower resolution, functionality and memory associated with
alternative devices make the use of our products and services through such devices more difficult. If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial number of alternative device users to our web search services or if we are slow to develop
products and technologies that are more compatible with non-PC communications devices, we will fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly important portion of the market for online services. 

28 

Table of Contents

Payments to certain of our Google Network members have exceeded the related fees we receive from
our advertisers. 

We are obligated under certain agreements to make non-cancelable guaranteed minimum revenue share payments to
Google Network members based on their achieving defined performance terms, such as number of search queries or advertisements displayed. In these agreements, we promise to make these minimum payments to the Google Network member for a pre-negotiated
period of time. At December 31, 2006, our aggregate outstanding non-cancelable guaranteed minimum revenue share commitments totaled $1.17 billion through 2010 compared to $234.3 million at December 31, 2005. These amounts include our
obligation under our August 2006 agreement with News Corporation’s Fox Interactive Media to make guaranteed minimum revenue share payments of $900 million based on Fox Interactive Media achieving certain traffic and other commitments. See the
disclosure under “Contractual Obligations” in Part I, Item 2 of this report for additional information regarding our contractual obligations. It is difficult to forecast with certainty the fees that we will earn under agreements with
guarantees, and sometimes the fees we earn fall short of the guaranteed minimum revenue share payment amounts. 

We rely on outside
providers for our worldwide billing, collection, payment processing and payroll. If these outside service providers are not able to fulfill their service obligations, our business and operations could be disrupted, and our operating results could be
harmed. 

Outside providers perform various functions for us, such as worldwide billing, collection, payment processing and payroll.
These functions are critical to our operations and involve sensitive interactions between us and our advertisers, partners (e.g., Google Network members) and employees. While we have implemented service level agreements and have established
monitoring controls, however if we do not successfully manage our service providers or if the service providers do not perform satisfactorily to agreed upon service levels, our operations could be disrupted resulting in advertiser, partner or
employee dissatisfaction. In addition, our business, reputation and operating results could be adversely affected. 

To the extent our
revenues are paid in foreign currencies, and currency exchange rates become unfavorable, we may lose some of the economic value of the revenues in U.S. dollar terms. 

As we expand our international operations, more of our customers may pay us in foreign currencies. Conducting business in currencies other than U.S.
dollars subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. If the currency exchange rates were to change unfavorably, the value of net receivables we receive in foreign currencies and later convert to U.S. dollars after the unfavorable change
would be diminished. This could have a negative impact on our reported operating results. Hedging strategies, such as forward contracts, options and foreign exchange swaps related to transaction exposures, that we have implemented or may implement
to mitigate this risk may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations. Additionally, hedging programs expose us to risks that could adversely affect our operating results, including the following: 

•

 We have limited experience in implementing or operating hedging programs. Hedging programs are inherently risky and we could lose money as a result of poor trades.

•

 We may be unable to hedge currency risk for some transactions because of a high level of uncertainty or the inability to reasonably estimate our foreign exchange
exposures. 

•

 We may be unable to acquire foreign exchange hedging instruments in some of the geographic areas where we do business, or, where these derivatives are available, we
may not be able to acquire enough of them to fully offset our exposure. 

We may have exposure to greater than
anticipated tax liabilities. 

Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in
jurisdictions where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have 

29 

Table of Contents

higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities or by changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles
or interpretations thereof. Our determination of our tax liability is always subject to review by applicable tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such a review could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. In
addition, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe
our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

The trading price for our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 

The trading price of
our Class A common stock has been volatile since our initial public offering and will likely continue to be volatile. The trading price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are
beyond our control. These factors include: 

•

 Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors. 

•

 Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments.

•

 Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates. 

•

 Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our policy not to give guidance on
earnings. 

•

 Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations. 

•

 The volume of shares of Class A common stock available for public sale. 

•

 Sales of stock by us or by our stockholders. 

•

 Short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock, activities that will likely increase after we make the
transferable stock option (TSO) program, which we announced in December 2006, available to our eligible employees. 

In
addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.
These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of
a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and
resources. 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect to pay any
dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The concentration of our capital stock ownership with our founders, executive officers and our
directors and their affiliates will limit our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters. 

Our Class B common stock
has ten votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of December 31, 2006, our founders, executive officers and directors (and their affiliates) together owned shares of Class A common stock, Class B common
stock and other equity interests representing approximately 

30 

Table of Contents

73% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. In particular, as of December 31, 2006, our two founders and our CEO, Larry, Sergey and Eric,
owned approximately 85% of our outstanding Class B common stock, including options to purchase Class B common stock, representing approximately 66% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Larry, Sergey and Eric therefore have
significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets, for the
foreseeable future. In addition, because of this dual class structure, our founders, directors, executives and employees will continue to be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval even if they come to own less than
50% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. This concentrated control limits our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the
market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 

Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware
law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws
may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following: 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure. As a result of this structure our founders, executives and employees have
significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentrated control could
discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 

•

 Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of
a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors. 

•

 Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain
actions without holding a stockholders’ meeting. 

•

 Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director
candidates. 

•

 Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a
stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.

•

 Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it
possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a
business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware
law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us.