Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

We face significant competition from Microsoft and Yahoo. 

We face formidable competition in every aspect of our business, and particularly from other companies that seek to connect people with information on the
web and provide them with relevant advertising. Currently, we consider our primary competitors to be Microsoft Corporation and Yahoo! Inc. Microsoft has announced plans to develop features that make web search a more integrated part of its Windows
operating system or other desktop software products. We expect that Microsoft will increasingly use its financial and engineering resources to compete with us. Both Microsoft and Yahoo have more employees than we do (in Microsoft’s case,
approximately 11 times as many). Microsoft also has significantly more cash resources than we do. Both of these companies also have longer operating histories and more established relationships with customers and end users. They can use their
experience and resources against us in a variety of competitive ways, including by making acquisitions, investing more aggressively in research and development and competing more aggressively for advertisers and web sites. Microsoft and Yahoo also
may have a greater ability to attract and retain users than we do because they operate Internet portals with a broad range of content products and services. If Microsoft or Yahoo are successful in providing similar or better web search results
compared to ours or leverage their platforms or products to make their web search services easier to access than ours, we could experience a significant decline in user traffic. Any such decline in traffic could negatively affect our revenues.

We face competition from other Internet companies, including web search providers, Internet access providers, Internet advertising
companies and destination web sites that may also bundle their services with Internet access. 

In addition to Microsoft and Yahoo,
we face competition from other web search providers, including companies that are not yet known to us. We compete with Internet advertising companies, particularly in the areas of pay-for-performance and keyword-targeted Internet advertising. Also,
we may compete with companies that sell products and services online because these companies, like us, are trying to attract users to their web sites to search for information about products and services. 

20 

Table of Contents

We also compete with destination web sites that seek to increase their search-related traffic. These
destination web sites may include those operated by Internet access providers, such as cable and DSL service providers. Because our users need to access our services through Internet access providers, they have direct relationships with these
providers. If an access provider or a computer or computing device manufacturer offers online services that compete with ours, the user may find it more convenient to use the services of the access provider or manufacturer. In addition, the access
provider or manufacturer may make it hard to access our services by not listing them in the access provider’s or manufacturer’s own menu of offerings, or may charge users to access our websites or the websites of our Google Network
members. Also, because the access provider gathers information from the user in connection with the establishment of a billing relationship, the access provider may be more effective than we are in tailoring services and advertisements to the
specific tastes of the user. 

There has been a trend toward industry consolidation among our competitors, and so smaller competitors today
may become larger competitors in the future. If our competitors are more successful than we are at generating traffic, our revenues may decline. 

We face competition from traditional media companies, and we may not be included in the advertising budgets of large advertisers, which could harm our operating results. 

In addition to Internet companies, we face competition from companies that offer traditional media advertising opportunities. Most large advertisers have
set advertising budgets, a very small portion of which is allocated to Internet advertising. We expect that large advertisers will continue to focus most of their advertising efforts on traditional media. If we fail to convince these companies to
spend a portion of their advertising budgets with us, or if our existing advertisers reduce the amount they spend on our programs, our operating results would be harmed. 

We expect our revenue growth rate to decline and anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. 

We expect that our revenue growth rate will decline over time and anticipate that there will be downward pressure on our operating margin. We believe our revenue growth rate will generally decline as a result of
increasing competition and the inevitable decline in growth rates as our revenues increase to higher levels. We believe our operating margin will experience downward pressure as a result of increasing competition and increased expenditures for many
aspects of our business. Our operating margin will also experience downward pressure to the extent the proportion of our revenues generated from our Google Network members increases. The margin on revenue we generate from our Google Network members
is significantly less than the margin on revenue we generate from advertising on our web sites. Additionally, the margin we earn on revenue generated from our Google Network could decrease in the future if our Google Network members demand a greater
portion of the advertising fees, which could be the result of increased competition for these members. 

Our operating results may
fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short of expectations. 

Our operating
results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control. For these reasons, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as
an indication of our future performance. Our quarterly and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may be significantly different from our historical or projected rates. Our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations.
Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors listed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, and the following factors, may affect our operating results: 

•

Our ability to continue to attract users to our web sites. 

•

Our ability to monetize (or generate revenue from) traffic on our web sites and our Google Network members’ web sites. 

•

Our ability to attract advertisers to our AdWords program. 

21 

Table of Contents

•

Our ability to attract web sites to our AdSense program. 

•

The mix in our revenues between those generated on our web sites and those generated through our Google Network. 

•

The amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our businesses, operations and infrastructure.

•

Our focus on long term goals over short term results. 

•

The results of our investments in risky projects. 

•

Payments made in connection with the resolution of litigation matters. 

•

General economic conditions and those economic conditions specific to the Internet and Internet advertising. 

•

Our ability to keep our web sites operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions. 

•

Our ability to forecast revenue from agreements under which we guarantee minimum payments. 

•

Geopolitical events such as war, threat of war or terrorist actions. 

Because our business is changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in predicting our future operating results. In addition, advertising spending has historically been cyclical in
nature, reflecting overall economic conditions as well as budgeting and buying patterns. For example, in 1999, advertisers spent heavily on Internet advertising. This was followed by a lengthy downturn in ad spending on the web. Also, user traffic
tends to be seasonal. Our rapid growth has masked the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality and seasonality in our business has become more pronounced and may cause our operating results to
fluctuate. 

If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we may not remain
competitive, and our revenues and operating results could suffer. 

Our success depends on providing products and services that
people use for a high quality Internet experience. Our competitors are constantly developing innovations in web search, online advertising and providing information to people. As a result, we must continue to invest significant resources in research
and development in order to enhance our web search technology and our existing products and services and introduce new high-quality products and services that people can easily and effectively use. If we are unable to ensure that our users and
customers have a high quality experience with our products and services, then they may become dissatisfied and move to competitors’ products and services. In addition, if we are unable to predict user preferences or industry changes, or if we
are unable to modify our products and services on a timely basis, we may lose users, advertisers and Google Network members. Our operating results would also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers and
Google Network members, are not appropriately timed with market opportunity or are not effectively brought to market. As search technology continues to develop, our competitors may be able to offer search results that are, or that are perceived to
be, substantially similar or better than those generated by our search services. This may force us to compete in different ways with our competitors and to expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. 

We generate our revenue almost entirely from advertising, and the reduction in spending by or loss of advertisers could seriously harm our
business. 

We generated approximately 99% of our revenues in 2005 from our advertisers. Our advertisers can generally terminate
their contracts with us at any time. Advertisers will not continue to do business with us if their investment in advertising with us does not generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, or if we do not deliver their advertisements in an
appropriate and effective manner. If we are unable to remain competitive and provide value to our advertisers, they may stop placing ads with us, which would negatively affect our revenues and business. 

22 

Table of Contents

We rely on our Google Network members for a significant portion of our revenues, and we benefit
from our association with them. The loss of these members could adversely affect our business. 

We provide advertising, web search
and other services to members of our Google Network. The revenues generated from the fees advertisers pay us when users click on ads that we have delivered to our Google Network members’ web sites or as ads are displayed represented 44% of our
revenues in 2005. We consider this network to be critical to the future growth of our revenues. However, some of the participants in this network may compete with us in one or more areas. Therefore, they may decide in the future to terminate their
agreements with us. If our Google Network members decide to use a competitor’s or their own web search or advertising services, our revenues would decline. 

Our agreements with a few of the largest Google Network members account for a significant portion of revenues derived from our AdSense program. In addition, advertising and other fees generated from one Google Network
member, AOL, primarily through our AdSense program, accounted for approximately 9% of our revenues in 2005. On December 20, 2005, AOL, Google and Time Warner entered into a letter agreement under which Google will acquire a five percent
indirect equity interest in AOL in exchange for $1 billion in cash, and AOL and Google will expand their strategic alliance. If our relationship with AOL were terminated or renegotiated on terms less favorable to us, our business could be adversely
affected. 

Also, certain of our key network members operate high-profile web sites, and we derive tangible and intangible benefits from
this affiliation. If one or more of these key relationships is terminated or not renewed, and is not replaced with a comparable relationship, our business would be adversely affected. 

Our business and operations are experiencing rapid growth. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and operating results could be
harmed and we may have to incur significant expenditures to address the additional operational and control requirements of this growth. 

We have experienced, and continue to experience, rapid growth in our headcount and operations, which has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our management, operational and financial infrastructure. If we do not
effectively manage our growth, the quality of our products and services could suffer, which could negatively affect our brand and operating results. Our expansion and growth in international markets heightens these risks as a result of the
particular challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple languages, cultures, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, regulatory systems and commercial infrastructures. To effectively manage this
growth, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. These systems enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and allocation of
valuable management resources. If the improvements are not implemented successfully, our ability to manage our growth will be impaired and we may have to make significant additional expenditures to address these issues, which could harm our
financial position. The required improvements include: 

•

Enhancing our information and communication systems to ensure that our offices around the world are well coordinated and that we can effectively communicate with our growing base of
users, advertisers and Google Network members. 

•

Enhancing systems of internal controls to ensure timely and accurate reporting of all of our operations. 

•

Ensuring enhancements to our systems of internal controls are scalable to our anticipated growth in headcount and operations. 

•

Standardizing systems of internal controls and ensuring they are consistently applied at each of our operations around the world. 

•

Improving our information technology infrastructure to maintain the effectiveness of our search and ad systems. 

23 

Table of Contents

We are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of
the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, and any adverse results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have furnished a report in Item 9A of this Form 10-K by our management
on our internal control over financial reporting. This report contains, among other matters, our conclusion that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2005 and a statement that our auditors have issued
an attestation report on management’s assessment of such internal controls. 

Although we have concluded that our internal controls
over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2005, there can be no assurances that we will reach the same conclusion at the end of future years. If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert such internal control is effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our auditors are unable to attest that our
management’s report is fairly stated or they are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would have an
adverse effect on our stock price.

We are migrating critical financial functions to a third-party provider. If this transition is not
successful, our business and operations could be disrupted and our operating results could be harmed. 

We have entered into an
arrangement to transfer our worldwide billing, collection and credit evaluation functions to a third-party service provider, Bertelsmann AG, and are currently in the process of implementing this arrangement. However, we cannot be sure that the
arrangement will be completed and implemented successfully or at all. The third-party provider will also help track, on an automated basis, a majority of our growing number of AdSense revenue share agreements. These functions are critical to our
operations and involve sensitive interactions between us and our advertisers and members of our Google Network. If we do not successfully implement this project, our business, reputation and operating results could be harmed. We have no experience
managing and implementing this type of large-scale, cross-functional, international infrastructure project. We also may not be able to integrate all of our systems and processes with those of the third-party service provider on a timely basis, or at
all. Even if this integration is completed on time, the service provider may not perform to agreed-upon service levels. Failure of the service provider to perform satisfactorily could disrupt our operations, result in customer dissatisfaction and
adversely affect operating results. We will implement monitoring controls over the systems and processes of the third-party vendor. However, there may be more risk than if we maintained and operated the controls ourselves. If we need to find an
alternative source for performing these functions, we may have to expend significant resources in doing so, and we cannot guarantee this would be accomplished in a timely manner or without significant additional disruption to our business.

Our business depends on a strong brand, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our base of
users, advertisers and Google Network members will be impaired and our business and operating results will be harmed. 

We believe
that the brand identity that we have developed has significantly contributed to the success of our business. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing the “Google” brand is critical to expanding our base of users, advertisers and
Google Network members. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to promote and maintain the “Google” brand, or if we incur excessive
expenses in this effort, our business, operating results and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. We anticipate that, as our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become
increasingly difficult and expensive. Maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to be a technology leader and to continue to provide high quality products and services, which we may not do successfully. 

24 

Table of Contents

People have in the past expressed, and may in the future express, objections to aspects of our products.
For example, people have raised privacy concerns relating to the ability of our Gmail email service to match relevant ads to the content of email messages. In addition, some individuals and organizations have raised objections to and sued us in
connection with our scanning of copyrighted materials from library collections for use in our Google Book Search product. Aspects of our future products may raise similar public concerns. Publicity regarding such concerns could harm our brand. In
addition, members of the Google Network and other third parties may take actions that could impair the value of our brand. We are aware that third parties, from time to time, use “Google” and similar variations in their domain names
without our approval, and our brand may be harmed if users and advertisers associate these domains with us. 

Proprietary document
formats may limit the effectiveness of our search technology by preventing our technology from accessing the content of documents in such formats which could limit the effectiveness of our products and services. 

A large amount of information on the Internet is provided in proprietary document formats such as Microsoft Word. The providers of the software
application used to create these documents could engineer the document format to prevent or interfere with our ability to access the document contents with our search technology. This would mean that the document contents would not be included in
our search results even if the contents were directly relevant to a search. These types of activities could assist our competitors or diminish the value of our search results. The software providers may also seek to require us to pay them royalties
in exchange for giving us the ability to search documents in their format. If the software provider also competes with us in the search business, they may give their search technology a preferential ability to search documents in their proprietary
format. Any of these results could harm our brand and our operating results. 

New technologies could block our ads, which would harm
our business. 

Technologies may be developed that can block the display of our ads. Most of our revenues are derived from fees paid
to us by advertisers in connection with the display of ads on web pages. As a result, ad-blocking technology could, in the future, adversely affect our operating results. 

Our corporate culture has contributed to our success, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, we could lose the innovation, creativity and teamwork fostered by our culture, and our business may be
harmed. 

We believe that a critical contributor to our success has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation,
creativity and teamwork. As our organization grows, and we are required to implement more complex organizational management structures, we may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture. This could
negatively impact our future success. In addition, our initial public offering has created disparities in wealth among Google employees, which may adversely impact relations among employees and our corporate culture in general. 

Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services and brand.

Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and all of our other intellectual property rights are important assets for us.
There are events that are outside of our control that pose a threat to our intellectual property rights as well as to our products and services. For example, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which
our products and services are distributed or made available through the Internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights
could harm our business or our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to do business and harm
our operating results. 

25 

Table of Contents

Although we seek to obtain patent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to
protect some of these innovations. In addition, given the costs of obtaining patent protection, we may choose not to protect certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always the possibility, despite our efforts,
that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. Finally, third parties increasingly have and will continue to allege that Google products and services infringe their
patent rights. 

We also face risks associated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google” could
become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word “search.” If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word “Google” to refer to their own products,
thus diminishing our brand. 

We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy could be compromised by
third parties, or intentionally or accidentally by our employees, which would cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. 

We are, and may in the future be, subject to intellectual property rights claims, which are costly to defend, could require us to pay damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies in the
future. 

Companies in the Internet, technology and media industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade
secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we face increasing competition and become increasingly high profile, the possibility of intellectual property
rights claims against us grows. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims or rights against their use. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, expensive to litigate or settle and
could divert resources and attention. In addition, many of our agreements with members of our Google Network require us to indemnify these members for certain third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase our costs as a
result of defending such claims and may require that we pay damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. An adverse determination also could prevent us from offering our products and services to others and may require that we procure
substitute products or services for these members. 

With respect to any intellectual property rights claim, we may have to pay damages or
discontinue the practices found to be in violation of a third party’s rights. We may have to seek a license to continue such practices, which may not be available on reasonable terms and may significantly increase our operating expenses. A
license to continue such practices may not be available to us at all. As a result, we may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology or practices or discontinue the practices. The development of alternative non-infringing
technology or practices could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot obtain a license to continue such practices or develop alternative technology or practices for the infringing aspects of our business, we may be forced to limit our
product and service offerings and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could harm our brand and operating results. 

From time to time, we receive notice letters from patent holders alleging that certain of our products and services infringe their patent rights. Some of these have resulted in litigation against us. Companies have also filed trademark
infringement and related claims against us over the display of ads in response to user queries that include trademark terms. 

The outcomes
of these lawsuits have differed from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Courts in France have held us liable for allowing advertisers to select certain trademarked terms as keywords. We are appealing those decisions. We were also subject to two lawsuits
in Germany on similar matters where the courts held that we are not liable for the actions of our advertisers prior to notification of trademark rights. We are litigating or have recently litigated similar issues in other cases in the U.S., France,
Germany, Israel, Italy and Austria. 

In order to provide users with more useful ads, in 2004 we revised our trademark policy in the U.S.
and Canada. Under our revised policy, we no longer disable ads due to selection by our advertisers of trademarks as 

26 

Table of Contents

keyword triggers for the ads. We are currently defending this policy in trademark infringement lawsuits in the United States. Defending these lawsuits is
consuming time and resources. Adverse results in these lawsuits may result in, or even compel, a change in this practice which could result in a loss of revenue for us, which could harm our business. 

Certain entities have also filed copyright claims against us, alleging that features of certain of our products, including Google Web Search, Google
News, Google Image Search, and Google Book Search, infringe their rights. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of damages and may also result in, or even compel, a change in our business practices, which could result in a loss of
revenue for us or otherwise harm our business. In addition, generally speaking, any time that we have a product or service that links to or hosts material in which others allege to own copyrights, we face the risk of being sued for copyright
infringement or related claims. Because these products and services comprise the majority of our products and services, the risk of potential harm from such lawsuits is substantial. 

Expansion into international markets is important to our long-term success, and our inexperience in the operation of our business outside the U.S.
increases the risk that our international expansion efforts will not be successful. 

We opened our first office outside the U.S. in
2001 and have only limited experience with operations outside the U.S. Expansion into international markets requires management attention and resources. In addition, we face the following additional risks associated with our expansion outside the
U.S.: 

•

Challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences and in doing business with foreign agencies and governments. 

•

Difficulties in developing products and services in different languages and for different cultures. 

•

Longer payment cycles in some countries. 

•

Credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud. 

•

Legal and regulatory restrictions. 

•

Currency exchange rate fluctuations. 

•

Foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in countries outside the U.S. 

•

Political and economic instability and export restrictions. 

•

Potentially adverse tax consequences. 

•

Higher costs associated with doing business internationally. 

•

Additional U.S. and other regulatory requirements and increased complexity in complying with existing and new regulatory requirements. 

These risks could harm our international expansion efforts, which would in turn harm our business and operating results. 

We compete internationally with local information providers and with U.S. competitors who are currently more successful than we are in various
markets, and if we fail to compete effectively in international markets, our business will be harmed. 

We face different market
characteristics and competition outside the U.S. In certain markets, other web search, advertising services and Internet companies have greater brand recognition, more users and more search traffic than we have. Even in countries where we have a
significant user following, we may not be as successful in generating advertising revenue due to slower market development, our inability to provide attractive local advertising services or other factors. In order to compete, we need to improve our
brand recognition and our 

27 

Table of Contents

selling efforts internationally and build stronger relationships with advertisers. We also need to better understand our international users and their
preferences. If we fail to do so, our global expansion efforts may be more costly and less profitable than we expect. 

Our business
may be adversely affected by malicious third-party applications that interfere with, or exploit security flaws in, our products and services. 

Our business may be adversely affected by malicious applications that make changes to our users’ computers and interfere with the Google experience. These applications have in the past attempted, and may in the
future attempt, to change our users’ Internet experience, including hijacking queries to Google.com, altering or replacing Google search results, or otherwise interfering with our ability to connect with our users. The interference often occurs
without disclosure to or consent from users, resulting in a negative experience that users may associate with Google. These applications may be difficult or impossible to uninstall or disable, may reinstall themselves and may circumvent other
applications’ efforts to block or remove them. In addition, we offer a number of products and services that our users download to their computers or that they rely on to store information and transmit information to others over the Internet.
These products and services are subject to attack by viruses, worms and other malicious software programs, which could jeopardize the security of information stored in a user’s computer or in our computer systems and networks. The ability to
reach users and provide them with a superior experience is critical to our success. If our efforts to combat these malicious applications are unsuccessful, or if our products and services have actual or perceived vulnerabilities, our reputation may
be harmed and our user traffic could decline, which would damage our business. 

If we fail to detect click fraud or other invalid
clicks, we could lose the confidence of our advertisers, thereby causing our business to suffer. 

We are exposed to the risk of
fraudulent clicks and other invalid clicks on our ads from a variety of potential sources. We have regularly refunded fees that our advertisers have paid to us that were later attributed to click fraud and other invalid clicks, and we expect to do
so in the future. Invalid clicks are clicks that we have determined are not intended by the user to link to the underlying content, such as inadvertent clicks on the same ad twice and clicks resulting from click fraud. Click fraud occurs when a user
intentionally clicks on a Google AdWords ad displayed on a web site for a reason other than to view the underlying content. If we are unable to stop these invalid clicks, these refunds may increase. If we find new evidence of past invalid clicks we
may issue refunds retroactively of amounts previously paid to our Google Network members. This would negatively affect our profitability, and these invalid clicks could hurt our brand. If invalid clicks are not detected, the affected advertisers may
experience a reduced return on their investment in our advertising programs because the invalid clicks will not lead to potential revenue for the advertisers. This could lead the advertisers to become dissatisfied with our advertising programs,
which has led to litigation, could lead to further litigation and could lead to a loss of advertisers and revenues. 

Index spammers
could harm the integrity of our web search results, which could damage our reputation and cause our users to be dissatisfied with our products and services. 

There is an ongoing and increasing effort by “index spammers” to develop ways to manipulate our web search results. For example, because our web search technology ranks a web page’s relevance based in
part on the importance of the web sites that link to it, people have attempted to link a group of web sites together to manipulate web search results. We take this problem very seriously because providing relevant information to users is critical to
our success. If our efforts to combat these and other types of index spamming are unsuccessful, our reputation for delivering relevant information could be diminished. This could result in a decline in user traffic, which would damage our business.

Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from
using our products and services. 

From time to time, concerns may be expressed about whether our products and services compromise
the privacy of users and others. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure or security 

28 

Table of Contents

of personal information or other privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and operating results. While we strive to comply
with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy policies, any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or others, which could
potentially have an adverse affect on our business. Laws related to data protection continue to evolve. It is possible that certain jurisdictions may enact laws or regulations that impact our ability to offer our products and services in those
jurisdictions, which could harm our business. 

Our business is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws that could subject us to
claims or other remedies based on the nature and content of the information searched or displayed by our products and services, and could limit our ability to provide information regarding regulated industries and products. 

The laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users are currently unsettled both within the U.S. and abroad.
Claims have been threatened and filed under both U.S. and foreign law for defamation, libel, invasion of privacy and other data protection claims, tort, unlawful activity, copyright or trademark infringement, or other theories based on the nature
and content of the materials searched and the ads posted or the content generated by our users. From time to time we have received notices from individuals who do not want their names or web sites to appear in our web search results when certain
keywords are searched. It is also possible that we could be held liable for misinformation provided over the web when that information appears in our web search results. If one of these complaints results in liability to us, it could be potentially
costly, encourage similar lawsuits, distract management and harm our reputation and possibly our business. In addition, increased attention focused on these issues and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise affect the growth of
our business. 

The application to us of existing laws regulating or requiring licenses for certain businesses of our advertisers,
including, for example, distribution of pharmaceuticals, adult content, financial services, alcohol or firearms, can be unclear. Existing or new legislation could expose us to substantial liability, restrict our ability to deliver services to our
users, limit our ability to grow and cause us to incur significant expenses in order to comply with such laws and regulations. 

Several
other federal laws could have an impact on our business. Compliance with these laws and regulations is complex and may impose significant additional costs on us. For example, the Digital Millennium Copyright Act has provisions that limit, but do not
eliminate, our liability for listing or linking to third-party web sites that include materials that infringe copyrights or other rights, so long as we comply with the statutory requirements of this act. The Children’s Online Protection Act and
the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act restrict the distribution of materials considered harmful to children and impose additional restrictions on the ability of online services to collect information from minors. In addition, the
Protection of Children from Sexual Predators Act of 1998 requires online service providers to report evidence of violations of federal child pornography laws under certain circumstances. Any failure on our part to comply with these regulations may
subject us to additional liabilities. 

We also face risks associated with international data protection. The interpretation and application
of data protection laws in Europe and elsewhere are still uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines,
this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which in turn could have a material effect on our business. 

We
also face risks from legislation that could be passed in the future. 

We also face risks due to failure to enforce or legislate,
particularly in the area of network neutrality, where governments might fail to protect the Internet’s basic neutrality as to the services and sites that users can access through the network. Such a failure could limit Google’s ability to
innovate and deliver new features and services, which could harm our business. 

29 

Table of Contents

If we were to lose the services of Eric, Larry, Sergey or our senior management team, we may not be
able to execute our business strategy. 

Our future success depends in a large part upon the continued service of key members of our
senior management team. In particular, our CEO Eric Schmidt and our founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin are critical to the overall management of Google as well as the development of our technology, our culture and our strategic direction. All of
our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of any of our management or key personnel could seriously harm our business. 

The initial option grants to many of our senior management and key employees are fully vested. Therefore, these employees may not have sufficient
financial incentive to stay with us, we may have to incur costs to replace key employees who leave, and our ability to execute our business model could be impaired if we cannot replace departing employees in a timely manner. 

Many of our senior management personnel and other key employees have become, or will soon become, substantially vested in their initial stock option
grants. While we often grant additional stock options to management personnel and other key employees after their hire dates to provide additional incentives to remain employed by us, these follow-on grants are typically much smaller than the
initial grants. Employees may be more likely to leave us after their initial option grant fully vests, especially if the shares underlying the options have significantly appreciated in value relative to the option exercise price. We have not given
any additional stock grants to Eric, Larry or Sergey, and Eric, Larry and Sergey are fully vested in their existing grants. If any members of our senior management team leave the company, our ability to successfully operate our business could be
impaired. We also may have to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring, training and retaining replacements for departing employees. 

We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel or hire qualified personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to
identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and we are aware that certain of our competitors have directly targeted our
employees. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees. 

We have in the past maintained a rigorous, highly selective and time-consuming hiring process. We believe that our approach to hiring has significantly contributed to our success to date. As we grow, our hiring
process may prevent us from hiring the personnel we need in a timely manner. In addition, as we become a more mature company, we may find our recruiting efforts more challenging. The incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees provided by
our option grants may not be as effective as in the past and our current and future compensation arrangements, which include cash bonuses, may not be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. In
addition, we have recently introduced new stock award programs, and under these new programs new employees will be issued a portion of their stock awards in the form of restricted stock units. These restricted stock units will vest based on
individual performance, as well as the exercise price of their stock options as compared to that of other employees who started at about the same time. These new stock awards programs may not provide adequate incentives to attract, retain and
motivate outstanding performers. If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or retaining or motivating existing personnel, we may be unable to grow effectively. 

Our CEO and our two founders run the business and affairs of the company collectively, which may harm their ability to manage effectively.

Eric, our CEO, and Larry and Sergey, our founders and presidents, currently provide leadership to the company as a team. Our bylaws
provide that our CEO and our presidents will together have general supervision, 

30 

Table of Contents

direction and control of the company, subject to the control of our board of directors. As a result, Eric, Larry and Sergey tend to operate the company
collectively and to consult extensively with each other before significant decisions are made. This may slow the decision-making process, and a disagreement among these individuals could prevent key strategic decisions from being made in a timely
manner. In the event our CEO and our two founders are unable to continue to work well together in providing cohesive leadership, our business could be harmed. 

We have a short operating history and a relatively new business model in an emerging and rapidly evolving market. This makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will
not continue to be successful. 

We first derived revenue from our online search business in 1999 and from our advertising services
in 2000, and we have only a short operating history with our cost-per-click advertising model, which we launched in 2002 and our new cost-per-impression advertising model which we launched in the second quarter of 2005. As a result, we have very
little operating history for you to evaluate in assessing our future prospects. Also, we derive nearly all of our revenues from online advertising, which is an immature industry that has undergone rapid and dramatic changes in its short history. You
must consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we will encounter as an early-stage company in a new and rapidly evolving market. We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could
materially harm our business and operating results. 

We may have difficulty scaling and adapting our existing architecture to
accommodate increased traffic and technology advances or changing business requirements, which could lead to the loss of users, advertisers and Google Network members, and cause us to incur expenses to make architectural changes. 

To be successful, our network infrastructure has to perform well and be reliable. The greater the user traffic and the greater the complexity of our
products and services, the more computing power we will need. In 2005, we spent substantial amounts and we expect this spending to continue as we purchase or lease data centers and equipment and upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to
handle increased traffic on our web sites and to roll out new products and services. This expansion is expensive and complex and could result in inefficiencies or operational failures. If we do not implement this expansion successfully, or if we
experience inefficiencies and operational failures during the implementation, the quality of our products and services and our users’ experience could decline. This could damage our reputation and lead us to lose current and potential users,
advertisers and Google Network members. The costs associated with these adjustments to our architecture could harm our operating results. Cost increases, loss of traffic or failure to accommodate new technologies or changing business requirements
could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

We rely on bandwidth providers, data centers or other third parties for
key aspects of the process of providing products and services to our users, and any failure or interruption in the services and products provided by these third parties could harm our ability to operate our business and damage our reputation.

We rely on third-party vendors, including data center and bandwidth providers. Any disruption in the network access or colocation
services provided by these third-party providers or any failure of these third-party providers to handle current or higher volumes of use could significantly harm our business. Any financial or other difficulties our providers face may have negative
effects on our business, the nature and extent of which we cannot predict. We exercise little control over these third-party vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. We license technology and related
databases from third parties to facilitate aspects of our data center and connectivity operations including, among others, Internet traffic management services. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience interruptions and delays in
service and availability for such elements. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays experienced in connection with these third-party technologies and information services could negatively impact our relationship with users and adversely affect
our brand and our business and could expose us to liabilities to third parties. 

31 

Table of Contents

Our systems are also heavily reliant on the availability of electricity, which also comes from
third-party providers. If we were to experience a major power outage, we would have to rely on back-up generators. These back-up generators may not operate properly through a major power outage and their fuel supply could also be inadequate during a
major power outage. This could result in a disruption of our business. 

Interruption or failure of our information technology and
communications systems could impair our ability to effectively provide our products and services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. 

Our provision of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Any damage to or failure of our systems could result in interruptions in our
service. Interruptions in our service could reduce our revenues and profits, and our brand could be damaged if people believe our system is unreliable. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, terrorist attacks, floods,
fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks or other attempts to harm our systems, and similar events. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes. Our
data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism, and to potential disruptions if the operators of these facilities have financial difficulties. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster
recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence of a natural disaster, a decision to close a facility we are using without adequate notice for financial reasons or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result
in lengthy interruptions in our service. 

We have experienced system failures in the past and may in the future. For example, in November
2003 we failed to provide web search results for approximately 20% of our traffic for a period of about 30 minutes. Any unscheduled interruption in our service puts a burden on our entire organization and would result in an immediate loss of
revenue. If we experience frequent or persistent system failures on our web sites, our reputation and brand could be permanently harmed. The steps we have taken to increase the reliability and redundancy of our systems are expensive, reduce our
operating margin and may not be successful in reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime. 

More individuals are using
non-PC devices to access the Internet, and versions of our web search technology developed for these devices may not be widely adopted by users of these devices. 

The number of people who access the Internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile telephones, hand-held calendaring and email assistants, and television set-top devices, has increased
dramatically in the past few years. The lower resolution, functionality and memory associated with alternative devices make the use of our products and services through such devices difficult. If we are unable to attract and retain a substantial
number of alternative device users to our web search services or if we are slow to develop products and technologies that are more compatible with non-PC communications devices, we will fail to capture a significant share of an increasingly
important portion of the market for online services. 

Payments to certain of our Google Network members have exceeded the related
fees we receive from our advertisers. 

We have entered into, and may continue to enter into, minimum fee guarantee agreements with a
small number of Google Network members. In these agreements, we promise to make minimum payments to the Google Network member for a pre-negotiated period of time, typically from three months to a year or more. It is difficult to forecast with
certainty the fees that we will earn under our agreements, and sometimes the fees we earn fall short of the minimum guarantee payment amounts. Also, increasing competition for arrangements with web sites that are potential Google Network members
could result in our entering into more of these minimum fee guarantee agreements under which guaranteed payments exceed the fees we receive from advertisers whose ads we place on those Google Network member sites. In each period to date, the
aggregate fees we have earned 

32 

Table of Contents

under these agreements have exceeded the aggregate amounts we have been obligated to pay these Google Network members. However, individual agreements have
resulted in guaranteed minimum and other payments to certain Google Network members in excess of the related fees we receive from advertisers. We expect that some individual agreements will continue to result in guaranteed minimum and other payments
to certain Google Network members in excess of the related fees we receive from advertisers, which will adversely affect our profitability. However, we expect that the aggregate fees we will earn under agreements with guaranteed minimum and other
payments will exceed the aggregate amounts we will be obligated to pay these Google Network members. 

To the extent our revenues are
paid in foreign currencies, and currency exchange rates become unfavorable, we may lose some of the economic value of the revenues in U.S. dollar terms. 

As we expand our international operations, more of our customers may pay us in foreign currencies. Conducting business in currencies other than U.S. dollars subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. If
the currency exchange rates were to change unfavorably, the value of net receivables we receive in foreign currencies and later convert to U.S. dollars after the unfavorable change would be diminished. This could have a negative impact on our
reported operating results. Hedging strategies, such as forward contracts, options and foreign exchange swaps related to transaction exposures, that we have implemented or may implement to mitigate this risk may not eliminate our exposure to foreign
exchange fluctuations. Additionally, hedging programs expose us to risks that could adversely affect our operating results, including the following: 

•

We have limited experience in implementing or operating hedging programs. Hedging programs are inherently risky and we could lose money as a result of poor trades.

•

We may be unable to hedge currency risk for some transactions because of a high level of uncertainty or the inability to reasonably estimate our foreign exchange exposures.

•

We may be unable to acquire foreign exchange hedging instruments in some of the geographic areas where we do business, or, where these derivatives are available, we may not be able
to acquire enough of them to fully offset our exposure. 

We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax
liabilities. 

Our future income taxes could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions where we
have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles or
interpretations thereof. Our determination of our tax liability (like any company’s determination of its tax liability) is subject to review by applicable tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such a review could have an adverse effect on our
operating results and financial condition. In addition, the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and
calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial
results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 

We rely on insurance to mitigate some risks and, to the
extent the cost of insurance increases or we are unable or choose not to maintain sufficient insurance to mitigate the risks facing our business, our operating results may be diminished. 

We contract for insurance to cover certain potential risks and liabilities. In the current environment, insurance companies are increasingly specific
about what they will and will not insure. It is possible that we may not be able to get enough insurance to meet our needs, may have to pay very high prices for the coverage we do get or may not be able to acquire any insurance for certain types of
business risk. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future choose not to obtain insurance for certain risks facing our business. This could leave us 

33 

Table of Contents

exposed to potential claims. If we were found liable for a significant claim in the future, our operating results could be negatively impacted. Also, to the
extent the cost of maintaining insurance increases, our operating results will be negatively affected. 

Acquisitions could result in
operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences. 

We do not have a great deal of experience acquiring companies and
the companies we have acquired have typically been small. We have evaluated, and expect to continue to evaluate, a wide array of potential strategic transactions. From time to time, we may engage in discussions regarding potential acquisitions. Any
of these transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the process of integrating an acquired company, business or technology may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and is
risky. The areas where we may face risks include: 

•

The need to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at companies that prior to the acquisition lacked these controls,
procedures and policies. 

•

Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to acquisition integration challenges. 

•

Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization. 

•

Retaining employees from the businesses we acquire. 

•

The need to integrate each company’s accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective management.

Foreign acquisitions involve unique risks in addition to those mentioned above, including those related to integration of
operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. 

Also, the anticipated benefit of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. Future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt,
contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition. Future acquisitions may require us to obtain additional equity or debt financing, which may not be available on favorable
terms or at all. 

We occasionally become subject to commercial disputes that could harm our business by distracting our management
from the operation of our business, by increasing our expenses and, if we do not prevail, by subjecting us to potential monetary damages and other remedies. 

From time to time we are engaged in disputes regarding our commercial transactions. These disputes could result in monetary damages or other remedies that could adversely impact our financial position or operations.
Even if we prevail in these disputes, they may distract our management from operating our business and the cost of defending these disputes would reduce our operating results. 

We have to keep up with rapid technological change to remain competitive in our rapidly evolving industry. 

Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services to evolving industry standards and to
improve the performance and reliability of our services. Our failure to adapt to such changes would harm our business. New technologies and advertising media could adversely affect us. In addition, the widespread adoption of new Internet, networking
or telecommunications technologies or other technological changes could require substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure. 

34 

Table of Contents

Our business depends on increasing use of the Internet by users searching for information,
advertisers marketing products and services and web sites seeking to earn revenue to support their web content. If the Internet infrastructure does not grow and is not maintained to support these activities, our business will be harmed.

Our success will depend on the continued growth and maintenance of the Internet infrastructure. This includes maintenance of a
reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity and security for providing reliable Internet services. Internet infrastructure may be unable to support the demands placed on it if the number of Internet users continues to increase,
or if existing or future Internet users access the Internet more often or increase their bandwidth requirements. In addition, viruses, worms and similar programs may harm the performance of the Internet. The Internet has experienced a variety of
outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure, and it could face outages and delays in the future. These outages and delays could reduce the level of Internet usage as well as our ability to provide our solutions.

We have incurred and will continue to incur increased costs as a result of being a public company. 

As a public company, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private
company. We will continue to incur costs associated with our public company reporting requirements. We also have incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission and The Nasdaq National Market. These rules and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and made some activities more
time-consuming and costly. We expect these rules and regulations will continue to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to maintain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and
coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. We are
currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to these rules, and we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. 

Changes in accounting rules for stock-based compensation may adversely affect our operating results, our stock price and our competitiveness in the
employee marketplace. 

We have a history of using employee stock options and other stock-based compensation to hire, motivate and
retain our employees. In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123R, “Share-Based Payment,” which requires us, starting January 1, 2006, to measure
compensation costs for all stock-based compensation (including stock options) at fair value and to recognize these costs as expenses in our statements of income. The recognition of these expenses in our statements of income will have a negative
effect on our earnings per share, which could negatively impact our future stock price. In addition, if we reduce or alter our use of stock-based compensation to minimize the recognition of these expenses, our ability to recruit, motivate and retain
employees may be impaired, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage in the employee marketplace. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock

The trading price for our Class A common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. 

The trading price of our Class A common stock has been volatile since our initial public offering and will likely continue to be volatile. The
trading price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate widely in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include: 

•

Quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors. 

•

Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments. 

35 

Table of Contents

•

Disruption to our operations or those of our Google Network members or our data centers. 

•

The emergence of new sales channels in which we are unable to compete effectively. 

•

Our ability to develop and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis. 

•

Commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation. 

•

Any major change in our board or management. 

•

Changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals. 

•

Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates. 

•

Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the likelihood of which is enhanced because it is our policy not to give guidance on earnings.

•

Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations. 

•

The volume of shares of Class A common stock available for public sale. 

•

Sales of stock by us or by our stockholders. 

•

Short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock. 

•

General economic conditions and slow or negative growth of related markets. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the
operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in
the overall market and the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a
diversion of our management’s attention and resources. 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock.

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not
expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The concentration of our capital stock ownership with our founders, executive
officers and our directors and their affiliates will limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 

Our Class B common stock
has ten votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of December 31, 2005 our founders, executive officers and directors (and their affiliates) together owned shares of Class A common stock and Class B
common stock representing approximately 78% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. In particular, as of December 31, 2005, our two founders and our CEO, Larry, Sergey and Eric, controlled approximately 84% of our outstanding
Class B common stock, representing approximately 69% of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock. Larry, Sergey and Eric therefore have significant influence over management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets, for the foreseeable future. In addition, because of this dual class structure, our founders, directors,
executives and employees will continue to be able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval even if they come to own less than 50% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. This concentrated control limits your ability
to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that our stockholders do not view as beneficial. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected. 

36 

Table of Contents

Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that
stockholders may consider favorable. 

Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or
preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following: 

•

Our certificate of incorporation provides for a dual class common stock structure. As a result of this structure our founders, executives and employees have significant influence
over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from
initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 

•

Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director,
which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors. 

•

Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain actions without
holding a stockholders’ meeting. 

•

Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates.

•

Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting.
These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

•

Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our
board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital
stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. 

37 

Table of Contents