.

Forward-Looking Statements

Some statements in this report constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe
harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company cautions
that its forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. The Company undertakes no
duty to update its forward-looking statements, which reflect the Company’s beliefs, expectations
and plans as of the present time. Actual results or events may differ materially from those
indicated as a result of various important factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to,
changes in general economic conditions, the growth rate of the market for the Company’s products
and services, the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships,
competitive product and pricing pressures, including internet related initiatives, the
effectiveness of the Company’s promotional, marketing and advertising programs, changes in laws and
regulations, including changes in accounting and taxation guidance, the uncertainties of
litigation, as well as other risks and uncertainties discussed from time to time in the Company’s
filings with the SEC. Some of these factors that may affect us are described in greater detail
below. Readers are cautioned that other factors not listed here or in our other SEC filings could
materially impact the Company’s future earnings, financial position and cash flows. You should not
place undue reliance upon forward-looking statements contained herein and should carefully read
other reports that the Company will, from time to time, file with the SEC.

Risks Relating to Our Company

We Depend on Our Relationships with Our Vendors.

As a distributor of automotive replacement parts, industrial parts, office products and
electrical/electronic materials, our business is dependent on developing and maintaining close and
productive relationships with our vendors. We depend on our vendors to sell us quality products at
favorable prices. Many factors outside our control may harm these relationships. For example,
financial or operational difficulties with a vendor could cause that vendor to increase the cost of
the products we purchase from it. Vendor consolidation could also limit the number of suppliers
from which we may purchase products and could materially affect the prices we pay for these
products. Also, consolidation among automotive parts or industrial parts and office product
suppliers could disrupt our relationship with some vendors. A disruption of our vendor
relationships or a disruption in our vendors’ operations could have a material adverse effect on
our business and results of operations.

Our Business and Results of Operations Could Be Impacted by Certain Laws.

We are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the
operation of our business, such as laws and regulations relating to environmental and employment
matters. Because such laws and regulations are subject to change without notice, we cannot
anticipate the potential costs of compliance. On the other hand, if we fail to comply with
existing or future laws or regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or
sanctions. There can be no assurance that the cost of compliance, or a material failure by us to
comply, with these laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on us in the
future.

Risks Relating to Our Industry

We Face Substantial Competition in the Industries in Which We Do Business.

The industries in which we do business are highly competitive. The sale of automotive and
industrial parts, office products and electronic materials is highly competitive in many areas,
including name recognition, product availability, customer service, anticipating changing customer
preferences, store location and price. Increased competition among distributors of automotive and
industrial parts, office products and electronic materials could cause a material adverse effect on
our results of operations.

-8-

Table of Contents

In particular, the market for replacement automotive parts is highly competitive and subjects us to
a wide variety of competitors. We compete primarily with national and regional auto parts chains,
independently owned automotive parts and accessories stores, automobile dealers that supply
manufacturer replacement parts and accessories, mass merchandisers and wholesale clubs that sell
automotive products and regional and local full service automotive repair shops. If we are unable
to continue to develop successful competitive strategies, or if our competitors develop more
effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

Our Business May Be Materially Affected If Demand for Our Products Slows.

Our business depends on customer demand for the products that we distribute. Demand for these
products depends on many factors. With respect to our automotive group, the primary factors are:
the number of miles vehicles are driven annually, as higher vehicle mileage increases the need for
maintenance and repair; the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle
manufacturers and the length of the warranty or maintenance offered on new vehicles; the number of
vehicles in current service that are six years old and older, as these vehicles are typically no
longer under the original vehicle manufacturers’ warranty and will need more maintenance and repair
than newer vehicles; restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by
the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation; and the economy generally.

Our Business May Be Impacted by General Economic Conditions and Local, National and Global Events.

Our business and results of operations also may be impacted by general economic conditions,
conditions in local markets or other factors that we cannot control, including: job growth and
unemployment conditions, industrial output and capacity and capital expenditures, reduction in
manufacturing capacity in our targeted geographic markets due to consolidation and the transfer of
manufacturing capacity to foreign countries, weather, terrorist acts, pricing pressures of our
competitors and customers, shortages of fuel or interruptions in transportation systems, labor
strikes, work stoppages, or other interruptions to or difficulties in the employment of labor in
the major markets where we operate, changes in interest rates, inflation or currency exchange
rates, changes in accounting policies and practices and changes in regulatory policies and
practices.

-9-

Table of Contents