.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some statements in this report, as well as in
other materials we file with the SEC or otherwise release to the public and in materials that we make available on our website, constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Senior officers may also make verbal statements to analysts, investors, the media and others that are forward-looking. Forward-

7 

looking statements may relate, for example, to future operations, prospects, strategies, financial condition, economic performance (including growth and earnings), industry conditions and demand
for our products and services. The Company cautions that its forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and while we believe that our expectations for the future are reasonable in view of currently available information, you are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events may differ materially from those indicated in our forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. Such factors include, but are
not limited to, those discussed below. 

Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made, and the Company
undertakes no duty to update its forward-looking statements except as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our subsequent Forms 10-Q, Form 8-K and other reports to the
SEC. 

Set forth below are the material risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely
affect our business or could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements in this report and in the other public statements we make. Please be aware that these risks may change over
time and other risks may prove to be important in the future. New risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or the trading
price of our securities. 

Our business will be adversely affected if demand for our products slows. 

Our business depends on customer demand for the products that we distribute. Demand for these products depends on many factors.

With respect to our automotive group, the primary factors are: 

•

 the number of miles vehicles are driven annually, as higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair;

•

 the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranty or maintenance offered on new vehicles;

•

 the number of vehicles in current service that are six years old and older, as these vehicles are typically no longer under the original vehicle
manufacturers’ warranty and will need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles; 

•

 gas prices, as increases in gas prices may deter consumers from using their vehicles; 

•

 changes in travel patterns, which may cause consumers to rely more on other transportation; 

•

 restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation, as
consumers may be forced to have all diagnostic work, repairs and maintenance performed by the vehicle manufacturers’ dealer networks; and 

•

 the economy generally, which in declining conditions may cause consumers to defer vehicle maintenance and repair and defer discretionary spending.

With respect to our industrial parts group, the primary factors are: 

•

 the level of industrial production and manufacturing capacity utilization, as these indices reflect the need for industrial replacement parts;

•

 changes in manufacturing reflected in the level of the Institute for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index, as an index reading of 50 or
more implies an expanding manufacturing economy, while a reading below 50 implies a contracting manufacturing economy;

•

 the consolidation of certain of our manufacturing customers and the trend of manufacturing operations being moved overseas; and

•

 the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for industrial output. 

8 

With respect to our office products group, the primary factors are: 

•

 the level of unemployment, especially as it relates to white collar and service jobs, as this impacts the need for business products; and

•

 the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for office products consumption. 

With respect to our electrical/electronic materials group, the primary factors are: 

•

 changes in manufacturing reflected in the level of the Institute for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index, as an index reading of 50 or
more implies an expanding manufacturing economy, while a reading below 50 implies a contracting manufacturing economy; and 

•

 the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for industrial output. 

Uncertainty and/or deterioration in general macro-economic conditions, including unemployment, inflation or deflation, high energy
costs, uncertain credit markets, or other economic conditions, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our business and operating results may in the future be adversely affected by uncertain global economic conditions, including instability in credit markets, declining consumer and business confidence,
fluctuating commodity prices, volatile exchange rates, and other challenges that could affect the global economy. Both our commercial and retail customers may experience deterioration of their financial resources, which could result in existing or
potential customers delaying or canceling plans to purchase our products. Our vendors could experience similar conditions, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. Future weakness in the global economy could adversely
affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in future periods. 

We depend on our relationships
with our vendors, and a disruption of our vendor relationships or a disruption in our vendors’ operations could harm our business. 

As a distributor of automotive parts, industrial parts, office products and electrical/electronic materials, our business depends on developing and maintaining close and productive relationships with our
vendors. We depend on our vendors to sell us quality products at favorable prices. Many factors outside our control, including, without limitation, raw material shortages, inadequate manufacturing capacity, labor disputes, transportation disruptions
or weather conditions, could adversely affect our vendors’ ability to deliver to us quality merchandise at favorable prices in a timely manner. Furthermore, financial or operational difficulties with a particular vendor could cause that vendor
to increase the cost of the products or decrease the quality of the products we purchase from it. Vendor consolidation could also limit the number of suppliers from which we may purchase products and could materially affect the prices we pay for
these products. In our automotive business, the number of vendors could decrease considerably, and the prices charged to us by the remaining vendors could increase, to the extent that vehicle production slows due to a decline in consumer spending
and, possibly, the failure of one or more of the large automobile manufacturers. We would suffer an adverse impact if our vendors limit or cancel the return privileges that currently protect us from inventory obsolescence. 

We face substantial competition in the industries in which we do business. 

The sale of automotive and industrial parts, office products and electrical materials is highly competitive and impacted by many factors,
including name recognition, product availability, customer service, anticipating changing customer preferences, store location, and pricing pressures. Because we seek to offer competitive prices, if our competitors reduce their prices, we may be
forced to reduce our prices, which could result in a material decline in our revenues and earnings. Increased competition among distributors of automotive and industrial parts, office products and electronic materials, including internet-related
initiatives, could cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The Company anticipates no decline in competition in any of its four business segments in the foreseeable future. 

9 

In particular, the market for replacement automotive parts is highly competitive and
subjects us to a wide variety of competitors. We compete primarily with national and regional auto parts chains, independently owned regional and local automotive parts and accessories stores, automobile dealers that supply manufacturer replacement
parts and accessories, mass merchandisers and wholesale clubs that sell automotive products and regional and local full service automotive repair shops. Furthermore, the automotive aftermarket has experienced consolidation in recent years.
Consolidation among our competitors could further enhance their financial position, provide them with the ability to provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to achieve increased efficiencies in their
consolidated operations that enable them to more effectively compete for customers. If we are unable to continue to develop successful competitive strategies or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our
sales and profits may decline. 

We may not be able to successfully implement our business initiatives in each of our
four business segments to grow our sales and earnings, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have implemented numerous initiatives in each of our four business segments to grow sales and earnings, including the introduction of new and expanded product lines, geographic expansion (including
acquisitions), sales to new markets, enhanced customer marketing programs and a variety of gross margin and cost savings initiatives. If we are unable to implement these initiatives efficiently and effectively, or if these initiatives are
unsuccessful, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Successful
implementation of these initiatives also depends on factors specific to the automotive parts industry and the other industries in which we operate and numerous other factors that may be beyond our control. In addition to the other risk factors
contained in this “Item 1A. Risk Factors”, adverse changes in the following factors could undermine our business initiatives and have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows:

•

 the competitive environment in our end markets may force us to reduce prices below our desired pricing level or to increase promotional spending;

•

 our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and to meet customers’ needs for our products in a timely manner;

•

 our ability to successfully enter new markets; 

•

 our ability to effectively manage our costs; 

•

 our ability to continue to grow through acquisitions and successfully integrate acquired businesses in our existing operations; and

•

 the economy in general. 

Because we are involved in litigation from time to time and are subject to numerous laws and governmental regulations, we could incur substantial judgments, fines, legal fees and other costs.

We are sometimes the subject of complaints or litigation from customers, employees or other third parties for various
actions. The damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings are substantial. Although we maintain liability insurance for some litigation claims, if one or more of the claims were to greatly exceed our insurance coverage limits or
if our insurance policies do not cover a claim, this could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Additionally, we are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to environmental protection, product quality standards, building and zoning requirements, as
well as employment law matters. If we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. In addition, our capital expenses
could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations. 

10