— We Face Substantial Competition in the Industries in Which We Do Business.” 

OFFICE PRODUCTS GROUP

The Office Products Group, operated through S. P. Richards Company (“S. P. Richards”), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. S. P. Richards is engaged in the wholesale distribution of a broad line of office and other business related products through a diverse customer base of resellers. These products are
used in homes, businesses, schools, offices, and other institutions. Office products fall into the general categories of office furniture, technology products, general office and school supplies, cleaning, janitorial, and breakroom supplies, safety
and security items, healthcare products and disposable food service products. 

The Office Products Group is represented in
Canada through S. P. Richards Canada, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company headquartered near Toronto, Ontario. S. P. Richards Canada services office product resellers throughout Canada from locations in Vancouver, Toronto, Calgary, Edmonton and
Winnipeg. 

Effective February 1, 2014, S. P. Richards acquired the assets of Garland C. Norris Company, Inc.
(“GCN”), headquartered in Apex, North Carolina. GCN is a regional wholesale distributor of food service disposables and janitorial and cleaning supplies, with annual revenues of approximately $35 million. 

Effective July 1, 2014, S. P. Richards acquired Impact Products, LLC (“Impact”), headquartered in Toledo, Ohio. Impact is a
leading value-added provider of facility, janitorial and safety supplies, with annual revenues of approximately $85 million. Its broad customer base is served from distribution centers in Toledo and Walnut, California. 

Effective January 2, 2015, S. P. Richards acquired JAL Associates Inc (“JAL”). JAL is a regional wholesaler of office
furniture with locations in Landover, Maryland and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and expected annual revenues of approximately $12 million. 

Distribution System.
    The Office Products Group distributes more than 61,000 items to over 5,200 resellers and distributors throughout the United States and Canada from
a network of 44 distribution centers. This group’s network of strategically located distribution centers provides overnight delivery of the Company’s comprehensive product offering. In September of 2014, the Company relocated its
Sacramento, California distribution center to a larger, state of the art facility. Approximately 41% of the Company’s 2014 total office products purchases were made from 10 major suppliers. 

The Office Products Group sells to a wide variety of resellers. These resellers include independently owned office product dealers,
national office product superstores and mass merchants, large contract stationers, mail order companies, Internet resellers, college bookstores, military base stores, office furniture dealers, value-added technology resellers, business machine
dealers, janitorial and sanitation supply distributors, safety product resellers and food service distributors. Resellers are offered comprehensive marketing programs, which include print and electronic catalogs and flyers, digital content and email
campaigns for reseller websites, and education and training resources. In addition, world class market analytics programs are made available to qualified resellers. 

Products.
    The Office Products Group distributes technology products and consumer electronics including storage media, printer supplies, iPad, iPhone and computer
accessories, calculators, shredders, laminators, copiers, printers, fitness bracelets and digital cameras; office furniture including desks, credenzas, chairs, chair mats, 

7 

Index to Financial Statements

office suites, panel systems, file, mobile and storage cabinets and computer workstations; general office supplies including desk accessories, business forms, accounting supplies, binders, filing
supplies, report covers, writing instruments, envelopes, note pads, copy paper, mailroom and shipping supplies, drafting and audiovisual supplies; school supplies including bulletin boards, teaching aids and art supplies; healthcare products
including first aid supplies, gloves, exam room supplies and furnishings, cleaners and waste containers; janitorial and cleaning supplies; safety supplies; disposable food service products; and breakroom supplies including napkins, utensils, snacks
and beverages. S. P. Richards has return privileges with most of its suppliers, which have protected the Company from inventory obsolescence. 

While the Company’s inventory includes products from nearly 700 of the industry’s leading manufacturers worldwide, S. P. Richards also markets products under its nine proprietary brands. These
brands include: Sparco
TM

, an economical line of office
supply basics; Compucessory®
, a line of computer accessories; Lorell
®
, a line of office furniture; NatureSaver
®
, an offering of recycled products; Elite
Image
®
, a line of new and remanufactured toner cartridges, premium papers and labels; Integra

TM

, a line of writing instruments; Genuine Joe®
, a line of cleaning and breakroom products; Business Source
®
, a line of basic office supplies available only to independent resellers; and Lighthouse, a brand of janitorial and cleaning products offered through the GCN
business. The Company’s Impact business also offers an additional series of proprietary brands that are product based and solution-specific oriented. Through the Company’s FurnitureAdvantage

TM

 program, S. P. Richards provides resellers with an additional 11,000
furniture items made available to consumers in 7 to 10 business days. 

Segment Data.
    In
the year ended December 31, 2014, sales from the Company’s Office Products Group approximated 11% of the Company’s net sales, as compared to 12% in 2013 and 13% in 2012. For additional segment information, see Note 10 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1. 

Competition.
    The office
products distribution business is highly competitive. In the distribution of its product offering to resellers, S. P. Richards competes with many other wholesale distributors, as well as with certain manufacturers of office products. S. P. Richards
competes primarily on product offerings, service, marketing programs, brand recognition and price. Further information regarding competition in the industry is set forth in “Item 1A. Risk Factors — We Face Substantial Competition
in the Industries in Which We Do Business.” 

ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC MATERIALS GROUP 

The Electrical/Electronic Materials Group, operated as EIS, Inc. (“EIS”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is
headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. EIS distributes materials to more than 20,000 electrical and electronic manufacturers, as well as industrial assembly and specialty wire and cable markets in North America. With 49 branch locations in the United
States, Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic, Mexico and Canada, EIS distributes over 100,000 items including wire and cable, insulating and conductive materials, assembly tools and test equipment. EIS also has seven manufacturing facilities that
provide custom fabricated parts and custom coated materials. 

Effective February 1, 2014, EIS acquired the assets of
Electro-Wire, Inc. (“Electro-Wire”). Headquartered in Schaumburg, Illinois, Electro-Wire is a North American distributor and contract manufacturer of specialty wire and cable products with four locations in the U.S. and primarily serving
the telecom and transit markets. Electro-Wire generates approximately $100 million in annual revenues. 

Effective
August 1, 2014, EIS acquired the assets of Insulation and Wires, Inc. (“IWI”), based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. IWI is an electrical distribution company with estimated annual revenues of $15 million. 

Distribution System.
    The Electrical/Electronic Materials Group provides distribution services to
OEM’s, motor repair shops, specialty wire and cable users and a broad variety of industrial assembly markets. EIS actively utilizes its e-commerce Internet site to present its products to customers while allowing these on-line visitors to
conveniently purchase from a large product assortment. 

Electrical and electronic, industrial assembly, and wire and cable
products are distributed from warehouse locations in major user markets throughout the United States, as well as in Mexico, Canada, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. EIS has return privileges with some of its suppliers, which have protected
the Company from inventory obsolescence. 

8 

Index to Financial Statements

Products
.    The Electrical/Electronic Materials Group
distributes a wide variety of products to customers from over 400 vendors. These products include custom fabricated flexible materials that are used as components within a customer’s manufactured finished product in a variety of market
segments. Among the products distributed and fabricated are such items as magnet wire, conductive materials, electrical wire and cable, insulating and shielding materials, assembly tools, test equipment, adhesives and chemicals, pressure sensitive
tapes, solder, anti-static products, thermal management products and coated films. To meet the prompt delivery demands of its customers, this Group maintains large inventories. The majority of sales are on open account. Approximately 55% of 2014
total Electrical/Electronic Materials Group purchases were made from 10 major suppliers. 

Integrated
Supply.
    The Electrical/Electronic Materials Group’s integrated supply programs are a part of the marketing strategy, as a greater number of customers — especially national accounts — are given
the opportunity to participate in this low-cost, high-service capability. EIS has developed AIMS
™
 (Advanced
Inventory Management Solutions System), a totally integrated, highly automated solution for inventory management. EIS’ Integrated Supply offering also includes AIMS EASI, an electronic vending dispenser used to eliminate costly tool cribs, or
in-house stores, at customer warehouse facilities. 

Segment Data.
    In the year ended
December 31, 2014, sales from the Company’s Electrical/Electronic Materials Group approximated 5% of the Company’s net sales, as compared to 4% in 2013 and 2012. For additional segment information, see Note 10 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page F-1. 

Competition
.    The electrical
and electronics distribution business is highly competitive. The Electrical/Electronic Materials Group competes with other distributors specializing in the distribution of electrical and electronic products, general line distributors and, to a
lesser extent, manufacturers that sell directly to customers. EIS competes primarily on factors of price, product offerings, service and engineered solutions. Further information regarding competition in the industry is set forth in
“Item 1A. Risk Factors — We Face Substantial Competition in the Industries in Which We Do Business.” 

.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some statements in this report, as well as in
other materials we file with the SEC or otherwise release to the public and in materials that we make available on our website, constitute forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Senior officers may also make verbal statements to analysts, investors, the media and others that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may relate, for example, to future operations, prospects, strategies, financial
condition, economic performance (including growth and earnings), industry conditions and demand for our products and services. The Company cautions that its forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and while we believe that our
expectations for the future are reasonable in view of currently available information, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events may differ materially from those indicated in our
forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. 

Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no duty to update its forward-looking statements except as required by law. You are advised, however, to review
any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our subsequent Forms 10-Q, Form 8-K and other reports to the SEC. 

Set forth below are the material risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our business or could cause our actual results to differ materially from the
results contemplated by the forward-looking statements in this report and in the other public statements we make. Please be aware that these risks may change over time and other risks may prove to be important in the future. New risks may emerge at
any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or the trading price of our securities. 

9 

Index to Financial Statements

We may not be able to successfully implement our business initiatives in each of our
four business segments to grow our sales and earnings, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have implemented numerous initiatives in each of our four business segments to grow sales and earnings, including the introduction of new and expanded product lines, strategic acquisitions, geographic
expansion (including through acquisitions), sales to new markets, enhanced customer marketing programs and a variety of gross margin and cost savings initiatives. If we are unable to implement these initiatives efficiently and effectively, or if
these initiatives are unsuccessful, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

Successful implementation of these initiatives also depends on factors specific to the automotive parts industry and the other industries in which we operate and numerous other factors that may be beyond
our control. In addition to the other risk factors contained in this “Item 1A. Risk Factors”, adverse changes in the following factors could undermine our business initiatives and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows: 

•

 the competitive environment in our end markets may force us to reduce prices below our desired pricing level or to increase promotional spending;

•

 our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and to meet customers’ needs for our products in a timely manner;

•

 our ability to successfully enter new markets, including by successfully identifying and acquiring suitable acquisition targets in these new markets;

•

 our ability to effectively manage our costs; 

•

 our ability to continue to grow through acquisitions and successfully integrate acquired businesses in our existing operations;

•

 our ability to identify and successfully implement appropriate technological improvements; and 

•

 the economy in general. 

Our business will be adversely affected if demand for our products slows. 

Our business depends on customer demand for the products that we distribute. Demand for these products depends on many factors. 

With respect to our automotive group, the primary factors are: 

•

 the number of miles vehicles are driven annually, as higher vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair;

•

 the number of vehicles in the automotive fleet, a function of new vehicle sales and vehicle scrappage rates, as a steady or growing total vehicle
population supports the continued demand for maintenance and repair; 

•

 the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle manufacturers and the length of the warranty or maintenance offered on new vehicles;

•

 the number of vehicles in current service that are six years old and older, as these vehicles are typically no longer under the original vehicle
manufacturers’ warranty and will need more maintenance and repair than newer vehicles; 

•

 gas prices, as increases in gas prices may deter consumers from using their vehicles; 

•

 changes in travel patterns, which may cause consumers to rely more on other transportation; 

10 

Index to Financial Statements

•

 restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by governmental regulation, as
consumers may be forced to have all diagnostic work, repairs and maintenance performed by the vehicle manufacturers’ dealer networks; and 

•

 the economy generally, which in declining conditions may cause consumers to defer vehicle maintenance and repair and defer discretionary spending.

With respect to our industrial parts group, the primary factors are: 

•

 the level of industrial production and manufacturing capacity utilization, as these indices reflect the need for industrial replacement parts;

•

 changes in manufacturing reflected in the level of the Institute for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index, as an index reading of 50 or
more implies an expanding manufacturing economy, while a reading below 50 implies a contracting manufacturing economy;

•

 the consolidation of certain of our manufacturing customers and the trend of manufacturing operations being moved overseas, which subsequently reduces
demand for our products; and 

•

 the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for industrial output. 

With respect to our office products group, the primary factors are: 

•

 the increasing digitization of the workplace, as this negatively impacts the need for certain office products; 

•

 the level of unemployment, especially as it relates to white collar and service jobs, as high unemployment reduces the need for office products;

•

 The level of office vacancy rates, as high vacancy rates reduces the need for office products; and 

•

 the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for office products consumption. 

With respect to our electrical/electronic materials group, the primary factors are: 

•

 changes in manufacturing reflected in the level of the Institute for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index, as an index reading of 50 or
more implies an expanding manufacturing economy, while a reading below 50 implies a contracting manufacturing economy; and 

•

 the economy in general, which in declining conditions may cause reduced demand for industrial output. 

Uncertainty and/or deterioration in general macro-economic conditions, including unemployment, inflation or deflation, changes in
energy costs, uncertain credit markets, or other economic conditions, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our business and operating results have been and may in the future be adversely affected by uncertain global economic conditions,
including domestic outputs, employment rates, inflation or deflation, instability in credit markets, declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices, interest rates, volatile exchange rates, and other challenges that could
affect the global economy. Both our commercial and retail customers may experience deterioration of their financial resources, which could result in existing or potential customers delaying or canceling plans to purchase our products. Our vendors
could experience similar conditions, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. Future weakness in the global economy could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in future
periods. 

We face substantial competition in the industries in which we do business. 

The sale of automotive and industrial parts, office products and electrical materials is highly competitive and impacted by many factors,
including name recognition, product availability, customer service, changing customer preferences, store location, and pricing pressures. Because we seek to offer competitive prices, if our competitors reduce their prices, we may be forced to reduce
our prices, which could result in a material decline in 

11 

Index to Financial Statements

our revenues and earnings. Increased competition among distributors of automotive and industrial parts, office products and electronic materials, including internet-related initiatives, could
cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The Company anticipates no decline in competition in any of its four business segments in the foreseeable future. 

In particular, the market for replacement automotive parts is highly competitive and subjects us to a wide variety of competitors. We compete primarily with national and regional auto parts chains,
independently owned regional and local automotive parts and accessories stores, automobile dealers that supply manufacturer replacement parts and accessories, mass merchandisers and wholesale clubs that sell automotive products and regional and
local full service automotive repair shops, both new and established. Furthermore, the automotive aftermarket has experienced consolidation in recent years. Consolidation among our competitors could further enhance their financial position, provide
them with the ability to provide more competitive prices to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to achieve increased efficiencies in their consolidated operations that enable them to more effectively compete for customers. If we are unable
to continue to develop successful competitive strategies or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline. 

We depend on our relationships with our vendors, and a disruption of our vendor relationships or a disruption in our vendors’
operations could harm our business. 

As a distributor of automotive parts, industrial parts, office products and
electrical/electronic materials, our business depends on developing and maintaining close and productive relationships with our vendors. We depend on our vendors to sell us quality products at favorable prices. Many factors outside our control,
including, without limitation, raw material shortages, inadequate manufacturing capacity, labor disputes, transportation disruptions or weather conditions, could adversely affect our vendors’ ability to deliver to us quality merchandise at
favorable prices in a timely manner. Furthermore, financial or operational difficulties with a particular vendor could cause that vendor to increase the cost of the products or decrease the quality of the products we purchase from it. Vendor
consolidation could also limit the number of suppliers from which we may purchase products and could materially affect the prices we pay for these products. In our automotive business, the number of vendors could decrease considerably, and the
prices charged to us by the remaining vendors could increase, to the extent that vehicle production slows due to a decline in consumer spending or other economic factor. In addition, we would suffer an adverse impact if our vendors limit or cancel
the return privileges that currently protect us from inventory obsolescence. 

If we experience a security breach, if our
internal information systems fail to function properly or if we are unsuccessful in implementing, integrating or upgrading our information systems, our business operations could be materially affected. 

We depend on information systems to process customer orders, manage inventory and accounts receivable collections, purchase products,
manage accounts payable processes, ship products to customers on a timely basis, maintain cost effective operations, provide superior service to customers and accumulate financial results. Despite our implementation of security measures, our IT
systems are vulnerable to damages from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized physical or electronic access, power outages, computer system or network failures, cyber-attacks and other similar disruptions. Maintaining and operating these
measures requires continuous investments, which the Company has made and will continue to make. A security breach could result in sensitive data being lost, manipulated or exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. 

A serious prolonged disruption of our information systems for any of the above reasons could materially impair fundamental business
processes and increase expenses, decrease sales or otherwise reduce earnings. Furthermore, such a breach may harm our reputation and business prospects and subject us to legal claims if there is loss, disclosure or misappropriation of or access to
our customers’ information. As threats related to cyber security breaches develop and grow, we may also find it necessary to make further investments to protect our data and infrastructure. 

12 

Index to Financial Statements

Because we are involved in litigation from time to time and are subject to numerous
laws and governmental regulations, we could incur substantial judgments, fines, legal fees and other costs. 

We are
sometimes the subject of complaints or litigation from customers, employees or other third parties for various actions. The damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings are substantial. Although we maintain liability insurance
for some litigation claims, if one or more of the claims were to greatly exceed our insurance coverage limits or if our insurance policies do not cover a claim, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Additionally, we are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and governmental
regulations relating to taxes, environmental protection, product quality standards, building and zoning requirements, as well as employment law matters. If we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, we may be subject to
governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. In addition, our capital expenses could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or
future laws or regulations. 

We recognize the growing demand for business-to-business and business-to-customer
e-commerce options, and we could lose business if we fail to provide the e-commerce options our customers wish to use. 

Our success in e-commerce depends on our ability to accurately identify the products to make available through e-commerce platforms across
our business segments, and to establish and maintain such platforms to provide the highest level of data security to our customers on and through the platforms our customers wish to use (including mobile) with rapidly changing technology in a highly
competitive environment. 

We are dependent on key personnel and the loss of one or more of those key personnel could
harm our business. 

Our future success significantly depends on the continued services and performance of our key
management personnel. We believe our management team’s depth and breadth of experience in our industry is integral to executing our business plan. We also will need to continue to attract, motivate and retain other key personnel. The loss of
services of members of our senior management team or other key employees, the inability to attract additional qualified personnel as needed or failure to plan for the succession of senior management and key personnel could have a material adverse
effect on our business.