— We Face Substantial Competition in the
 Industries in Which We Do Business.”

 ELECTRICAL/ELECTRONIC
 MATERIALS GROUP

 The Electrical/Electronic Materials Group was formed on
 July 1, 1998 through the acquisition of EIS, Inc.
 (“EIS”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. This Group distributes
 materials to more than 20,000 electrical and electronic
 manufacturers in North America. With 33 branch locations in the
 United States, Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic, Mexico and
 Canada, this Group distributes over 100,000 items including
 wire and cable, insulating and conductive materials, assembly
 tools and test equipment. EIS also has three manufacturing
 facilities that provide custom fabricated parts.

 Distribution System
.  The
 Electrical/Electronic Materials Group provides distribution
 services to OEM’s, motor repair shops and a broad variety
 of industrial assembly markets. EIS actively utilizes its

e-commerce
 Internet site to present its products to customers while
 allowing these on-line visitors to conveniently purchase from a
 large product assortment.

 7

Table of Contents

 Electrical and electronic products are distributed from
 warehouse locations in major user markets throughout the United
 States, as well as in Mexico and Canada. The Company has return
 privileges with some of its suppliers, which have protected the
 Company from inventory obsolescence.

 Products
.  The Electrical/Electronic
 Materials Group distributes a wide variety of products to
 customers from over 350 vendors. These products include custom
 fabricated flexible materials that are used as components within
 a customer’s manufactured finished product in a variety of
 market segments. Among the products distributed and fabricated
 are such items as magnet wire, conductive materials, electrical
 wire and cable, insulating and shielding materials, assembly
 tools, test equipment, adhesives and chemicals, pressure
 sensitive tapes, solder, anti-static products and thermal
 management products. To meet the prompt delivery demands of its
 customers, this Group maintains large inventories. The majority
 of sales are on open account. Approximately 45% of 2010 total
 Electrical/Electronic Materials Group purchases were made from
 10 major suppliers.

 Integrated Supply
.  The
 Electrical/Electronic Materials Group’s integrated supply
 programs are a part of the marketing strategy, as a greater
 number of customers — especially national
 accounts — are given the opportunity to participate in
 this low-cost, high-service capability. The Group developed AIMS
 (Advanced Inventory Management System), a totally integrated,
 highly automated solution for inventory management. The
 Group’s Integrated Supply offering also includes SupplyPro,
 an electronic vending dispenser used to eliminate costly tool
 cribs, or in-house stores, at customer warehouse facilities.

 Segment Data
.  In the year ended
 December 31, 2010, sales from the Company’s
 Electrical/Electronic Materials Group approximated 4% of the
 Company’s net sales, as compared to 3% in 2009 and 4% in
 2008. For additional segment information, see Note 10 of
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth beginning
 on

page F-1.

 Competition
.  The electrical and
 electronics distribution business is highly competitive. The
 Electrical/Electronic Materials Group competes with other
 distributors specializing in the distribution of electrical and
 electronic products, general line distributors and, to a lesser
 extent, manufacturers that sell directly to customers. EIS
 competes primarily on factors of price, product offerings and
 service. Further information regarding competition in the
 industry is set forth in “Item 1A. Risk
 Factors — We Face Substantial Competition in the
 Industries in Which We Do Business.”



.

 FORWARD-LOOKING
 STATEMENTS

 Some statements in this report, as well as in other materials we
 file with the SEC or otherwise release to the public and in
 materials that we make available on our website, constitute
 forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbor
 provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
 1995. Senior officers may also make verbal statements to
 analysts, investors, the media and others that are
 forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may relate, for
 example, to future operations, prospects, strategies, financial
 condition, economic performance (including growth and earnings),
 industry conditions and demand for our products and services.
 The Company cautions that its forward-looking statements involve
 risks and uncertainties, and while we believe that our
 expectations for the future are reasonable in view of currently
 available information, you are cautioned not to place undue
 reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or
 events may differ materially from those indicated in our
 forward-looking statements as a result of various important
 factors. Such factors include, but are not limited to, those
 discussed below.

 Forward-looking statements are only as of the date they are
 made, and the Company undertakes no duty to update its
 forward-looking statements except as required by law. You are
 advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on
 related subjects in our subsequent
 Forms 10-Q,

Form 8-K
 and other reports to the SEC.

 Set forth below are the material risks and uncertainties that,
 if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our
 business or could cause our actual results to differ materially
 from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements
 in this report and in the other public statements we make.
 Please be aware that these risks may change over time and other
 risks may prove to be important in the future. New risks may
 emerge at any

 8

Table of Contents

 time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to
 which they may affect our business, financial condition, results
 of operations or the trading price of our securities.

 Our
 business will be adversely affected if demand for our products
 slows.

 Our business depends on customer demand for the products that we
 distribute. Demand for these products depends on many factors.

 With respect to our automotive group, the primary factors are:

 • 

 the number of miles vehicles are driven annually, as higher
 vehicle mileage increases the need for maintenance and repair;

 • 

 the quality of the vehicles manufactured by the original vehicle
 manufacturers and the length of the warranty or maintenance
 offered on new vehicles;

 • 

 the number of vehicles in current service that are six years old
 and older, as these vehicles are typically no longer under the
 original vehicle manufacturers’ warranty and will need more
 maintenance and repair than newer vehicles;

 • 

 gas prices, as increases in gas prices may deter consumers from
 using their vehicles;

 • 

 changes in travel patterns which may cause consumers to rely
 more on other transportation;

 • 

 restrictions on access to diagnostic tools and repair
 information imposed by the original vehicle manufacturers or by
 governmental regulation, as consumers may be forced to have all
 diagnostic work, repairs and maintenance performed by the
 vehicle manufacturers’ dealer networks; and

 • 

 the economy generally, which in declining conditions may cause
 consumers to defer vehicle maintenance and repair and defer
 discretionary spending.

 With respect to our industrial parts group, the primary factors
 are:

 • 

 the level of industrial production and manufacturing capacity
 utilization, as these indices reflect the need for industrial
 replacement parts;

 • 

 changes in manufacturing reflected in the level of the Institute
 for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index, as an
 index reading of 50 or more implies an expanding manufacturing
 economy, while a reading below 50 implies contracting
 manufacturing economy;

 • 

 the consolidation of certain of our manufacturing customers and
 the trend of manufacturing operations being moved
 overseas; and

 • 

 the economy in general.

 With respect to our office products group, the primary factors
 are:

 • 

 the level of unemployment, especially as it relates to white
 collar and service jobs, as this impacts the need for business
 products; and

 • 

 the economy in general.

 With respect to our electrical/electronic materials group, the
 primary factors are:

 • 

 changes in manufacturing reflected in the level of the Institute
 for Supply Management’s Purchasing Managers Index, as an
 index reading of 50 or more implies an expanding manufacturing
 economy, while a reading below 50 implies contracting
 manufacturing economy; and

 • 

 the economy in general.

 9

Table of Contents

 Uncertainty
 and/or deterioration in general macro-economic conditions,
 including unemployment, inflation or deflation, high energy
 costs, uncertain credit markets, or other economic conditions,
 could have a negative impact on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our business and operating results may in the future be
 adversely affected by uncertain global economic conditions,
 including instability in credit markets, declining consumer and
 business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices, volatile
 exchange rates, and other challenges that could affect the
 global economy. Both our commercial and retail customers may
 experience deterioration of their financial resources, which
 could result in existing or potential customers delaying or
 canceling plans to purchase our products. Our vendors could
 experience similar conditions, which could impact their ability
 to fulfill their obligations to us. Future weakness in the
 global economy could adversely affect our results of operations,
 financial condition and cash flows in future periods.

 We
 depend on our relationships with our vendors, and a disruption
 of our vendor relationships or a disruption in our vendors’
 operations could harm our business.

 As a distributor of automotive replacement parts, industrial
 parts, office products and electrical/electronic materials, our
 business depends on developing and maintaining close and
 productive relationships with our vendors. We depend on our
 vendors to sell us quality products at favorable prices. Many
 factors outside our control, including, without limitation, raw
 material shortages, inadequate manufacturing capacity, labor
 disputes, transportation disruptions or weather conditions,
 could adversely affect our vendors’ ability to deliver to
 us quality merchandise at favorable prices in a timely manner.
 Furthermore, financial or operational difficulties with a
 particular vendor could cause that vendor to increase the cost
 of the products or decrease the quality of the products we
 purchase from it. Vendor consolidation could also limit the
 number of suppliers from which we may purchase products and
 could materially affect the prices we pay for these products. In
 our automotive business, the number of vendors could decrease
 considerably, and the prices charged to us by the remaining
 vendors could increase, to the extent that vehicle production
 slows due to a decline in consumer spending and, possibly, the
 failure of one or more of the large automobile manufacturers. We
 would suffer an adverse impact if our vendors limit or cancel
 the return privileges that currently protect us from inventory
 obsolescence.

 We
 face substantial competition in the industries in which we do
 business.

 The sale of automotive and industrial parts, office products and
 electrical materials is highly competitive and impacted by many
 factors, including name recognition, product availability,
 customer service, anticipating changing customer preferences,
 store location, and pricing pressures. Because we seek to offer
 competitive prices, if our competitors reduce their prices, we
 may be forced to reduce our prices, which could result in a
 material decline in our revenues and earnings. Increased
 competition among distributors of automotive and industrial
 parts, office products and electronic materials, including
 internet-related initiatives, could cause a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations. The Company anticipates no
 decline in competition in any of its four business segments in
 the foreseeable future.

 In particular, the market for replacement automotive parts is
 highly competitive and subjects us to a wide variety of
 competitors. We compete primarily with national and regional
 auto parts chains, independently owned regional and local
 automotive parts and accessories stores, automobile dealers that
 supply manufacturer replacement parts and accessories, mass
 merchandisers and wholesale clubs that sell automotive products
 and regional and local full service automotive repair shops.
 Furthermore, the automotive aftermarket has experienced
 consolidation in recent years. Consolidation among our
 competitors could further enhance their financial position,
 provide them with the ability to provide more competitive prices
 to customers for whom we compete, and allow them to achieve
 increased efficiencies in their consolidated operations that
 enable them to more effectively compete for customers. If we are
 unable to continue to develop successful competitive strategies
 or if our competitors develop more effective strategies, we
 could lose customers and our sales and profits may decline.

 10

Table of Contents

 We may
 not be able to successfully implement our business initiatives
 in each of our four business segments to grow our sales and
 earnings, which could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows.

 We have implemented numerous initiatives in each of our four
 business segments to grow sales and earnings, including the
 introduction of new and expanded product lines, geographic
 expansion (including acquisitions), sales to new markets,
 enhanced customer marketing programs and a variety of gross
 margin and cost savings initiatives. If we are unable to
 implement these initiatives efficiently and effectively, or if
 these initiatives are unsuccessful, our business, financial
 condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
 adversely affected.

 Successful implementation of these initiatives also depends on
 factors specific to the automotive parts industry and the other
 industries in which we operate and numerous other factors that
 may be beyond our control. In addition to the other risk factors
 contained in this “Item 1A. Risk Factors,”
 adverse changes in the following factors could undermine our
 business initiatives and have a material adverse affect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows:

 • 

 the competitive environment in our end markets may force us to
 reduce prices below our desired pricing level or increase
 promotional spending;

 • 

 our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and to
 meet customers’ needs for our products in a timely manner;

 • 

 our ability to successfully enter new markets;

 • 

 our ability to effectively manage our costs;

 • 

 our ability to continue to grow through acquisitions and
 successfully integrate acquired businesses in our existing
 operations; and

 • 

 the economy in general.

 Because
 we are involved in litigation from time to time and are subject
 to numerous laws and governmental regulations, we could incur
 substantial judgments, fines, legal fees and other
 costs.

 We are sometimes the subject of complaints or litigation from
 customers, employees or other third parties for various actions.
 The damages sought against us in some of these litigation
 proceedings are substantial. Although we maintain liability
 insurance for some litigation claims, if one or more of the
 claims were to greatly exceed our insurance coverage limits or
 if our insurance policies do not cover a claim, this could have
 a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations and cash flows.

 Additionally, we are subject to numerous federal, state and
 local laws and governmental regulations relating to
 environmental protection, product quality standards, building
 and zoning requirements, as well as employment law matters. If
 we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations,
 we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or
 sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. In
 addition, our capital expenses could increase due to remediation
 measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant
 with any existing or future laws or regulations.