. 

Our past performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance because actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the risks
and uncertainties discussed below. In addition, historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

9 

Table of Contents

General economic conditions and the impact on consumer spending patterns could adversely impact our
results of operations. 

The Company’s performance is subject to general economic conditions and their impact on levels of consumer spending.
Some of the factors influencing consumer spending include fluctuating interest rates and credit availability, fluctuating fuel and other energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices, higher levels of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels,
reductions in net worth based on market declines, home foreclosures and reductions in home values, and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including our merchandise,
generally decline during periods when disposable income is adversely affected or there is economic uncertainty, and such conditions could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our business is highly competitive. 

The global specialty apparel retail industry is highly
competitive. We compete with local, national, and global department stores, specialty and discount store chains, independent retail stores, and online businesses that market similar lines of merchandise. We face a variety of competitive challenges
including: 

•

 attracting consumer traffic; 

•

 sourcing merchandise efficiently; 

•

 competitively pricing our products and achieving customer perception of value; 

•

 anticipating and quickly responding to changing fashion trends and consumer demands; 

•

 maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively marketing our products to consumers in several diverse market segments; 

•

 developing innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors, and styles that appeal to consumers of varying age groups and tastes; and

•

 providing strong and effective marketing support. 

In addition, our franchisees face significant competition in the markets in which they operate. If we or our franchisees are not able to compete successfully in the United States or internationally, our results of
operations could be adversely affected. 

We must successfully gauge fashion trends and changing consumer preferences to succeed.

Our success is largely dependent upon our ability to gauge the fashion tastes of our customers and to provide merchandise that satisfies customer
demand in a timely manner. However, lead times for many of our purchases are long, which may make it more difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing fashion trends or consumer acceptance of our products. In addition, the competitive
landscape requires that more merchandise be produced through faster pipeline channels. The global specialty retail business fluctuates according to changes in consumer preferences, dictated in part by fashion and season. To the extent we misjudge
the market for our merchandise or the products suitable for local markets or fail to execute trends and deliver product to market as timely as our competitors, our sales will be adversely affected, and the markdowns required to move the resulting
excess inventory will adversely affect our operating results. Some of our past product offerings have not been well received by our broad and diverse customer base. Merchandise misjudgments could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results. 

Our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to changing fashion trends depends in part on our ability to attract and retain key personnel
in our design, merchandising, marketing, and other functions. Competition for this personnel is intense, and we cannot be sure that we will be able to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel in future periods. 

10       GAP I
NC. F
ORM 10-K 

Table of Contents

Fluctuations in the global specialty retail business especially affect the inventory owned by apparel retailers, as
merchandise usually must be ordered well in advance of the season and frequently before fashion trends are evidenced by customer purchases. In addition, the cyclical nature of the global specialty retail business requires us to carry a significant
amount of inventory, especially prior to the peak holiday selling season when we build up our inventory levels. We must enter into contracts for the purchase and manufacture of merchandise well in advance of the applicable selling season. As a
result, we are vulnerable to demand and pricing shifts and to suboptimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. In the past, we have not always predicted our customers’ preferences and acceptance levels of our fashion items with
accuracy. If sales do not meet expectations, too much inventory may cause excessive markdowns, and therefore, lower than planned margins. 

Our products are subject to risks associated with global sourcing and manufacturing, including increased product costs. 

Independent third parties manufacture nearly all of our products for us. As a result, we are directly impacted by increases in the cost of those products
. 

For example, cotton prices have risen substantially since the beginning of fiscal 2010, and we expect them to continue to rise in fiscal 2011. The current
increases in commodity prices, specifically cotton, may put pressure on our average unit costs and may impact our gross margins.

If we experience
significant increases in demand or need to replace an existing vendor, there can be no assurance that additional manufacturing capacity will be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us or that any vendor would allocate sufficient
capacity to us in order to meet our requirements. In addition, for any new manufacturing source, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our vendors in our methods, products, quality control
standards, and environmental, labor, health, and safety standards. Moreover, in the event of a significant disruption in the supply of the fabrics or raw materials used by our vendors in the manufacture of our products, our vendors might not be able
to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price. Any delays, interruption, or increased costs in the manufacture of our products could result in lower sales and net income. 

Because independent vendors manufacture nearly all of our products outside of our principal sales markets, third parties must transport our products over large
geographic distances. Delays in the shipment or delivery of our products due to the availability of transportation, work stoppages, port strikes, infrastructure congestion, or other factors, and costs and delays associated with transitioning between
vendors, could adversely impact our financial performance. Manufacturing delays or unexpected demand for our products may require us to use faster, but more expensive, transportation methods such as aircraft, which could adversely affect our gross
margins. In addition, the cost of fuel is a significant component in transportation costs, so increases in the price of petroleum products can adversely affect our gross margins. 

Our efforts to expand internationally may not be successful and could impair the value of our brands. 

Our current strategies include international expansion in a number of countries around the world through a number of channels and brands. For example, we currently
plan to open additional Gap stores in Europe and China, expand Banana Republic in Europe, open additional outlet stores in Canada, Europe, and Asia, and grow online sales internationally. We have limited experience operating in a number of these
countries. In many of these countries, we face major, established competitors. In addition, in many of these countries, the real estate, employment and labor, transportation and logistics, and other operating requirements differ dramatically from
those in the places where we have experience. Moreover, consumer tastes and trends may differ in many of these countries, and as a result, the sales of our products may not be successful or result in the margins we anticipate. If our international
expansion plans are unsuccessful or do not deliver an appropriate return on our investments, our operations and financial results could be materially, adversely affected. 

We also have entered into franchise agreements with unaffiliated franchisees to operate stores in many countries around the world. Under these agreements, third parties operate, or will operate, stores that sell
apparel and related products under our brand names. However, prior to fiscal 2006, we had no experience operating through these types of third-party arrangements, and we can provide no assurance that these arrangements will be successful. The effect
of these arrangements on our business and results of operations is uncertain and will 

11 

Table of Contents

depend upon various factors, including the demand for our products in new markets internationally and our ability to successfully identify appropriate third parties to act as franchisees,
distributors, or in a similar capacity. In addition, certain aspects of these arrangements are not directly within our control, such as the ability of these third parties to meet their projections regarding store locations, store openings, and
sales. Other risks that may affect these third parties include general economic conditions in specific countries or markets, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, and political instability. Moreover, while the agreements we have entered
into and plan to enter into in the future provide us with certain termination rights, the value of our brands could be impaired to the extent that these third parties do not operate their stores in a manner consistent with our requirements regarding
our brand identities and customer experience standards. Failure to protect the value of our brands, or any other harmful acts or omissions by a franchisee, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and our reputation. 

The market for prime real estate is competitive. 

Our ability to effectively obtain real estate to open new stores nationally and internationally depends on the availability of real estate that meets our criteria
for traffic, square footage, co-tenancies, lease economics, demographics, and other factors, including our ability to negotiate terms that meet our financial targets. We also must be able to effectively renew our existing store leases. In addition,
in recent years, we have been seeking to downsize, consolidate, reposition, or close some of our real estate locations, which in most cases requires a modification of an existing store lease. Failure to secure adequate new locations or successfully
modify existing locations, or failure to effectively manage the profitability of our existing fleet of stores, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Additionally, the current economic environment may make it difficult to determine the fair market rent of retail real estate properties within the United States and internationally. This could impact the quality of
our decisions to exercise lease options at previously negotiated rents and the quality of our decisions to renew expiring leases at negotiated rents. Any adverse effect on the quality of these decisions could impact our ability to retain real estate
locations adequate to meet our targets or efficiently manage the profitability of our existing fleet of stores and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales and margins. 

Our success depends in part on
our ability to improve sales, in particular at our largest brands. A variety of factors affect comparable store sales, including fashion trends, competition, current economic conditions, the timing of new merchandise releases and promotional events,
changes in our merchandise mix, the success of marketing programs, and weather conditions. These factors may cause our comparable store sales results to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations. Our comparable store sales have
fluctuated significantly in the past on an annual, quarterly, and monthly basis as demonstrated by a decrease of 12 percent in fiscal 2008, a decrease of 3 percent in fiscal 2009, and an increase of 1 percent in fiscal 2010. Over the past five
years, our reported gross margins have ranged from a high of 40 percent in fiscal 2009 to a low of 36 percent in fiscal 2006. In addition, over the past five years, our reported operating margins have ranged from a high of 13 percent in fiscal 2010
to a low of 8 percent in fiscal 2006. 

Our ability to deliver strong comparable store sales results and margins depends in large part on accurately
forecasting demand and fashion trends, selecting effective marketing techniques, providing an appropriate mix of merchandise for our broad and diverse customer base, managing inventory effectively, using effective pricing strategies, and optimizing
store performance. Failure to meet the expectations of investors, securities analysts, or credit rating agencies in one or more future periods could reduce the market price of our common stock and cause our credit ratings to decline. 

Changes in our credit profile or deterioration in market conditions may limit our access to the capital markets. 

Although we believe our existing cash and cash equivalents combined with future cash flow from our operations will be adequate to satisfy our business operations
needs for the foreseeable future, we may require additional cash for unexpected contingencies. 

12       GAP I
NC. F
ORM 10-K 

Table of Contents

There can be no assurance that our current levels of liquidity will continue or that our ability to access the credit
or capital markets will not be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy. 

Any future reduction in our long-term
senior unsecured credit rating could result in reduced access to the credit and capital markets and higher interest costs on future financings. 

As of
January 29, 2011, the Company had $1.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. 

For further information on our credit
facilities, see the section entitled “Credit Facilities” in our “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included as Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

Trade matters may disrupt our supply chain. 

Trade
restrictions, including increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, safeguards, and customs restrictions against apparel items, as well as U.S. or foreign labor strikes, work stoppages, or boycotts, could increase the cost or reduce the supply of
apparel available to us and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We cannot predict whether any of the countries in which our merchandise currently is manufactured or may be manufactured in the future will be
subject to additional trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. and other foreign governments, including the likelihood, type, or effect of any such restrictions. In addition, we face the possibility of anti-dumping or countervailing duties lawsuits
from U.S. domestic producers. We are unable to determine the impact of the changes to the quota system or the impact that potential tariff lawsuits could have on our global sourcing operations. Our sourcing operations may be adversely affected by
trade limits or political and financial instability, resulting in the disruption of trade from exporting countries, significant fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, restrictions on the transfer of funds, and/or
other trade disruptions. 

Updates or changes to our IT systems may disrupt operations. 

We continue to evaluate and implement upgrades to our IT systems. Upgrades involve replacing existing systems with successor systems, making changes to existing
systems, or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. We are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing these systems, including accurately capturing data and system disruptions, and believe we are taking appropriate
action to mitigate the risks through testing, training, and staging implementation, as well as ensuring appropriate commercial contracts are in place with third-party vendors supplying such replacement technologies. However, there can be no
assurances that we will successfully launch these systems as planned or that they will occur without disruptions to our operations. IT system disruptions, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, or failure to successfully implement new
or upgraded systems, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our IT services agreement with IBM could cause
disruptions in our operations and have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

We have entered into the sixth year of a ten-year non-exclusive
services agreement with International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) under which IBM operates certain significant aspects of our IT infrastructure. Under the original agreement, this included supporting our mainframe, server,
network and data center, and store operations, as well as help desk, end user support, and some disaster recovery. The agreement was amended effective March 2, 2009 to return to us certain services originally performed by IBM under the
agreement. These returned services include services related to management of our server and data center environment, along with disaster recovery. All other services remain with IBM per the original agreement. Our ability to realize the expected
benefits of this arrangement is subject to various risks, some of which are not within our complete control. These risks include, but are not limited to, disruption in services and the failure to protect the security and integrity of the
Company’s data under the terms of the agreement. We are unable to provide assurances that some or all of these risks will not occur. Failure to effectively mitigate these risks, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our
operations and financial results. 

13 

Table of Contents

Failure of our vendors to adhere to our code of vendor conduct could harm our business. 

We purchase nearly all merchandise from third-party vendors outside of the United States and require those vendors to adhere to a code of vendor conduct and other
environmental, labor, health, and safety standards for the benefit of workers. From time to time, contractors may not be in compliance with these standards or applicable local laws. Significant or continuing noncompliance with such standards and
laws by one or more contractors could have a negative impact on our reputation and an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Changes
in the regulatory or administrative landscape could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Laws and regulations at the
state, federal, and international levels frequently change, and the ultimate cost of compliance cannot be precisely estimated. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that may result from changes in the regulatory or administrative landscape. Any
changes in regulations, the imposition of additional regulations, or the enactment of any new or more stringent legislation that impacts employment and labor, trade, product safety, transportation and logistics, health care, tax, privacy, or
environmental issues, among others, could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.