Our past performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance because actual future results and
trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed below. In addition, historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods.

We must successfully gauge fashion trends and changing consumer preferences to succeed. 

Our success is largely dependent upon our ability to gauge the fashion tastes of our customers and to provide merchandise that satisfies customer demand in a timely manner. The global specialty retail business fluctuates
according to changes in consumer preferences dictated, in part, by fashion and season. To the extent we misjudge the market for our merchandise or the products suitable for local markets, our sales will be adversely affected and the markdowns
required to move the resulting excess inventory will adversely affect our operating results. Some of our past product offerings have not been well received by our broad and diverse customer base. Merchandise misjudgments could have a material
adverse effect on our operating results. 

Our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to changing fashion trends depends in part on our ability to attract and
retain key personnel in our design, merchandising, marketing and other functions. Competition for this personnel is intense, and we cannot be sure that we will be able to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel in future
periods. 

Fluctuations in the global specialty retail business especially affect the inventory owned by apparel retailers, since merchandise usually must be ordered
well in advance of the season and frequently before fashion trends are evidenced by customer purchases. In addition, the cyclical nature of the global specialty retail business requires us to carry a significant amount of inventory, especially prior
to peak back-to-school and holiday selling seasons when we build up our inventory levels. We must enter into contracts for the purchase and manufacture of merchandise well in advance of the applicable selling season. As a result, we are vulnerable
to demand and pricing shifts and to suboptimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. In the past, we have not always predicted our customers’ preferences and acceptance levels of our fashion items with accuracy. In addition, lead times
for many of our purchases are long, which may make it more difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing fashion trends or consumer acceptance for our products. If sales do not meet expectations, too much inventory may cause excessive
markdowns and, therefore, lower than planned margins. 

Our business is highly competitive and depends on consumer spending patterns. 

The global specialty apparel retail industry is highly competitive. We compete with national and local department stores, specialty and discount store chains, independent retail
stores and internet businesses that market similar lines of merchandise. We face a variety of competitive challenges including: 

•

 anticipating and quickly responding to changing consumer demands; 

•

 maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively marketing our products to consumers in several diverse market segments; 

•

 developing innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors and styles that appeal to consumers of varying age groups and tastes; 

•

 sourcing merchandise efficiently; 

•

 competitively pricing our products and achieving customer perception of value; 

8  
Gap Inc. Form 10-K

Table of Contents

•

 providing strong and effective marketing support; and 

•

 attracting consumer traffic. 

Our business is sensitive to a number of
factors that influence the levels of consumer spending, including political and economic conditions such as recessionary environments, the levels of disposable consumer income, consumer debt, interest rates and consumer confidence. Declines in
consumer spending on apparel and accessories could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 

We are also faced with competition in European, Japanese
and Canadian markets from established regional and national chains. Our success in these markets depends on determining a sustainable profit formula to build brand loyalty and gain market share in these challenging retail environments. If our
international business is not successful or if we cannot effectively take advantage of international growth opportunities, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The market for prime real estate is competitive. 

Our ability to effectively obtain real estate to open new stores depends upon the
availability of real estate that meets our criteria for traffic, square footage, co-tenancies, lease economics, demographics, and other factors, including our ability to negotiate terms that meet our financial targets. In addition, we must be able
to effectively renew our existing store leases. Failure to secure real estate locations adequate to meet annual targets, as well as effectively managing the profitability of our existing fleet of stores, could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations. 

We experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales and margins. 

Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to improve sales, as well as both gross margins and operating margins. A variety of factors affect comparable store sales, including fashion trends, competition, current economic
conditions, the timing of release of new merchandise and promotional events, changes in our merchandise mix, the success of marketing programs and weather conditions. These factors may cause our comparable store sales results to differ materially
from prior periods and from expectations. Our comparable store sales have fluctuated significantly in the past on an annual, quarterly and monthly basis. More recently, over the past three years, our comparable store sales figures have been negative
year over year as demonstrated by a decrease of five percent in fiscal 2005, a decrease of seven percent in fiscal 2006, and a decrease of four percent in fiscal 2007. Over the past five years, our reported gross margins have ranged from a high of
39 percent in fiscal 2004 to a low of 36 percent in fiscal 2006. In addition, over the past five years, our reported operating margins have ranged from a low of 8 percent in fiscal 2006 to a high of 12 percent in fiscal 2004. 

Our ability to deliver strong comparable store sales results and margins depends, in large part, on accurately forecasting demand and fashion trends, selecting effective marketing
techniques, providing an appropriate mix of merchandise for our broad and diverse customer base, managing inventory effectively, using more effective pricing strategies, and optimizing store performance by closing under performing stores. Failure to
meet the expectations of investors, security analysts or credit rating agencies in one or more future periods could reduce the market price of our common stock and cause our credit ratings to decline. 

Changes in our credit ratings may limit our access to the capital market. 

As a result of
changes to our long-term credit ratings, we do not have meaningful access to the commercial paper market. Although we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments combined with future cash flow from our operations
will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future, we may require additional cash for unexpected contingencies. 

Gap Inc. Form 10-K
  9 

Table of Contents

The interest on our $500 million notes payable due
December 2008, of which only $138 million remains outstanding, is subject to increase or decrease by 0.25 percent for each rating downgrade or upgrade, respectively, of our long-term senior unsecured debt ratings by rating agencies. The interest
rate on the notes was 10.05 percent per annum as of February 2, 2008. 

Any future reduction in our long-term senior unsecured credit rating could result in
reduced access to the capital markets and higher interest costs on future financings. 

For further information on our debt and credit facilities see the sections
entitled “Debt” and “Credit Facilities” in our “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” included as Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 

Trade matters may disrupt our supply chain. 

We cannot predict whether any of the
countries in which our merchandise currently is manufactured or may be manufactured in the future will be subject to additional trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. and other foreign governments, including the likelihood, type or effect of any
such restrictions. Trade restrictions, including increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions, against apparel items, as well as U.S. or foreign labor strikes, work stoppages or boycotts, could increase the cost or
reduce the supply of apparel available to us and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the quota system established by the Agreement on Textiles and Clothing was phased out for World Trade
Organization countries effective January 1, 2005, the U.S. and China agreed to continue with safeguards on textiles and apparel in China through December 31, 2008. There can be no assurances that additional restrictions will not be
reestablished for certain categories in specific countries. We are unable to determine the impact of the changes to the quota system on our global sourcing operations, including China and Vietnam. Our sourcing operations may be adversely affected by
trade limits or political and financial instability resulting in the disruption of trade from exporting countries, significant fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, restrictions on the transfer of funds and/or other
trade disruptions. 

Updates or changes to our IT systems may disrupt operations. 

We continue to evaluate and implement upgrades to our information technology systems. Upgrades involve replacing existing systems with successor systems, making changes to existing systems or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new
functionality. We are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing these systems, including accurately capturing data and system disruptions, and believe we are taking appropriate action to mitigate the risks through testing, training and
staging implementation as well as ensuring appropriate commercial contracts with third-party vendors supplying such replacement technologies are in place. For example, in fiscal 2007, we implemented the first phase of our new merchandise planning
system. The new merchandise planning system will be rolled out to our domestic operations in fiscal 2008 and 2009. Although we are on track with replacement or upgrade of our systems, there can be no assurances that we will successfully launch these
systems as planned or that they will occur without disruptions to operations. Information technology system disruptions, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our IT services agreement with IBM could cause disruptions in our operations and an adverse effect on our financial results. 

We have entered into the third year of a ten-year non-exclusive services agreement with IBM under which IBM operates certain significant aspects of our information technology
infrastructure, including supporting our mainframe, server, network and data center, and store operations, as well as help desk, end user support, and some disaster recovery. Under this agreement, we expect to continue to enhance the capabilities of
and level of service realized from our technology infrastructure, while reducing the costs associated with these functions over 

10  
Gap Inc. Form 10-K

Table of Contents

time. However, our ability to realize the expected benefits of this arrangement is subject to various risks, some of which are not within our complete control. These
risks include disruption in services, the inability to quickly respond to changes in technology, and the failure to protect the security and integrity of the Company’s data under the terms of the agreement. We are unable to provide assurances
that some or all of these risks will not occur. Failure to effectively mitigate these risks if they occur could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. However, we are actively managing the framework of the agreement
to align it with our evolving business needs, which include financial benchmarking, in-sourcing, and adjusting service levels as appropriate. 

Our efforts to
expand internationally through franchising and similar arrangements may not be successful and could impair the value of our brands. 

We entered into franchise
agreements with unaffiliated franchisees to operate stores in Asia, Europe and the Middle East. Under these agreements, third parties operate, or will operate, stores that sell apparel, purchased from us, under our brand names. Prior to fiscal 2006,
we had no experience operating through these types of third-party arrangements, and we can provide no assurance that these arrangements will be successful. While we expect that this will be a small part of our business in the near future, we plan to
continue to increase the number of countries in which we enter into these types of arrangements over time as part of our efforts to expand internationally. The effect of these arrangements on our business and results of operations is uncertain and
will depend upon various factors, including the demand for our products in new markets internationally and our ability to successfully identify appropriate third parties to act as franchisees, distributors or in a similar capacity. In addition,
certain aspects of these arrangements are not directly in our control, such as the ability of these third parties to meet their projections regarding store openings and sales. Moreover, while the agreements we have entered into and plan to enter
into in the future provide us with certain termination rights, to the extent that these third parties do not operate their stores in a manner consistent with our requirements regarding our brand identities and customer experience standards, the
value of our brands could be impaired. Failure to successfully expand internationally through franchising or similar arrangements, or a failure to protect the value of our brands or any other acts or omissions by a franchisee, could have an adverse
effect on our results of operations or our reputation. 

Our products are subject to risks associated with overseas sourcing and manufacturing. 

Independent third parties manufacture the majority of our products for us. If we experience significant increases in demand, or need to replace an existing vendor, there can be no
assurance that additional manufacturing capacity will be available when required on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, or that any vendor would allocate sufficient capacity to us in order to meet our requirements. In addition, even if we
are able to expand existing or find new manufacturing sources, we may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train our vendors in our methods, products, quality control standards, and labor, health and
safety standards. Moreover, in the event of a significant disruption in the supply of the fabrics or raw materials used by our vendors in the manufacture of our products, our vendors might not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of
comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all. Any delays, interruption or increased costs in the manufacture of our products could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet retail customer and consumer demand for our products and result
in lower revenues and net earnings both in the short and long term. 

Because independent vendors manufacture the majority of our products outside of our principal
sales markets, our products must be transported by third parties over large geographic distances. Delays in the shipment or delivery of our products due to the availability of transportation, work stoppages, port strikes, infrastructure congestion,
or other factors, and costs and delays associated with transitioning between vendors, could adversely impact our financial performance. Manufacturing delays or unexpected demand for our products may require us to use faster, but more expensive,
transportation methods such as aircraft, which could adversely affect our profit margins. In addition, the cost of fuel is a significant component in transportation costs, so increases in the price of petroleum products can adversely affect our
profit margins. 

Gap Inc. Form 10-K
  11 

Table of Contents

Failure of our vendors to adhere to our code of
vendor conduct could harm our business. 

We purchase nearly all merchandise from third-party vendors outside of the United States and require those vendors to
adhere to a code of vendor conduct and other environmental, health, and safety standards for the benefit of workers. From time to time, contractors may not be in compliance with these standards or applicable local laws. Significant or continuing
noncompliance with such standards and laws by one or more contractors could have a negative impact on our reputation and a material adverse effect on our results of operations.