Our past performance may not be a
reliable indicator of future performance because actual future results and trends may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties discussed below. In addition, historical trends
should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

We must successfully gauge fashion trends and changing consumer
preferences to succeed. 

Our success is largely dependent upon our ability to gauge the fashion tastes of our customers and to provide
merchandise that satisfies customer demand in a timely manner. The global specialty retail business fluctuates according to changes in consumer preferences dictated, in part, by fashion and season. To the extent we misjudge the market for our
merchandise or the products suitable for local markets, our sales will be adversely affected and the markdowns required to move the resulting excess inventory will adversely affect our operating results. Some of our past product offerings have not
been well received by our broad and diverse customer base. Merchandise misjudgments could have a material adverse effect on our image with our customers and on our operating results. 

Our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to changing fashion trends depends in part on our ability to attract and retain key personnel in our
design, merchandising, marketing and other functions. Competition for this personnel is intense, and we cannot be sure that we will be able to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel in future periods. 

Fluctuations in the global specialty retail business especially affect the inventory owned by apparel retailers, since merchandise usually must be
ordered well in advance of the season and frequently before fashion trends are evidenced by customer purchases. In addition, the cyclical nature of the global specialty retail business requires us to carry a significant amount of inventory,
especially prior to peak Back-to-School and Holiday selling seasons when we build up our inventory levels. We must enter into contracts for the purchase and manufacture of merchandise well in advance of the applicable selling season. As a result, we
are vulnerable to demand and pricing shifts and to suboptimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. In the past, we have not always predicted our customers’ preferences and acceptance levels of our fashion items with accuracy. In
addition, lead times for many of our purchases are long, which may make it more difficult for us to respond rapidly to new or changing fashion trends or consumer acceptance for our products. If sales do not meet expectations, too much inventory may
cause excessive markdowns and, therefore, lower than planned margins. 

Our business is highly competitive and depends on consumer
spending patterns. 

The global specialty apparel retail industry is highly competitive. We compete with national and local department
stores, specialty and discount store chains, independent retail stores and internet businesses that market similar lines of merchandise. We face a variety of competitive challenges including: 

•

 anticipating and quickly responding to changing consumer demands; 

•

 maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively marketing our products to consumers in several diverse market segments; 

8 

Table of Contents

•

 developing innovative, high-quality products in sizes, colors and styles that appeal to consumers of varying age groups and tastes; 

•

 sourcing merchandise efficiently; 

•

 competitively pricing our products and achieving customer perception of value; 

•

 providing strong and effective marketing support; and 

•

 maintaining high levels of consumer traffic. 

Our business is sensitive to a number of factors that influence the levels of consumer spending, including political and economic conditions such as recessionary environments, the levels of disposable consumer income, consumer debt,
interest rates and consumer confidence. Declines in consumer spending on apparel and accessories could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

We are also faced with competition in European, Japanese and Canadian markets from established regional and national chains. Our success in these markets depends on determining a sustainable profit formula to build
brand loyalty and gain market share in these especially challenging retail environments. If our international business is not successful or if we cannot effectively take advantage of international growth opportunities, our results of operations
could be adversely affected. 

The market for prime real estate is competitive. 

Our ability to effectively obtain real estate to open new stores depends upon the availability of real estate that meets our criteria, including traffic,
square footage, co-tenancies, lease economics, demographics, and other factors, and our ability to negotiate terms that meet our financial targets. In addition, we must be able to effectively renew our existing store leases. Failure to secure real
estate locations adequate to meet annual targets, as well as effectively managing the profitability of our existing fleet of stores, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales and margins. 

Our success depends, in part, upon our ability to continue to further improve sales, as well as both gross margins and operating margins. Our comparable
store sales have fluctuated significantly in the past on an annual, quarterly and monthly basis, and we expect that they will continue to fluctuate in the future. For example, over the past three years, our quarterly comparable store sales have
ranged from an increase of 7% in the first fiscal quarter of fiscal 2004 to a decrease of 9% in the first fiscal quarter of 2006. Our comparable store sales in fiscal 2006 decreased 7% from fiscal 2005. A variety of factors affect comparable store
sales, including fashion trends, competition, current economic conditions, the timing of release of new merchandise and promotional events, changes in our merchandise mix, the success of marketing programs and weather conditions. These factors may
cause our comparable store sales results to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations. Over the past five years our reported gross margins have ranged from a low of 34% in fiscal 2002 to 38% in fiscal 2003 to a high of 39% in fiscal
2004. In addition, over the past five years our reported operating margins have ranged from a low of 7% in fiscal 2002 to a high of 12% in fiscal 2004. 

Our ability to deliver strong comparable store sales results and margins depends in large part on accurately forecasting demand and fashion trends, selecting effective marketing techniques, providing an appropriate
mix of merchandise for our broad and diverse customer base, managing inventory effectively, using more effective pricing strategies, and optimizing store performance by closing under performing stores. Failure to meet the expectations of investors,
security analysts or credit rating agencies in one or more future periods could reduce the market price of our common stock and cause our credit ratings to decline. 

9 

Table of Contents

Changes in our credit ratings may have a negative or positive impact on our financing costs and
structure in future periods. 

In November 2001, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of debt securities at an original
annual interest rate of 8.80%, due December 15, 2008 (the “Notes”), of which only $138 million remained outstanding as of February 3, 2007. The interest rate payable on the Notes is subject to adjustment from time to time if
either Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”) or Standard & Poor’s Rating Service (“Standard & Poor’s”) reduces the rating ascribed to the Notes below Baa2, in the case of Moody’s, or
below BBB+, in the case of Standard & Poor’s. The interest rate on the Notes increases by 0.25% for each rating category downgrade by either rating agency. In addition, if Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s subsequently
increases the rating ascribed to the Notes, the ongoing interest rate then payable on the Notes decreases by 0.25% for each rating category upgrade by either rating agency up to Baa2, in the case of Moody’s, or BBB+, in the case of
Standard & Poor’s. In no event will the interest rate be reduced below the original interest rate payable on the Notes. As a result of changes to our long-term credit ratings, the interest rate payable by us on the Notes has varied
from 8.80% to 10.55% per annum. The interest rate on the Notes as of January 29, 2006 was 9.55%. On November 17, 2006, Standard & Poor’s downgraded our long term credit rating to BB+ which increased the interest rate
payable on the Notes to 9.80% effective as of December 15, 2006. On February 5, 2007, Moody’s downgraded our long term credit rating to Ba1 which will increase the interest rate payable on the Notes to 10.05% effective as of
June 15, 2007. Given our current credit ratings, we do not have meaningful access to the commercial paper market. Any future reduction in our long-term senior unsecured credit rating could result in reduced access to the capital markets and
higher interest costs on future financings. 

For further information on our credit rating including outlook see the section entitled
“Debt and Credit Facility” in our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included as Part II, Item 7. 

Trade matters and IT systems changes may disrupt our supply chain. 

We cannot predict whether any of
the countries in which our merchandise currently is manufactured or may be manufactured in the future will be subject to additional trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. and other foreign governments, including the likelihood, type or effect of any
such restrictions. Trade restrictions, including increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, safeguards and customs restrictions, against apparel items, as well as U.S. or foreign labor strikes, work stoppages or boycotts, could increase the cost or
reduce the supply of apparel available to us and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the quota system established by the Agreement on Textiles and Clothing was completely phased out for World Trade
Organization countries effective January 1, 2005, there can be no assurances that restrictions will not be reestablished for certain categories in specific countries. We are unable to determine the impact of the changes to the quota system on
our global sourcing operations, including China and Vietnam. Our sourcing operations may be adversely affected by trade limits or political and financial instability resulting in the disruption of trade from exporting countries, significant
fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies, restrictions on the transfer of funds and/or other trade disruptions. 

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to source and distribute merchandise efficiently. We continue to evaluate and are currently implementing modifications and upgrades to our information technology systems supporting the
product pipeline, including merchandise planning and inventory management. Modifications involve replacing legacy systems with successor systems or making changes to legacy systems. We are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing and
changing these core systems, including accurately capturing data and possibly encountering supply chain disruptions, and believe we are taking appropriate action to mitigate the risks through testing, training and staging implementation as well as
ensuring appropriate commercial contracts are in place with third-party vendors supplying such replacement technologies. We have completed implementation of the Perpetual and Financial inventory system and have launched an initiative to replace our
merchandise planning system, which will be rolled out in a phased approach over a two- to three-year 

10 

Table of Contents

period, starting in 2007. Although we are on track with the replacement of our systems, there can be no assurances that we will successfully launch these new
systems as planned or that they will occur without supply chain or other disruptions. Supply chain disruptions, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

We are implementing certain other changes to our IT systems that may disrupt operations. 

In addition to modifying and replacing our systems related to merchandise planning and inventory management, we continue to evaluate and implement
upgrades to our information technology systems for point of sales (cash registers), real estate, finance and human resources. Upgrades involve replacing legacy systems with current and industry-accepted successor systems, making changes to legacy
systems or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. We are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing these systems, including accurately capturing data and system disruptions, and believe we are taking appropriate
action to mitigate the risks through testing, training and staging implementation as well as ensuring appropriate commercial contracts with third-party vendors supplying such replacement technologies are in place. The launch of these successor
systems will take place in a phased approach over an approximate five to six year period that began in 2002. In 2004 we completed installation of our new point of sales system in all of our domestic stores, implemented our global financial systems,
and replaced our lease management systems. In 2005 we introduced a new online platform, completed implementation of our perpetual and financial inventory system and implemented a new human resources/payroll system. In late fiscal 2005, we entered
into an agreement with International Business Machines Corporation (also see the following paragraph entitled “Our IT services agreement with IBM could cause disruptions in our operations and an adverse effect on our financial results”).
Although we are on track with replacement of our systems, there can be no assurances that we will successfully launch the remaining systems as planned or that they will occur without disruptions to operations. Information technology system
disruptions, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Our IT services
agreement with IBM could cause disruptions in our operations and an adverse effect on our financial results. 

In January 2006, we
entered into a non-exclusive services agreement with International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”) under which IBM operates certain significant aspects of our information technology infrastructure that historically were operated by
us, including technology services supporting our mainframe, server, network and data center, and store operations, as well as help desk, end user support, and some disaster recovery services. We started transitioning these services to IBM in March
2006 and completed the transition in late July 2006. In the period immediately following the completion of transition we experienced some delayed response to normal technology operation issues. As a result, process and procedural changes were made,
which resulted in stable technology operations environment and no disruption during the peak holiday period, but there is no guarantee that we will not experience additional disruptions in the future as a result of this transition. Under this
agreement, we expect to continue to enhance the capabilities of and level of service realized from our technology infrastructure, while reducing the costs associated with these functions over time. However, our ability to realize the expected
benefits of this arrangement is subject to various risks, some of which are not within our complete control. These risks include the risk that IBM will not be able to provide the anticipated levels of service on an ongoing basis or as our business
changes over time, and the risk that IBM will be unable to maintain the security and integrity of the Company’s data under the terms of the agreement. In addition, although there are certain pricing protections built into the services
agreement, there is a risk that our costs under this arrangement, including the amounts that we are obligated to pay IBM, will exceed the costs that we would have incurred if we had not entered into this arrangement. We are unable to provide
assurances that some or all of these risks will not occur, in particular, because we do not have experience outsourcing these aspects of our technology infrastructure. Failure to effectively mitigate these risks if they occur could have a material
adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 

11 

Table of Contents

Our growth is dependent on strategy development. 

Our ability to grow our existing brands and develop or identify new growth opportunities depends in part on our ability to appropriately identify, develop
and effectively execute strategies and initiatives. Failure to effectively identify, develop and execute strategies and initiatives may lead to increased operating costs without offsetting benefits and could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations. 

Our efforts to expand internationally through franchising and similar arrangements may not be successful and
could impair the value of our brands. 

We entered into franchise agreements with unaffiliated franchisees to operate stores in
Singapore, Malaysia, United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, Oman, Indonesia, and Korea. Under these agreements, third parties operate, or will operate, stores that sell apparel, purchased from us, under our brand names. Prior to 2006, we had
no experience operating through these types of third party arrangements, and we can provide no assurance that these arrangements will be successful. While we expect that this will be a small part of our business in the near future, we plan to
continue to increase the number of countries in which we enter into these types of arrangements over time as part of our efforts to expand internationally. The effect of these arrangements on our business and results of operations is uncertain and
will depend upon various factors, including the demand for our products in new markets internationally and our ability to successfully identify appropriate third parties to act as franchisees, distributors or in a similar capacity. In addition,
certain aspects of these arrangements are not directly in our control, such as the ability of these third parties to meet their projections regarding store openings and sales. Moreover, while the agreements we have entered into and plan to enter
into in the future provide us with certain termination rights, to the extent that these third parties do not operate their stores in a manner consistent with our requirements regarding our brand identities and customer experience standards, the
value of our brands could be impaired. Failure to successfully expand internationally through franchising or similar arrangements, or a failure to protect the value of our brands, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.