Our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows can be affected by a number of factors, including but
 not limited to those set forth below and elsewhere in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K,
 any one of which could cause our actual results to vary
 materially from recent results or from our anticipated future
 results.

 Our future
 success is dependent on demand for and market acceptance of new
 commercial and military aircraft programs.

 We are currently under contract to supply components and systems
 for a number of new commercial, general aviation and military
 aircraft programs, including the Airbus A380 and

 8

 A350, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, the Embraer 190, the Dassault
 Falcon 7X and the Lockheed Martin F-35 JSF and F-22 Raptor.
 We have made and will continue to make substantial investments
 and incur substantial development costs in connection with these
 programs. We cannot provide assurance that each of these
 programs will enter full-scale production as expected or that
 demand for the aircraft will be sufficient to allow us to recoup
 our investment in these programs. In addition, we cannot assure
 you that we will be able to extend our contracts relating to
 these programs beyond the initial contract periods. If any of
 these programs are not successful, it could have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
 of operations.

 The market
 segments we serve are cyclical and sensitive to domestic and
 foreign economic considerations that could adversely affect our
 business and financial results.

 The market segments in which we sell our products are, to
 varying degrees, cyclical and have experienced periodic
 downturns in demand. For example, certain of our commercial
 aviation products sold to aircraft manufacturers have
 experienced downturns during periods of slowdowns in the
 commercial airline industry and during periods of weak general
 economic conditions, as demand for new aircraft typically
 declines during these periods. Although we believe that
 aftermarket demand for many of our products may reduce our
 exposure to these business downturns, we have experienced these
 conditions in our business in the recent past and may experience
 downturns in the future.

 Capital spending by airlines and aircraft manufacturers may be
 influenced by a variety of factors including current and
 predicted traffic levels, load factors, aircraft fuel pricing,
 labor issues, competition, the retirement of older aircraft,
 regulatory changes, terrorism and related safety concerns,
 general economic conditions, worldwide airline profits and
 backlog levels. Also, since a substantial portion of commercial
 airplane OE deliveries are scheduled beyond 2006, changes in
 economic conditions may cause customers to request that firm
 orders be rescheduled or canceled. Aftermarket sales and service
 trends are affected by similar factors, including usage,
 pricing, regulatory changes, the retirement of older aircraft
 and technological improvements that increase reliability and
 performance. A reduction in spending by airlines or aircraft
 manufacturers could have a significant effect on the demand for
 our products, which could have an adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows.

 Current
 conditions in the airline industry could adversely affect our
 business and financial results.

 Increases in fuel costs, high labor costs and heightened
 competition from low cost carriers have adversely affected the
 financial condition of some commercial airlines. Recently,
 several airlines have declared bankruptcy or indicated that
 bankruptcy may be imminent. A portion of our sales are derived
 from the sale of products directly to airlines, and we sometimes
 provide sales incentives to airlines and record unamortized
 sales incentives as other assets. If an airline declares
 bankruptcy, we may be unable to collect our outstanding accounts
 receivable from the airline and we may be required to record a
 charge related to unamortized sales incentives to the extent
 they cannot be recovered.

 A significant
 decline in business with Airbus or Boeing could adversely affect
 our business and financial results.

 For the year ended December 31, 2005, approximately
 16 percent and 12 percent of our sales were made to
 Airbus and Boeing, respectively, for all categories of products,
 including original equipment (OE) and aftermarket products for
 commercial and military aircraft and space applications.
 Accordingly, a significant reduction in purchases by either of
 these customers could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
 flows.

 9

 Demand for our
 defense and space-related products is dependent upon government
 spending.

 Approximately 28 percent of our sales for the year ended
 December 31, 2005 were derived from the military and space
 market segments. Included in that category are direct and
 indirect sales to the U.S. Government, which represented
 approximately 18 percent of our sales for the year ended
 December 31, 2005. The military and space market segments
 are largely dependent upon government budgets, particularly the
 U.S. defense budget. We cannot assure you that an increase
 in defense spending will be allocated to programs that would
 benefit our business. Moreover, we cannot assure you that new
 military aircraft programs in which we participate will enter
 full-scale production as expected. A change in levels of defense
 spending or levels of military flight operations could curtail
 or enhance our prospects in these market segments, depending
 upon the programs affected.

 Our business
 could be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain the
 necessary raw materials and components.

 We purchase a variety of raw materials and components for use in
 the manufacture of our products, including aluminum, titanium,
 steel and carbon fiber. The loss of a significant supplier or
 the inability of a supplier to meet our performance and quality
 specifications or delivery schedules could affect our ability to
 complete our contractual obligations to our customers on a
 satisfactory, timely and/or profitable basis. These events may
 adversely affect our operating results, result in the
 termination of one or more of our customer contracts or damage
 our reputation and relationships with our customers. All of
 these events could have a material adverse effect on our
 business.

 We use a
 number of estimates in accounting for some long-term contracts.
 Changes in our estimates could materially affect our future
 financial results.

 We account for sales and profits on some long-term contracts in
 accordance with the
 percentage-of-completion
 method of accounting, using the cumulative

catch-up
 method to account for revisions in estimates. The

percentage-of-completion
 method of accounting involves the use of various estimating
 techniques to project revenues and costs at completion and
 various assumptions and projections relative to the outcome of
 future events, including the quantity and timing of product
 deliveries, future labor performance and rates, and material and
 overhead costs. These assumptions involve various levels of
 expected performance improvements. Under the cumulative

catch-up
 method, the impact of revisions in our estimates related to
 units shipped to date is recognized immediately.

 Because of the significance of the judgments and estimates
 described above, it is likely that we could record materially
 different amounts if we used different assumptions or if the
 underlying circumstances or estimates were to change.
 Accordingly, changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or
 estimates may materially affect our future financial performance.

 Competitive
 pressures may adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

 The aerospace industry in which we operate is highly
 competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of U.S. and
 foreign companies that are both larger and smaller than we are
 in terms of resources and market share, and some of which are
 our customers. While we are the market and technology leader in
 many of our products, in certain areas some of our competitors
 may have more extensive or more specialized engineering,
 manufacturing or marketing capabilities and lower manufacturing
 cost. As a result, these competitors may be able to adapt more
 quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
 requirements or may be able to devote greater resources to the
 development, promotion and sale of their products than we can.

 10

 The
 significant consolidation occurring in the aerospace industry
 could adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

 The aerospace industry in which we operate has been experiencing
 significant consolidation among suppliers, including us and our
 competitors, and the customers we serve. Commercial airlines
 have increasingly been merging and creating global alliances to
 achieve greater economies of scale and enhance their geographic
 reach. Aircraft manufacturers have made acquisitions to expand
 their product portfolios to better compete in the global
 marketplace. In addition, aviation suppliers have been
 consolidating and forming alliances to broaden their product and
 integrated system offerings and achieve critical mass. This
 supplier consolidation is in part attributable to aircraft
 manufacturers and airlines more frequently awarding long-term
 sole source or preferred supplier contracts to the most capable
 suppliers, thus reducing the total number of suppliers from whom
 components and systems are purchased. Our business and financial
 results may be adversely impacted as a result of consolidation
 by our competitors or customers.

 Expenses
 related to employee and retiree medical and pension benefits may
 continue to rise.

 We have periodically experienced significant increases in
 expenses related to our employee and retiree medical and pension
 benefits. Although we have taken action seeking to contain these
 cost increases, including making material changes to some of
 these plans, there are risks that our expenses will rise as a
 result of continued increases in medical costs due to increased
 usage of medical benefits and medical cost inflation in the
 U.S. Pension expense may increase if investment returns on
 our pension plan assets do not meet our long-term return
 assumption, if there are further reductions in the discount rate
 used to determine the present value of our benefit obligation,
 or if other actuarial assumptions are not realized.

 The aerospace
 industry is highly regulated.

 The aerospace industry is highly regulated in the U.S. by
 the Federal Aviation Administration and in other countries by
 similar regulatory agencies. We must be certified by these
 agencies and, in some cases, by individual OE manufacturers in
 order to engineer and service systems and components used in
 specific aircraft models. If material authorizations or
 approvals were revoked or suspended, our operations would be
 adversely affected. New or more stringent governmental
 regulations may be adopted, or industry oversight heightened, in
 the future, and we may incur significant expenses to comply with
 any new regulations or any heightened industry oversight.

 We may have
 liabilities relating to environmental laws and regulations that
 could adversely affect our financial results.

 We are subject to various domestic and international
 environmental laws and regulations which may require that we
 investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal
 of materials at sites associated with past and present
 operations. We are currently involved in the investigation and
 remediation of a number of sites for which we have been
 identified as a potentially responsible party under these laws.
 Based on currently available information, we do not believe that
 future environmental costs in excess of those accrued with
 respect to such sites will have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition. We cannot assure you that additional future
 developments, administrative actions or liabilities relating to
 environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on
 our results of operations and/or cash flows in a given period.

 11

 Third parties
 may not satisfy their contractual obligations to indemnify us
 for environmental and other claims arising out of our divested
 businesses.

 In connection with the divestiture of our tire, vinyl and other
 businesses, we received contractual rights of indemnification
 from third parties for environmental and other claims arising
 out of the divested businesses. If these third parties do not
 honor their indemnification obligations to us, it could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations and/or cash flows.

 Any material
 product liability or environmental claims in excess of insurance
 may adversely affect us.

 We are exposed to potential liability for personal injury or
 death with respect to products that have been designed,
 manufactured, serviced or sold by us, including potential
 liability for asbestos and other toxic tort claims. In addition,
 we are exposed to potential liability pursuant to various
 domestic and international environmental laws and regulations.
 While we believe that we have substantial insurance coverage
 available to us related to any such claims, our insurance may
 not cover all liabilities. Additionally, insurance coverage may
 not be available in the future at a cost acceptable to us. Any
 material liability not covered by insurance or for which
 third-party indemnification is not available could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations and/or cash flows.

 Any material
 product warranty obligations may adversely affect
 us.

 Our operations expose us to potential liability for warranty
 claims made by third parties with respect to aircraft components
 that have been designed, manufactured, distributed or serviced
 by us. Any material product warranty obligations could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations and/or cash flows.

 Our operations
 depend on our production facilities throughout the world. These
 production facilities are subject to physical and other risks
 that could disrupt production.

 Our production facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a
 natural disaster, labor strike, war, political unrest, terrorist
 activity or a pandemic. Although we have obtained property
 damage and business interruption insurance, a major catastrophe
 such as an earthquake or other natural disaster at any of our
 sites, or significant labor strikes, work stoppages, political
 unrest, war or terrorist activities in any of the areas where we
 conduct operations, could result in a prolonged interruption of
 our business. Any disruption resulting from these events could
 cause significant delays in shipments of products and the loss
 of sales and customers. We cannot assure you that we will have
 insurance to adequately compensate us for any of these events.

 We have
 significant international operations and assets and are
 therefore subject to additional financial and regulatory
 risks.

 We have operations and assets throughout the world. In addition,
 we sell our products and services in foreign countries and seek
 to increase our level of international business activity.
 Accordingly, we are subject to various risks, including:
 U.S.-imposed
 embargoes of sales to specific countries; foreign import
 controls (which may be arbitrarily imposed or enforced); price
 and currency controls; exchange rate fluctuations; dividend
 remittance restrictions; expropriation of assets; war, civil
 uprisings and riots; government instability; the necessity of
 obtaining governmental approval for new and continuing products
 and operations; legal systems of decrees, laws, taxes,
 regulations, interpretations and court decisions that are not
 always fully developed and that may be retroactively or
 arbitrarily applied; and difficulties in managing a global
 enterprise. We may also be subject to unanticipated income
 taxes, excise duties, import taxes, export taxes or other
 governmental assessments. Any of these events could result in a
 loss

 12

 of business or other unexpected costs that could reduce sales or
 profits and have a material adverse effect on our financial
 condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

 We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal
 business operations. These risks include transactions
 denominated in foreign currencies and the translation of certain
 non-functional currency balances of our subsidiaries. Our
 international operations also expose us to translation risk when
 the local currency financial statements are translated to
 U.S. Dollars, our parent company’s functional
 currency. As currency exchange rates fluctuate, translation of
 the statements of income of international businesses into
 U.S. Dollars will affect comparability of revenues and
 expenses between years.

 Creditors may
 seek to recover from us if the businesses that we spun off are
 unable to meet their obligations in the future, including
 obligations to asbestos claimants.

 On May 31, 2002, we completed the spin-off of our wholly
 owned subsidiary, EnPro. Prior to the spin-off, we contributed
 the capital stock of Coltec to EnPro. At the time of the
 spin-off, two subsidiaries of Coltec were defendants in a
 significant number of personal injury claims relating to alleged
 asbestos-containing products sold by those subsidiaries. It is
 possible that asbestos-related claims might be asserted against
 us on the theory that we have some responsibility for the
 asbestos-related liabilities of EnPro, Coltec or its
 subsidiaries, even though the activities that led to those
 claims occurred prior to our ownership of any of those
 subsidiaries. Also, it is possible that a claim might be
 asserted against us that Coltec’s dividend of its aerospace
 business to us prior to the spin-off was made at a time when
 Coltec was insolvent or caused Coltec to become insolvent. Such
 a claim could seek recovery from us on behalf of Coltec of the
 fair market value of the dividend.

 A limited number of asbestos-related claims have been asserted
 against us as “successor” to Coltec or one of its
 subsidiaries. We believe that we have substantial legal defenses
 against these claims, as well as against any other claims that
 may be asserted against us on the theories described above. In
 addition, the agreement between EnPro and us that was used to
 effectuate the spin-off provides us with an indemnification from
 EnPro covering, among other things, these liabilities. The
 success of any such asbestos-related claims would likely
 require, as a practical matter, that Coltec’s subsidiaries
 were unable to satisfy their asbestos-related liabilities and
 that Coltec was found to be responsible for these liabilities
 and was unable to meet its financial obligations. We believe any
 such claims would be without merit and that Coltec was solvent
 both before and after the dividend of its aerospace business to
 us. If we are ultimately found to be responsible for the
 asbestos-related liabilities of Coltec’s subsidiaries, we
 believe it would not have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition, but could have a material adverse effect on
 our results of operations and cash flows in a particular period.
 However, because of the uncertainty as to the number, timing and
 payments related to future asbestos-related claims, there can be
 no assurance that any such claims will not have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows. If a claim related to the dividend of
 Coltec’s aerospace business were successful, it could have
 a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of
 operations and/or cash flows.