Our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows can be affected by a number of factors, including but
 not limited to those set forth below and elsewhere in this
 Annual Report on
 Form 10-K,
 any one of which could cause our actual results to vary
 materially from recent results or from our anticipated future
 results.

 Our future
 success is dependent on demand for and market acceptance of new
 commercial and military aircraft programs.

 We are currently under contract to supply components and systems
 for a number of new commercial, general aviation and military
 aircraft programs, including the Airbus A380 and A350 XWB, the
 Boeing 787 and
 747-8, the
 Bombardier CSeries, the Mitsubishi Regional Jet, the Dassault
 Falcon 7X and the Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II. We have
 made and will continue to make substantial investments and incur
 substantial development costs in connection with these programs.
 We cannot provide assurance that each of these programs will
 enter full-scale production as expected or that demand for each
 aircraft will be sufficient to allow us to recover our
 investment in these programs. In addition, we cannot assure you
 that we will be able to extend our contracts relating to these
 programs beyond the initial contract periods. If any of these
 programs are not successful, it could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition or results of
 operations.

 The market
 segments we serve are cyclical and sensitive to domestic and
 foreign economic considerations that could adversely affect our
 business and financial results.

 The market segments in which we sell our products are, to
 varying degrees, cyclical, and have experienced periodic
 downturns in demand. For example, certain of our commercial
 aviation products sold to aircraft manufacturers have
 experienced downturns during slowdowns in the commercial airline
 industry and during periods of weak general economic conditions,
 as demand for new aircraft typically declines during these
 periods. Aftermarket demand for many of our products also is
 exposed to these business downturns and we have experienced
 periods of declining demand for our products from aircraft
 operators in the recent past and may experience downturns in the
 future.

 Capital spending by airlines and aircraft manufacturers may be
 influenced by a variety of factors including current and
 predicted traffic levels, load factors, aircraft fuel pricing,
 labor issues,

 7

Table of Contents

 competition, the retirement of older aircraft, regulatory
 changes, terrorism and related safety concerns, general economic
 conditions, worldwide airline profitability and backlog levels.
 Also, because a substantial portion of commercial airplane OE
 deliveries are scheduled beyond 2010, changes in economic
 conditions may cause customers to request that firm orders be
 rescheduled or canceled. Aftermarket sales and service trends
 are affected by similar factors, including usage, pricing,
 regulatory changes, the retirement of older aircraft and
 technological improvements that increase reliability and
 performance. Credit availability to airlines and airline leasing
 companies also could impact the demand for new aircraft. A
 reduction in spending by aircraft manufacturers, airlines,
 airline customers or airline leasing companies could have a
 significant effect on the demand for our products, which could
 have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 results of operations or cash flows.

 Current
 conditions in the airline industry could adversely affect our
 business and financial results.

 Increases in fuel costs, global economic conditions, high labor
 costs and heightened competition from low cost carriers have
 adversely affected the financial condition of some commercial
 airlines. Over the past ten years, several airlines have
 declared bankruptcy. A portion of our sales are derived from the
 sale of products directly to airlines, and we sometimes provide
 sales incentives to airlines and record sales incentives as
 other assets. If an airline declares bankruptcy, we may be
 unable to collect our outstanding accounts receivable from the
 airline and we may be required to record a charge related to
 unamortized sales incentives to the extent they cannot be
 recovered.

 A significant
 decline in business with Airbus or Boeing could adversely affect
 our business and financial results.

 For the year 2010, approximately 17% of our direct and indirect
 sales were made to Airbus and approximately 15% of our direct
 and indirect sales were made to Boeing for all categories of
 products, including OE and aftermarket products for commercial
 and military aircraft and space applications. Accordingly, a
 significant reduction in purchases by either of these customers
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, results of operations or cash flows.

 Demand for our
 defense and space-related products is dependent upon government
 spending.

 Approximately 32% of our sales for the year 2010 were derived
 from the defense and space market segment. Included in that
 category are direct and indirect sales to the
 U.S. Government, which represented approximately 25% of our
 sales for 2010. The defense and space market segment is largely
 dependent upon government budgets, particularly the
 U.S. defense budget. We cannot assure you that an increase
 in defense spending will be allocated to programs that would
 benefit our business. Moreover, we cannot assure you that new
 military aircraft programs in which we participate will enter
 full-scale production as expected. A change in levels of defense
 spending or levels of military flight operations could curtail
 or enhance our prospects in this market segment, depending upon
 the programs affected.

 Our business
 could be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain necessary
 raw materials and components.

 We purchase a variety of raw materials and components for use in
 the manufacture of our products, including aluminum, titanium,
 steel, various specialty metals and carbon fiber. Our inability
 to obtain necessary raw materials or an unanticipated increase
 in the price of such raw materials could impact our capability
 to manufacture our products and the profitability of our
 products. In addition, the loss of a significant supplier or the
 inability of a supplier to meet our performance and quality
 specifications or delivery schedules could affect our ability to
 complete

 8

Table of Contents

 our contractual obligations to our customers on a satisfactory,
 timely
 and/or
 profitable basis. These events may adversely affect our
 operating results, result in the termination of customer
 contracts or damage our reputation and relationships with our
 customers. All of these events could have a material adverse
 effect on our business.

 We use a
 number of estimates in accounting for some long-term contracts.
 Changes in our estimates could materially affect our future
 financial results.

 We account for sales and profits on some long-term contracts in
 accordance with the
 percentage-of-completion
 method of accounting, using the cumulative

catch-up
 method to account for updates in estimates. The

percentage-of-completion
 method of accounting involves the use of various estimating
 techniques to project revenues and costs at completion and
 various assumptions and projections relative to the outcome of
 future events, including the quantity and timing of product
 deliveries, future labor performance and rates, and material and
 overhead costs. These assumptions involve various levels of
 expected performance improvements. Under the cumulative

catch-up
 method, the impact of updates in our estimates related to units
 shipped to date is recognized immediately.

 Because of the significance of the judgments and estimates
 described above, it is likely that we could record materially
 different amounts if we used different assumptions or if the
 underlying circumstances or estimates were to change.
 Accordingly, updates in underlying assumptions, circumstances or
 estimates may materially affect our future financial performance.

 Competitive
 pressures may adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

 The aerospace industry in which we operate is highly
 competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of U.S. and
 foreign companies that are both larger and smaller than we are
 in terms of resources and market share, and some of which are
 our customers. While we are the market and technology leader in
 many of our products, in certain areas some of our competitors
 may have more extensive or more specialized engineering,
 manufacturing or marketing capabilities and lower manufacturing
 cost. As a result, these competitors may be able to adapt more
 quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer
 requirements or may be able to devote greater resources to the
 development, promotion and sale of their products than we can.

 The
 significant consolidation occurring in the aerospace industry
 could adversely affect our business and financial
 results.

 The aerospace industry in which we operate has been experiencing
 significant consolidation among suppliers, including us and our
 competitors, and our customers. There have been mergers and
 global alliances in the aerospace industry to achieve greater
 economies of scale and enhanced geographic reach. Aircraft
 manufacturers have made acquisitions to expand their product
 portfolios to better compete in the global marketplace. In
 addition, aviation suppliers have been consolidating and forming
 alliances to broaden their product and integrated system
 offerings and achieve critical mass. This supplier consolidation
 is in part attributable to aircraft manufacturers and airlines
 more frequently awarding long-term sole source or preferred
 supplier contracts to the most capable suppliers, thus reducing
 the total number of suppliers from whom components and systems
 are purchased. Our business and financial results may be
 adversely impacted as a result of consolidation by our
 competitors, customers or suppliers.

 Expenses
 related to employee and retiree medical and pension benefits may
 continue to rise.

 We have periodically experienced significant increases in
 expenses related to our employee and retiree medical and pension
 benefits. Although we have taken action seeking to contain these
 cost increases, including making material changes to some of
 these plans, there are risks that

 9

Table of Contents

 our expenses will rise as a result of continued increases in
 medical costs due to increased usage of medical benefits and
 medical cost inflation. Pension expense may increase if
 investment returns on our pension plan assets do not meet our
 long-term return assumption, if there are reductions in the
 discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit
 obligation, or if other actuarial assumptions are not realized.

 The aerospace
 industry is highly regulated.

 The aerospace industry is highly regulated in the U.S. by
 the Federal Aviation Administration and in other countries by
 similar regulatory agencies. We must be certified by these
 agencies and, in some cases, by individual OE manufacturers in
 order to engineer and service systems and components used in
 specific aircraft models. If material authorizations or
 approvals were revoked or suspended, our operations would be
 adversely affected. New or more stringent governmental
 regulations may be adopted, or industry oversight heightened,
 and we may incur significant expenses to comply with any new
 regulations or any heightened industry oversight.

 We may have
 liabilities relating to environmental laws and regulations that
 could adversely affect our financial results.

 We are subject to various domestic and international
 environmental laws and regulations which may require that we
 investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal
 of materials at sites associated with past and present
 operations. We currently are involved in the investigation and
 remediation of a number of sites for which we have been
 identified as a potentially responsible party under these laws.
 Based on currently available information, we do not believe that
 future environmental costs in excess of those accrued with
 respect to such sites will have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition. We cannot assure you that additional future
 developments, administrative actions or liabilities relating to
 environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on
 our results of operations
 and/or cash
 flows in a given period.

 In connection with the divestiture of our tire, vinyl and other
 businesses, we received contractual rights of indemnification
 from third parties for environmental and other claims arising
 out of the divested businesses. If these third parties do not
 honor their indemnification obligations to us, it could have a
 material adverse effect on our results of operations
 and/or cash
 flows.

 Any material
 product liability claims in excess of insurance may adversely
 affect us.

 We are exposed to potential liability for personal injury or
 death with respect to products that have been designed,
 manufactured, serviced or sold by us, including potential
 liability for asbestos and other toxic tort claims. While we
 believe that we have substantial insurance coverage available to
 us related to such claims, our insurance may not cover all
 liabilities. Additionally, insurance coverage may not be
 available in the future at a reasonable cost. Any material
 liability not covered by insurance or for which third-party
 indemnification is not available could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial condition, results of operations
 and/or cash
 flows.

 Any material
 product warranty obligations may adversely affect
 us.

 Our operations expose us to potential liability for warranty
 claims made by third parties with respect to aircraft components
 that have been designed, manufactured, distributed or serviced
 by us. Any material product warranty obligations could have a
 material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
 operations
 and/or cash
 flows.

 10

Table of Contents

 Our operations
 depend on our production facilities throughout the world. These
 production facilities are subject to physical and other risks
 that could disrupt production.

 Our production facilities could be damaged or disrupted by a
 natural disaster, labor strike, war, political unrest, terrorist
 activity or a pandemic. Although we have obtained property
 damage and business interruption insurance, a major catastrophe
 such as an earthquake or other natural disaster at any of our
 sites, or significant labor strikes, work stoppages, political
 unrest, war or terrorist activities in any of the areas where we
 conduct operations, could result in a prolonged interruption of
 our business. Any disruption resulting from these events could
 cause significant delays in shipments of products and the loss
 of sales and customers. We cannot assure you that we will have
 insurance to adequately compensate us for any of these events.

 We have
 significant international operations and assets and are
 therefore subject to additional financial and regulatory
 risks.

 We have operations and assets throughout the world. In addition,
 we sell our products and services outside of the U.S. and
 seek to increase our level of international business activity.
 Accordingly, we are subject to various risks, including:
 U.S.-imposed
 embargoes of sales to specific countries; foreign import
 controls (which may be arbitrarily imposed or enforced); price
 and currency controls; exchange rate fluctuations; dividend
 remittance restrictions; expropriation of assets; war, civil
 uprisings and riots; government instability; the necessity of
 obtaining governmental approval for new and continuing products
 and operations; legal systems of decrees, laws, taxes,
 regulations, interpretations and court decisions that are not
 always fully developed and that may be retroactively or
 arbitrarily applied; and difficulties in managing a global
 enterprise. We also may be subject to unanticipated income
 taxes, excise duties, import taxes, export taxes or other
 governmental assessments. Any of these events could result in a
 loss of business or other unexpected costs that could reduce our
 sales or profits and have a material adverse effect on our
 financial condition, results of operations

and/or cash
 flows.

 We are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from normal
 business operations. These risks include transactions
 denominated in foreign currencies and the translation of certain
 non-functional currency balances of our subsidiaries. Our
 international operations also expose us to translation risk when
 the local currency financial statements are translated to
 U.S. Dollars, our reporting currency. As currency exchange
 rates fluctuate, translation of the statements of income of
 international businesses into U.S. Dollars will affect
 comparability of revenues and expenses between years.

 Certain of our
 contracts could subject us to losses in the event we experience
 cost overruns.

 At the time we bid for business on OE manufacturers (OEM)
 platforms, we must make certain assumptions with respect to our
 estimated costs and expenditures in developing, manufacturing
 and selling our products. In certain cases, these contracts
 involve new technologies or applications and extend for many
 years. As a result, it often is difficult to predict the
 ultimate costs and expenditures associated with these contracts.
 Factors such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in raw
 material prices and supplier problems can lead to cost overruns,
 resulting in the contractual price becoming less profitable or
 even unprofitable. Any inability to accurately predict the costs
 associated with our contracts could have a material adverse
 effect on our results of operations and cash flows in a
 particular period.

 We expect to
 continue to make acquisitions, which could involve certain risks
 and uncertainties.

 Over the last three years, we have completed seven acquisitions
 as part of our growth strategy and in an effort to enhance
 shareholder value. We expect to continue to make acquisitions in
 the future. There are risks and uncertainties related to
 acquisitions, including: integration

 11

Table of Contents

 difficulties; unrealized sales expectations from the acquired
 business; unrealized synergies and cost savings; unknown or
 underestimated liabilities; and potential loss of key management
 employees of the acquired business. Any of these risks or
 uncertainties could result in an acquisition having a material
 adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows in a
 particular period.