The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company.  Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations.
  If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected.

Risks Related to the Company

The demand for personal navigation devices (PNDs) has been and continues to be reduced by replacement technologies becoming available on mobile devices and factory-installed systems in new autos. 

                From 2005 to 2008, we experienced substantial growth in the automotive/mobile segment.
  This has resulted in GPS/navigation technologies being incorporated into competing devices such as mobile handsets, tablets, and new automobiles through factory-installed systems.
  Mobile handsets and tablets are frequently GPS-enabled and many companies are now offering navigation software for these mobile devices.
  The acceptance of this technology by consumers has halted our growth in this segment and reduced margins.
  Navigation systems are also becoming more prevalent as optional equipment on new automobiles.
  Increased navigation penetration on mobile handsets and in new automobiles is expected to cause further declines in sales of our portable navigation devices and could further reduced margins.

Our financial results are dependent on the automotive/mobile segment, which represents approximately 50% of our revenues, is maturing and expected to further decline in 2014. 

We experienced substantial growth through 2008 in the automotive/mobile segment of our business as the products became mass-market consumer electronics in both Europe and North America.  This market has peaked as penetration rates increased and competing technologies emerged.
  This has resulted in, and could continue to result in, lower revenues for this segment and lower earnings per share.

Economic conditions and uncertainty could adversely affect our revenue and margins.

Our revenue and margins depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete.  Economic weakness or constrained consumer and business spending has resulted in decreased revenue and in the future, could result in decreased revenue and problems with our ability to manage inventory levels and collect customer receivables. In addition, financial difficulties experienced by our retailer and OEM customers have resulted, and could result in the future, in significant bad debt write-offs and additions to reserves in our receivables and could have an adverse affect on our results of operations.

17

Gross margins for our products may fluctuate or erode. 

Gross margins in some of our segments have declined in recent years and could further decline in the future due to competitive price reductions that are not fully offset by material cost reductions. In addition, our overall gross margin may fluctuate from period to period due to a number of factors, including product mix, competition and unit volumes.  In particular, the average selling prices of a specific product tend to decrease over that product’s life.
  To offset such decreases, we intend to rely primarily on component cost reduction, obtaining yield improvements and corresponding cost reductions in the manufacturing of existing products and on introducing new products that incorporate advanced features and therefore can be sold at higher average selling prices.
  However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such yield improvements or cost reductions or introduce any such new products in the future.
  To the extent that such cost reductions and new product introductions do not occur in a timely manner or our products do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Changes in our United States federal income tax classification or in applicable tax laws could result in adverse tax consequences to our shareholders. 

We do not believe that we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a ‘‘passive foreign investment company’’ for United States federal income tax purposes.  We do not expect to become a passive foreign investment company.  However, because the passive foreign investment company determination is made annually based on whether the company’s income or assets meet certain thresholds as determined under United States federal tax principles which are based on facts and circumstances that may be beyond our control, we cannot assure that we will not become a passive foreign investment company in the future.  If we are a passive foreign investment company in any year, then any of our shareholders that is a United States person could be liable to pay tax on their pro rata share of our income plus an interest charge upon some distributions by us or when that shareholder sells our common shares at a gain.  Further, if we are classified as a passive foreign investment company in any year in which a United States person is a shareholder, we generally will continue to be treated as a passive foreign investment company with respect to such shareholder in all succeeding years, regardless of whether we continue to satisfy the income or asset tests mentioned above.

We do not believe that we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a Controlled Foreign Corporation (CFC) for United States federal income tax purposes.  We do not expect to become a CFC.
  The CFC determination is made daily based on whether the United States shareholders own more than fifty percent of the voting power or value of the Company.
  Only United States persons that own ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s shares qualify as United States shareholders.
  If the Company were to be classified as a CFC for an uninterrupted thirty day period in any year, the Company’s shareholders that qualify as United States shareholders could be liable to pay US income tax at ordinary income tax rates on their pro-rata share of certain categories of the Company’s income for the period in which the Company is classified as a CFC. As the Company cannot control the ownership of the Company’s stock nor can the Company control which shareholders participate in the Company’s stock buyback program, ownership changes could result that create United States shareholders which increase the risk of Garmin being treated as a CFC. 

Legislative proposals have been considered in the United States within the past few years that could increase the United States tax burden of corporations with international operations and could broaden the circumstances under which foreign corporations could be considered resident in the United States.  Legislative proposals are being considered in Switzerland that could make significant changes in the corporate tax regime and increase the taxes applicable to us in Switzerland.  Our tax position could be adversely impacted by changes in Swiss, United States or foreign tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof by any tax authority. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals.

18

If we are not successful in the continued development, introduction or timely manufacture of new products, demand for our products could decrease. 

We expect that a significant portion of our future revenue will continue to be derived from sales of newly introduced products.  The market for our products is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changes in customer needs.
  If we fail to introduce new products, or to modify or improve our existing products, in response to changes in technology, industry standards or customer needs, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete.
  We must continue to make significant investments in research and development in order to continue to develop new products, enhance existing products and achieve market acceptance for such products.
  However, there can be no assurance that development stage products will be successfully completed or, if developed, will achieve significant customer acceptance. 

If we are unable to successfully develop and introduce competitive new products, and enhance our existing products, our future results of operations would be adversely affected.  Our pursuit of necessary technology may require substantial time and expense.
  We may need to license new technologies to respond to technological change.
  These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept or may materially change the gross profits that we are able to obtain on our products. We may not succeed in adapting our products to new technologies as they emerge.
  Development and manufacturing schedules for technology products are difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that we will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products.
  The timely availability of these products in volume and their acceptance by customers are important to our future success.
  From time to time we have experienced delays in shipping certain of our new products and any future delays, whether due to product development delays, manufacturing delays, lack of market acceptance, delays in regulatory approval, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, our resulting loss of competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. 

The markets for many of our products are highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do.  These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements.
  They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products.
  Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share.
  Our failure to compete successfully against current or future competitors could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on independent dealers and distributors to sell our products, and disruption to these channels would harm our business. 

Because we sell a majority of our products to independent dealers and distributors, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory levels and support for our products.  In particular, our dealers and distributors maintain significant levels of our products in their inventories.
  If dealers and distributors attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient levels to meet customer demand, our sales could be negatively impacted. 

Many of our dealers and distributors also sell products offered by our competitors.  If our competitors offer our dealers and distributors more favorable terms, those dealers and distributors may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In the future, we may not be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of qualified dealers and distributors.
  If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with dealers and distributors or to expand our distribution channels, our business will suffer. 

19

Our quarterly operating results are subject to fluctuations and seasonality. 

Our operating results are difficult to predict. Our future quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly.  If such operating results decline, the price of our stock would likely decline.
  As we have expanded our operations, our operating expenses, particularly our research and development costs, have increased as a percentage of our sales.
  If revenues decrease and we continue to increase research and development costs, our operating results would be negatively affected. 

Historically, our revenues have been weaker in the first quarter of each fiscal year as our devices are highly consumer-oriented, and consumer buying is traditionally lower in this quarter.  Sales of certain of our marine and automotive products tend to be higher in our second fiscal quarter due to increased consumer spending for such products during the recreational marine, fishing, and travel season.
  Sales of many of our consumer products also have been higher in our fourth fiscal quarter due to increased consumer spending patterns on electronic devices during the holiday season.

In addition, we attempt to time our new product releases to coincide with relatively higher consumer spending in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, which contributes to these seasonal variations. 

Our quarterly financial statements will reflect fluctuations in foreign currency translation.

The operation of Garmin’s subsidiaries in international markets results in exposure to movements in currency exchange rates.  We have experienced significant foreign currency gains and losses due to the strengthening and weakening of the U.S. dollar.
  The potential of volatile foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the future could have a significant effect on our results of operations.

                The currencies that create a majority of the Company’s exchange rate exposure are the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling.
  Garmin Corporation, headquartered in Sijhih, Taiwan, uses the local currency as the functional currency.
  The Company translates all assets and liabilities at year-end exchange rates and income and expense accounts at average rates during the year.
  In order to minimize the effect of the currency exchange fluctuations on our net assets, we have elected to retain most of our Taiwan subsidiary’s cash and investments in marketable securities denominated in U.S. dollars.

                Nonetheless, U.S. GAAP requires the Company at the end of each accounting period to translate into Taiwan Dollars all such U.S. Dollar denominated assets held by our Taiwan subsidiary.
  This translation is required because the Taiwan Dollar is the functional currency of the subsidiary.
  This U.S. GAAP-mandated translation will cause us to recognize gain or loss on our financial statements as the Taiwan Dollar/U.S. Dollar exchange rate varies.
  Such gain or loss will create variations in our earnings per share.
  Because there is minimal cash impact caused by such exchange rate variations, management will continue to focus on the Company’s operating performance before the impact of the foreign currency translation. 

If we do not correctly anticipate demand for our products, we may not be able to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our products or we could have costly excess production or inventories. 

We have generally been able to increase production to meet this increasing demand.  However, the demand for our products depends on many factors and will be difficult to forecast.
  We expect that it will become more difficult to forecast demand as we introduce and support multiple products, as competition in the market for our products intensifies and as the markets for some of our products mature to the mass market category.
  Significant unanticipated fluctuations in demand could cause the following problems in our operations: 

·

If demand increases beyond what we forecast, we would have to rapidly increase production. We would depend on suppliers to provide additional volumes of components and those suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough to meet unexpected demand. 

20

·

Rapid increases in production levels to meet unanticipated demand could result in higher costs for manufacturing and supply of components and other expenses.

These higher costs could lower our profit margins.

Further, if production is increased rapidly, manufacturing quality could decline, which may also lower our margins and reduce customer satisfaction.

·

If forecasted demand does not develop, we could have excess production resulting in higher inventories of finished products and components, which would use cash and could lead to write-offs of some or all of the excess inventories.

Lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing efficiencies at our facilities, which could result in lower margins. 

We have benefited in the past from Taiwan government tax incentives offered on certain high technology capital investments that may not always be available. 

Our effective tax rate is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, in part because we have benefited from incentives offered in Taiwan related to our high technology investments in Taiwan.  The loss of these tax benefits has begun to have a negative impact on our effective tax rate and reduced benefits will continue into the future. 

We may experience unique economic and political risks associated with companies that operate in Taiwan. 

Relations between Taiwan and the People’s Republic of China, also referred to as the PRC, and other factors affecting the political or economic conditions of Taiwan in the future could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the market price and the liquidity of our shares.  Our principal manufacturing facilities where we manufacture all of our products, except our panel-mounted aviation products, are located in Taiwan. 

Taiwan has a unique international political status.  The PRC asserts sovereignty over all of China, including Taiwan, certain other islands and all of mainland China.
  The PRC government does not recognize the legitimacy of the Taiwan government.
  Although significant economic and cultural relations have been established during recent years between Taiwan and the PRC, the PRC government has indicated that it may use military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain circumstances, such as the declaration of independence by Taiwan.
  Relations between Taiwan and the PRC have on occasion adversely affected the market value of Taiwanese companies and could negatively affect our operations in Taiwan in the future. 

Our intellectual property rights are important to our operations, and we could suffer loss if they infringe upon other’s rights or are infringed upon by others. 

We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our proprietary rights.  To this end, we hold rights to a number of patents and registered trademarks and regularly file applications to attempt to protect our rights in new technology and trademarks.
  However, there is no guarantee that our patent applications will become issued patents, or that our trademark applications will become registered trademarks.
  Moreover, even if approved, our patents or trademarks may thereafter be successfully challenged by others or otherwise become invalidated for a variety of reasons.
   Thus, any patents or trademarks we currently have or may later acquire may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. 

Third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.  Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
  From time to time we receive letters alleging infringement of patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights.
  Litigation concerning patents or other intellectual property is costly and time consuming.
  We may seek licenses from such parties, but they could refuse to grant us a license or demand commercially unreasonable terms.
  We might not have sufficient resources to pay for the licenses.
  Such infringement claims could also cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend or permanently cease the use of critical technologies or processes or the production or sale of major products. 

21

We may become subject to significant product liability costs. 

If our aviation products malfunction or contain errors or defects, airplane collisions or crashes could occur resulting in property damage, personal injury or death.  Malfunctions or errors or defects in our marine navigational products could cause boats to run aground or cause other wreckage, personal injury or death.
  If our automotive or marine products contain defects or errors in the mapping supplied by third-party map providers or if our users do not heed our warnings about the proper use of these products, collisions or accidents could occur resulting in property damage, personal injury or death.
  If any of these events occurs, we could be subject to significant liability for personal injury and property damage and, under certain circumstances, could be subject to a judgment for punitive damages.
  We maintain insurance against accident-related risks involving our products.
  However, there can be no assurance that such insurance would be sufficient to cover the cost of damages to others or that such insurance will continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates.
  In addition, insurance coverage generally will not cover awards of punitive damages and may not cover the cost of associated legal fees and defense costs, which could result in lower margins.
  If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance to cover product liability costs or if our insurance coverage does not cover the award, this could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We depend on our suppliers, some of which are the sole source for specific components, and our production would be seriously harmed if these suppliers are not able to meet our demand and alternative sources are not available, or if the costs of components rise. 

We are dependent on third party suppliers for various components used in our current products.  Some of the components that we procure from third party suppliers include semiconductors and electroluminescent panels, liquid crystal displays, memory chips, batteries and microprocessors.
  The cost, quality and availability of components are essential to the successful production and sale of our products.
  Some components we use are from sole source suppliers. Certain application-specific integrated circuits incorporating our proprietary designs are manufactured for us by sole source suppliers.
  Alternative sources may not be currently available for these sole source components. 

In the past we have experienced shortages of liquid crystal displays and other components.  In addition, if there are shortages in supply of components, the costs of such components may rise. If suppliers are unable to meet our demand for components on a timely basis and if we are unable to obtain an alternative source or if the price of the alternative source is prohibitive, or if the costs of components rise, our ability to maintain timely and cost-effective production of our products would be seriously harmed. 

We depend on third party licensors for the digital map data contained in our automotive/mobile products, and our business and/or gross margins could be harmed if we become unable to continue licensing such mapping data or if the royalty costs for such data rise.

We license digital mapping data for use in our products from various sources.  There are only a limited number of suppliers of mapping data for each geographical region.
  The two largest digital map suppliers are HERE (formerly known as NAVTEQ) and Tele Atlas N.V.
  HERE is owned by Nokia Oyj and Tele Atlas N.V. is owned by TomTom N.V.
  Nokia and TomTom are both competitors of Garmin.

 Although we do not foresee difficulty in continuing to license data at favorable pricing due to the long term license extension signed between Garmin and HERE in June 2010 (extending our HERE license agreement through 2017 with an option to extend through 2021), if we are unable to continue licensing such mapping data and are unable to obtain an alternative source, or if the nature of our relationships with HERE changes detrimentally, our ability to supply mapping data for use in our products would be seriously harmed. 

22

We may pursue strategic acquisitions, investments, strategic partnerships or other ventures, and our business could be materially harmed if we fail to successfully identify, complete and integrate such transactions. 

We intend to evaluate acquisition opportunities and opportunities to make investments in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products, or to enter into strategic partnerships with parties who can provide access to those assets, additional product or services offerings, additional distribution or marketing synergies or additional industry expertise.  We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates in the future, we may not be able to complete those transactions on commercially favorable terms, or at all. 

Any past or future acquisitions could also result in difficulties assimilating acquired employees (including cultural differences with foreign acquisitions), operations, and products and diversion of capital and management’s attention away from other business issues and opportunities.  Integration of acquired companies may result in problems related to integration of technology and inexperienced management teams. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us.
  We may not successfully integrate internal controls, compliance under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other corporate governance matters, operations, personnel or products related to acquisitions we have made in previous years or may make in the future.
  If we fail to successfully integrate such transactions, our business could be materially harmed. 

We may have additional tax liabilities.  

We are subject to income taxes in Switzerland, the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made.

Failure to obtain required certifications of our products on a timely basis could harm our business. 

We have certain products, especially in our aviation segment, that are subject to governmental and similar certifications before they can be sold.  For example, FAA certification is required for all of our aviation products that are intended for installation in type certificated aircraft.
  To the extent required, certification is an expensive and time-consuming process that requires significant focus and resources.
  An inability to obtain, or excessive delay in obtaining, such certifications could have an adverse effect on our ability to introduce new products and, for certain aviation OEM products, our customers’ ability to sell airplanes. Delays in our obtaining certification for our aviation products have resulted, and may in the future result, in our being required to pay compensation to our customers.
  Therefore, such inabilities or delays could adversely affect our operating results. 

In addition, we cannot assure you that our certified products will not be decertified.
  Any such decertification could have an adverse effect on our operating results. 

Our business may suffer if we are not able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or if we lose our key personnel. 

Our future success depends partly on the continued contribution of our key executive, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing and administrative personnel.  We currently do not have employment agreements with any of our key executive officers. Swiss law prohibits us from paying severance payments to our senior executive officers, which may impair our ability to recruit for these positions.
  We do not have key man life insurance on any of our key executive officers and do not currently intend to obtain such insurance.
  The loss of the services of any of our senior level management, or other key employees, could harm our business.
  Recruiting and retaining the skilled personnel we require to maintain and grow our market position may be difficult.
  For example, in some recent years there has been a nationwide shortage of qualified electrical engineers and software engineers who are necessary for us to design and develop new products, and therefore, it has sometimes been challenging to recruit such personnel.
  If we fail to hire and retain qualified employees, we may not be able to maintain and expand our business. 

23

There is uncertainty as to our shareholders’ ability to enforce certain foreign civil liabilities in Switzerland and Taiwan. 

We are a Swiss company and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States, particularly in Taiwan.  As a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process within the United States upon us.
  In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of Switzerland or Taiwan would recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original actions brought in Switzerland or Taiwan against us predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof.

A shut down of U.S. airspace or imposition of restrictions on general aviation would harm our business.

Following the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, the FAA ordered all aircraft operating in the U.S. to be grounded for several days.
  In addition to this shut down of U.S. airspace, the general aviation industry was further impacted by the additional restrictions implemented by the FAA on those flights that fly utilizing Visual Flight Rules (VFR).
  The FAA restricted VFR flight inside 30 enhanced Class B (a 20-25 mile radius around the 30 largest metropolitan areas in the USA) airspace areas.
  The Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association (AOPA) estimated that these restrictions affected approximately 41,800 general aviation aircraft based at 282 airports inside the 30 enhanced Class B airspace areas.
  The AOPA estimates that approximately 90% of all general aviation flights are conducted VFR, and that only 15% of general aviation pilots are current to fly utilizing Instrument 
Flight Rules (IFR).

The shutdown 
of U.S. airspace following September 11, 2001 caused reduced sales of our general aviation products and delays in the shipment of our products manufactured in our Taiwan manufacturing facility to our distribution facility in Olathe, Kansas, thereby adversely affecting our ability to supply new and existing products to our dealers and distributors.

Any future shut down of U.S. airspace or imposition of restrictions on general aviation could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

A shut down of Federal Aviation Administration operations would harm our business.

Any failure of Congress to appropriate funds for FAA operations that results in any shut down of FAA operations or furloughing of FAA employees could result in delays in the required FAA certification of our avionics products and in the production, sale and registration of aircraft that use our avionics products.  Such delays could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Many of our products rely on the Global Positioning System.

The Global Positioning System (GPS) is a satellite-based navigation and positioning system consisting of a constellation of orbiting satellites.  The satellites and their ground control and monitoring stations are maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense.
  The Department of Defense does not currently charge users for access to the satellite signals.
  These satellites and their ground support systems are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible sabotage. The satellites were originally designed to have lives of 7.5 years and are subject to damage by the hostile space environment in which they operate.
  However, of the current deployment of satellites in place, some have been operating for more than 12 years. 

To repair damaged or malfunctioning satellites is currently not economically feasible. If a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable, there could be a substantial delay before they are replaced with new satellites. A reduction in the number of operating satellites may impair the current utility of the GPS system and the growth of current and additional market opportunities. GPS satellites and ground control segments are being modernized. GPS modernization software updates can cause problems. We depend on public access to open technical specifications in advance of GPS updates.

GPS is operated by the U. S. Government, which is committed to maintenance and improvement of GPS; however if the policy were to change, and GPS were no longer supported by the U. S. Government, or if user fees were imposed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

24

Some of our products also use signals from Satellite Based Augmentation Systems (SBAS) that augment GPS, such as the U.S. Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS), Japanese MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS), and European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS).  Any curtailment of SBAS operating capability could result in decreased user capability for many of our aviation products, thereby impacting our markets.

Any of the foregoing factors could affect the willingness of buyers of our products to select Global Positioning System-based products instead of products based on competing technologies. 

Any reallocation or repurposing of radio frequency spectrum could cause harmful interference with the reception of Global Positioning System signals. This interference could harm our business. 

Our Global Positioning System technology is dependent on the use of the Standard Positioning Service (SPS) provided by the U.S. Government’s Global Positioning System satellites.  The Global Positioning System operates in radio frequency bands that are globally allocated for radio navigation satellite services.
  International allocations of radio frequency are made by the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), a specialized technical agency of the United Nations. These allocations are further governed by radio regulations that have treaty status and which may be subject to modification every two to three years by the World Radio Communication Conference.  Each country also has regulatory authority on how each band is used.  In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) share responsibility for radio frequency allocations and spectrum usage regulations.

Any ITU or national reallocation of radio frequency spectrum, including frequency band segmentation or sharing of spectrum, or other modifications of the permitted uses of relevant frequency bands, may materially and adversely affect the utility and reliability of our products and have significant negative impacts on our business and our customers. For example, the FCC has been considering a proposal by a private party, LightSquared, to repurpose spectrum adjacent to the GPS bands for terrestrial broadband wireless operations in metropolitan areas throughout the United States.  If the FCC were to permit implementation of LightSquared’s proposal, terrestrial broadband wireless operations could create harmful interference to GPS receivers within range of such operations. 

Our business is subject to disruptions and uncertainties caused by war or terrorism.

Acts of war or acts of terrorism, especially any directed at the GPS signals, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. The threat of terrorism and war and heightened security and military response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause a redeployment of the satellites used in GPS or interruptions of the system. To the extent that such interruptions have an effect on sales of our products, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and applications. 

Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information, user location information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and operating results. While we strive to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy policies, any failure or perceived failure to comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or others, or could cause us to lose users and customers, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. 

Regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

25

Security breaches and other disruptions, including as a result of cyber attacks, could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.  

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers and suppliers, and some personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our facilities and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is important to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence, which could adversely affect our business. 

We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change.

Climate change is receiving increasing attention worldwide.  Some scientists, legislators and others attribute global warming to increased levels of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions.

Various regulatory and legislative measures to address greenhouse gas emissions are in different phases of implementation or discussion. In the aftermath of its 2009 “endangerment finding” that greenhouse gas emissions pose a threat to human health and welfare, the Environmental Protection Agency has begun to regulate greenhouse gas emissions under the authority granted to it under the Clean Air Act.  At the federal legislative level, Congressional passage of legislation adopting some form of federal mandatory greenhouse gas emission reduction, such as a nationwide cap-and-trade program, does not appear likely at this time, although it could be adopted at a future date. It is also possible that Congress may pass alternative climate change bills that do not mandate a nationwide cap-and-trade program and instead focus on promoting renewable energy and energy efficiency, which could increase the cost of doing business.

Because it is uncertain what laws and regulations will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws and regulations on our future consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Risks Relating to Our Shares 

The volatility of our stock price could adversely affect investment in our common shares.

The market price of our common shares has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile.  During 2013, the closing price of our common shares ranged from a low of $32.60 to a high of $49.33. A variety of factors could cause the price of our common shares to fluctuate, perhaps substantially, including:

·

announcements and rumors of developments related to our business, our competitors, our suppliers or the markets in which we compete;

·

quarterly fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results;

·

the availability, pricing and timeliness of delivery of components, such as flash memory and liquid crystal displays, used in our products;

·

general conditions in the worldwide economy, including fluctuations in interest rates;

·

changes in applicable tax laws and tax rates;

·

announcements of technological innovations;

·

new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors;

·

product obsolescence and our ability to manage product transitions;

·

developments in patents or other intellectual property rights and litigation;

26

·

developments in our relationships with our customers and suppliers; 

·

research reports or opinions issued by securities analysts or brokerage houses related to Garmin, our competitors, our suppliers or our customers; and

·

any significant acts of terrorism against the United States, Taiwan or significant markets where we sell our products.

In addition, in recent years the stock market in general and the markets for shares of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies.  Any such fluctuations in the future could adversely affect the market price of our common shares.

Our officers and directors exert substantial influence over us. 

As of January 13, 2014, current members and former members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers, together with members of their families and entities that may be deemed affiliates of or related to such persons or entities, beneficially owned approximately 40.30% of our outstanding common shares.  Accordingly, these shareholders may be able to determine the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, such as mergers and acquisitions.
  This level of ownership may have a significant effect in delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Garmin and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of other holders of our common shares. 

The rights of our shareholders are governed by Swiss law.

                The rights of our shareholders are governed by Swiss law and Garmin Ltd.’s articles of association. The rights of shareholders under Swiss law differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law allows our shareholders acting at a shareholders’ meeting to authorize share capital that can be issued by the board of directors without approval of a shareholders’ meeting, but this authorization is limited to 50% of the existing registered share capital and must be renewed at a shareholders’ meeting at least every two years for it to continue to be available. Additionally, subject to specified exceptions, including the exceptions described in our articles of association, Swiss law grants preemptive rights to existing shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares and other securities. Swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares as the laws of some other jurisdictions. Swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders certain corporate actions over which a board of directors would have authority in some other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law provides that dividends and other distributions must be approved by shareholders at the general meeting of shareholders. These Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management may limit our flexibility, and situations may arise where greater flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.

We may not be able to make distributions or repurchase shares without subjecting you to Swiss withholding tax.

                If we are unable

 to make distributions, if any, through a reduction of par value or to pay dividends, if any, out of qualifying capital contribution reserves, then any dividends paid by us will generally be subject to a Swiss federal withholding tax at a rate of 35%. The withholding tax must be withheld from the gross distribution and paid to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration. A U.S. holder that qualifies for benefits under the Convention between the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income may apply for a refund of the tax withheld in excess of the 15% treaty rate (or in excess of the 5% reduced treaty rate for qualifying corporate shareholders with at least 10% participation in our voting stock, or for a full refund in case of qualified pension funds). Payment of a capital distribution in the form of a par value reduction or a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution reserves is not subject to Swiss withholding tax. However, there can be no assurance that our shareholders will approve a reduction in par value or a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution reserves, that we will be able to meet the other legal requirements for a reduction in par value, or that Swiss withholding rules will not be changed in the future or that a change in Swiss law will not adversely affect us or our shareholders, in particular as a result of distributions out of qualifying capital contribution reserves becoming subject to additional corporate law or other restrictions. There are currently legislative projects pending in Swiss Parliament and the Swiss federal administration that – depending on their final form – may limit the distribution of qualifying capital contribution reserves. In addition, over the long term, the amount of par value and qualifying capital contribution reserves available for us to use for par value reductions or dividends will be limited. If we are unable to make a distribution through a reduction in par value or to pay a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution reserves, we may not be able to make distributions without subjecting you to Swiss withholding taxes.

27

Under current Swiss tax law, repurchases of shares for the purposes of capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to 35% Swiss withholding tax on the difference between the par value and the repurchase price. However, the portion of the repurchase price that is attributed to qualifying capital contribution reserves of the shares repurchased will not be subject to the Swiss withholding tax. No partial liquidation treatment applies and no withholding tax is triggered if the shares are not repurchased for cancellation but held by us as treasury shares. However, should we not resell such treasury shares within six years, the withholding tax becomes due at the end of the six year period. 

We may follow a share repurchase process for future share repurchases, if any, similar to a "second trading line" on the SIX Swiss Exchange in which Swiss institutional investors buy shares on the open market and sell these shares to us and are generally able to receive a refund of the Swiss withholding tax. However, if we are unable to use this process successfully, we may not be able to repurchase shares for the purposes of capital reduction without subjecting you to Swiss withholding taxes if and to the extent that the repurchase of shares is made out of retained earnings or other taxable reserves. No withholding tax would be applicable if and to the extent that qualifying capital contribution reserves are attributable to the share repurchase.