The risks described below are not the
only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be
immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or
operating results could be materially adversely affected.

Risks Related to the Company

If we are not successful in the continued
development, introduction or timely manufacture of new products, demand for our products could decrease. 

We expect that a significant
portion of our future revenue will continue to be derived from sales of newly introduced products. The market for our products
is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and changes in customer needs. If we fail to introduce
new products, or to modify or improve our existing products, in response to changes in technology, industry standards or customer
needs, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. We must continue to make significant investments in research
and development in order to continue to develop new products, enhance existing products and achieve market acceptance for such
products. However, there can be no assurance that development stage products will be successfully completed or, if developed,
will achieve significant customer acceptance.

18

If we are unable to
successfully develop and introduce competitive new products, and enhance our existing products, our future results of operations
would be adversely affected. Our pursuit of necessary technology may require substantial time and expense. We may need to license
new technologies to respond to technological change. These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept or
may materially change the gross profits that we are able to obtain on our products. We may not succeed in adapting our products
to new technologies as they emerge. Development and manufacturing schedules for technology products are difficult to predict,
and there can be no assurance that we will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products. The timely availability
of these products in volume and their acceptance by customers are important to our future success. Any future challenges related
to new products, whether due to product development delays, manufacturing delays, lack of market acceptance, delays in regulatory
approval, or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

If we are unable to compete effectively
with existing or new competitors, our resulting loss of competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer
orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. 

The markets for many
of our products are highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future. Some of our competitors have significantly
greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly to new
or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development,
promotion and sale of their products or secure better product positioning with retailers. Increased competition could result in
price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. Our failure to compete successfully against
current or future competitors could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The demand for personal navigation
devices (PNDs) has been and continues to be reduced by replacement technologies becoming available on mobile devices and factory-installed
systems in new autos, as well as by market saturation. 

GPS/navigation technologies
have been incorporated into competing devices such as mobile handsets, tablets, and new automobiles through factory-installed
systems. Many companies are now offering navigation software for these mobile devices. The acceptance of this technology by consumers
has reduced sales in this segment and has reduced margins in some periods. Navigation systems are also becoming more prevalent
as standard and/or optional equipment on new automobiles. Increased navigation penetration on mobile handsets and in new automobiles
is expected to cause further declines in sales of our portable navigation devices and could further reduce margins.

Our financial results are dependent
on the automotive/mobile segment, which represents approximately 43% of our revenues, and is expected to decline in 2015. 

We experienced substantial
growth through 2008 in the automotive/mobile segment of our business as the products became mass-market consumer electronics in
both Europe and North America. This market is declining as competing technologies emerged and market saturation occurred. This
has resulted in, and could continue to result in, periods of lower revenues for this segment and lower earnings per share.

Economic conditions and uncertainty
could adversely affect our revenue and margins.

Our revenue and margins
depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete. Economic weakness
or constrained consumer and business spending has resulted in periods of decreased revenue and in the future, could result in
decreased revenue and problems with our ability to manage inventory levels and collect customer receivables. In addition, financial
difficulties experienced by our retailers and OEM customers have resulted, and could result in the future, in significant bad
debt write-offs and additions to reserves in our receivables and could have an adverse affect on our results of operations.

19

If we do not correctly anticipate demand
for our products, we may not be able to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our products or we could have
costly excess production or inventories. 

We have generally been
able to increase or decrease production to meet fluctuations in demand. However, the demand for our products depends on many factors
and may be difficult to forecast. We expect that it will become more difficult to forecast demand as we introduce and support a
diverse product portfolio, as competition in the market for our products intensifies and as the markets for some of our products
mature. Significant unanticipated fluctuations in demand could cause the following problems in our operations:

·

If demand increases beyond what we forecast,
we would have to rapidly increase production. We would depend on suppliers to provide additional volumes of components and those
suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough to meet unexpected demand. 

·

Rapid increases in production levels to
meet unanticipated demand could result in higher costs for manufacturing and supply of components and other expenses. These higher
costs could lower our profit margins. Further, if production is increased rapidly, manufacturing quality could decline, which may
also lower our margins and reduce customer satisfaction.

·

If forecasted demand does not develop,
we could have excess inventories of finished products and components, which would use cash and could lead to write-offs of some
or all of the excess inventories. Lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing
efficiencies at our facilities, which could result in lower margins.

We depend on our suppliers, some of
which are the sole source for specific components, and our production would be seriously harmed if these suppliers are not able
to meet our demand and alternative sources are not available, or if the costs of components rise. 

We are dependent on
third party suppliers for various components used in our current products. Some of the components that we procure from third party
suppliers include semiconductors and electroluminescent panels, liquid crystal displays, memory chips, batteries and microprocessors.
The cost, quality and availability of components are essential to the successful production and sale of our products. Some components
we use are from sole source suppliers. Certain application-specific integrated circuits incorporating our proprietary designs are
manufactured for us by sole source suppliers. Alternative sources may not be currently available for these sole source components.

In the past we have
experienced shortages of certain components. In addition, if there are shortages in supply of components, the costs of such components
may rise. If suppliers are unable to meet our demand for components on a timely basis and if we are unable to obtain an alternative
source or if the price of the alternative source is prohibitive, or if the costs of components rise, our ability to maintain timely
and cost-effective production of our products would be seriously harmed.

Gross margins for our products may fluctuate
or erode. 

Gross margins in some
of our segments have declined in recent years and could further decline in the future due to competitive price reductions that
are not fully offset by material cost reductions. In addition, our overall gross margin may fluctuate from period to period due
to a number of factors, including product mix, competition and unit volumes. In particular, the average selling prices of a specific
product tend to decrease over that product’s life. To offset such decreases, we intend to rely primarily on component cost
reduction, obtaining yield improvements and corresponding cost reductions in the manufacturing of existing products and on introducing
new products that incorporate advanced features and therefore can be sold at higher average selling prices. However, there can
be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such yield improvements or cost reductions or introduce any such new products
in the future. To the extent that such cost reductions and new product introductions do not occur in a timely manner or our products
do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

20

Our quarterly financial statements will
reflect fluctuations in foreign currency translation.

The operation of
Garmin’s subsidiaries in international markets results in exposure to movements in currency exchange rates. We have
experienced significant foreign currency gains and losses due to the strengthening and weakening of the U.S. dollar. The
potential of volatile foreign exchange rate fluctuations in the future could have a significant effect on our results of
operations. The company has not historically hedged its foreign currency exchange rate risks. 

The currencies that
create a majority of the Company’s exchange rate exposure are the Taiwan Dollar, Euro, and British Pound Sterling. The Taiwan
Dollar is the functional currency of Garmin Corporation. The U.S. Dollar remains the functional currency of Garmin Europe. The
Euro is the functional currency of most European subsidiaries. As these entities have grown, currency moves can generate material
gains and losses. Additionally, Euro-based inter-company transactions in Garmin Ltd. can also generate currency gains and losses.
Other legal entities primarily use the local currency as the functional currency. Due to the relative size of entities using a
functional currency other than the Taiwan Dollar, the Euro and the British Pound Sterling, currency fluctuations within these
entities are not expected to have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements.

The Company translates
all assets and liabilities at year-end exchange rates and income and expense accounts at average rates during the year. U.S. GAAP
requires the Company at the end of each accounting period to translate into functional currency all U.S. Dollar denominated assets
and liabilities. This U.S. GAAP-mandated translation will cause us to recognize gain or loss on our financial statements as the
U.S. Dollar strengthens or weakens against the various functional currencies. Such gain or loss will create variations in our earnings
per share. Because there is minimal cash impact caused by such exchange rate variations, management will continue to focus on the
Company’s operating performance before the impact of the foreign currency translation.

Changes in our United States federal income tax classification
or in applicable tax laws could result in adverse tax consequences to our shareholders. 

Legislative proposals
have been considered in the United States within the past few years that could increase the United States tax burden of corporations
with international operations and could broaden the circumstances under which foreign corporations could be considered resident
in the United States.  Legislative proposals are being considered in Switzerland that could make significant changes in the
corporate tax regime and increase the taxes applicable to us in Switzerland.  Our tax position could be adversely impacted
by changes in Swiss, United States or foreign tax laws, tax treaties or tax regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof
by any tax authority. We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals.

We do not believe that
we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a ‘‘passive foreign investment company’’
for United States federal income tax purposes.  We do not expect to become a passive foreign investment company.  However,
because the passive foreign investment company determination is made annually based on whether the company’s income or assets
meet certain thresholds as determined under United States federal tax principles which are based on facts and circumstances that
may be beyond our control, we cannot assure that we will not become a passive foreign investment company in the future.  If
we are a passive foreign investment company in any year, then any of our shareholders that is a United States person could be liable
to pay tax on their pro rata share of our income plus an interest charge upon some distributions by us or when that shareholder
sells our common shares at a gain.  Further, if we are classified as a passive foreign investment company in any year in which
a United States person is a shareholder, we generally will continue to be treated as a passive foreign investment company with
respect to such shareholder in all succeeding years, regardless of whether we continue to satisfy the income or asset tests mentioned
above.

21

We do not believe that
we, or any of our United States or non-United States subsidiaries, are currently a Controlled Foreign Corporation (CFC) for United
States federal income tax purposes. We do not expect to become a CFC. The CFC determination is made daily based on whether the
United States shareholders own more than fifty percent of the voting power or value of the Company. Only United States persons
that own ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s shares qualify as United States shareholders. If the Company
were to be classified as a CFC for an uninterrupted thirty day period in any year, the Company’s shareholders that qualify
as United States shareholders could be liable to pay US income tax at ordinary income tax rates on their pro-rata share of certain
categories of the Company’s income for the period in which the Company is classified as a CFC. As the Company cannot control
the ownership of the Company’s stock nor can the Company control which shareholders participate in the Company’s stock
buyback program, ownership changes could result that create United States shareholders which increase the risk of Garmin being
treated as a CFC.

We have benefited in the past from Taiwan
government tax incentives offered on certain high technology capital investments that may not always be available. 

Our
effective tax rate has historically been lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate, in part because we have benefited from incentives
offered in Taiwan related to our high technology investments in Taiwan. The loss of these tax benefits 
has
begun to have a negative impact on our effective tax rate and reduced benefits will continue into the future. 

We may experience unique economic and political risks associated
with companies that operate in Taiwan. 

Relations between Taiwan
and the People’s Republic of China, also referred to as the PRC, and other factors affecting the political or economic conditions
of Taiwan in the future could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the market price
and the liquidity of our shares. Our principal manufacturing facilities where we manufacture all of our products, except our panel-mounted
aviation products, are located in Taiwan.

Taiwan has a unique
international political status. The PRC asserts sovereignty over all of China, including Taiwan, certain other islands and all
of mainland China. The PRC government does not recognize the legitimacy of the Taiwan government. Although significant economic
and cultural relations have been established during recent years between Taiwan and the PRC, the PRC government has indicated that
it may use military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain circumstances, such as the declaration of independence by Taiwan.
Relations between Taiwan and the PRC have on occasion adversely affected the market value of Taiwanese companies and could negatively
affect our operations in Taiwan in the future.

Our intellectual property rights are
important to our operations, and we could suffer loss if they infringe upon other’s rights or are infringed upon by others.

We rely on a combination
of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect
our proprietary rights. To this end, we hold rights to a number of patents and registered trademarks and regularly file applications
to attempt to protect our rights in new technology and trademarks. However, there is no guarantee that our patent applications
will become issued patents, or that our trademark applications will become registered trademarks. Moreover, even if approved, our
patents or trademarks may thereafter be successfully challenged by others or otherwise become invalidated for a variety of reasons.
Thus, any patents or trademarks we currently have or may later acquire may not provide us a significant competitive advantage.

Third parties may claim
that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial condition. From time to time we receive letters alleging infringement of patents, trademarks or other intellectual property
rights. Litigation concerning patents or other intellectual property is costly and time consuming. We may seek licenses from such
parties, but they could refuse to grant us a license or demand commercially unreasonable terms. Such infringement claims could
also cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend or permanently cease the use of critical technologies or processes
or the production or sale of major products.

22

We may become subject to significant
product liability costs. 

If our aviation products
malfunction or contain errors or defects, airplane collisions or crashes could occur resulting in property damage, personal injury
or death. Malfunctions or errors or defects in our marine navigational products could cause boats to run aground or cause other
wreckage, personal injury or death. If our automotive or marine products contain defects or errors in the mapping supplied by third-party
map providers or if our users do not heed our warnings about the proper use of these products, collisions or accidents could occur
resulting in property damage, personal injury or death. If any of these events occurs, we could be subject to significant liability
for personal injury and property damage and, under certain circumstances, could be subject to a judgment for punitive damages.
We maintain insurance against accident-related risks involving our products. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance
would be sufficient to cover the cost of damages to others or that such insurance will continue to be available at commercially
reasonable rates. In addition, insurance coverage generally will not cover awards of punitive damages and may not cover the cost
of associated legal fees and defense costs, which could result in lower margins. If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance
to cover product liability costs or if our insurance coverage does not cover the award, this could have a materially adverse impact
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Privacy concerns relating to our technology could damage
our reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and applications. 

Concerns about our
practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information, user location information or other
privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and operating results. While we strive to comply with all
applicable data protection laws and regulations, as well as our own posted privacy policies, any failure or perceived failure to
comply may result in proceedings or actions against us by government entities or others, or could cause us to lose users and customers,
which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business.

Regulatory authorities
around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. In addition, the
interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in
flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If
so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could
have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial
costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.

Security breaches and other disruptions, including as a result
of cyber attacks, may harm our reputation and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

In the ordinary course
of our business, we electronically maintain sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information
and that of our customers and suppliers, and some personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our facilities
and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is important to our operations. A
breach of our security systems and procedures or those of our vendors could result in significant data losses or theft of our customers'
or our employees' intellectual property, proprietary business information or personally identifiable information.  A cybersecurity
breach could negatively affect our reputation as a trusted product and service provider by adversely affecting the market's perception
of the security or reliability of our products or services. 

23

We have a technology
and processes in place to detect and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time,
we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. In addition, hardware, software or applications
we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly
compromise information security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through fraud,
trickery or other forms of deceiving our customers and employees. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques
or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, or if such measures are implemented, and even with appropriate
training conducted in support of such measures, human errors may still occur. It is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate
this risk. A party, whether internal or external, who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate information.

Actual or anticipated
attacks and risks may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies,
to train employees, and to engage third party security experts and consultants. Our technology errors and omissions insurance may
not protect against all of the costs, liabilities, and other adverse effects arising from a security breach or system failure.
If we fail to reasonably maintain the security of confidential information, we may suffer significant reputational and financial
losses and our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and liquidity may be adversely affected. In addition, a
system breach could result in other negative consequences, including disruption of internal operations, and may subject us to private
litigation, government investigations, enforcement actions, and cause us to incur potentially significant liability, damages, or
remediation costs.

We depend on third party licensors for
the digital map data contained in our automotive/mobile products, and our business and/or gross margins could be harmed if we become
unable to continue licensing such mapping data or if the royalty costs for such data rise.

We license digital mapping
data for use in our products from various sources. There are only a limited number of suppliers of mapping data for each geographical
region. The two largest digital map suppliers are HERE (formerly known as NAVTEQ) and TomTom N.V. HERE is owned by Nokia Oyj and
TomTom N.V. is owned by TomTom N.V. Nokia and TomTom are both competitors of Garmin.

Although we do not foresee
difficulty in continuing to license data at favorable pricing due to the long term license extension signed between Garmin and
HERE in February 2015 extending our HERE license agreement through 2024, if we are unable to continue licensing such mapping data
and are unable to obtain an alternative source, or if the nature of our relationships with HERE changes detrimentally, our ability
to supply mapping data for use in our products would be seriously harmed.

We may have additional income tax liabilities.  

We are subject to income
taxes in Switzerland, the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our
worldwide provision for income taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where
the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates
are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical
income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our income tax provision,
net income or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made.

Failure to obtain required certifications of our products
on a timely basis could harm our business. 

We have certain products,
especially in our aviation segment, that are subject to governmental and similar certifications before they can be sold. For example,
FAA certification is required for all of our aviation products that are intended for installation in type-certificated aircraft.
To the extent required, certification is an expensive and time-consuming process that requires significant focus and resources.
An inability to obtain, or excessive delay in obtaining, such certifications could have an adverse effect on our ability to introduce
new products and, for certain aviation OEM products, our customers’ ability to sell airplanes. Delays in our obtaining certification
for our aviation products have resulted, and may in the future result, in our being required to pay compensation to our customers.
Therefore, such inabilities or delays could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we cannot assure you that
our certified products will not be decertified. Any such decertification could have an adverse effect on our operating results.

24

Our business may suffer if we are not
able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or if we lose our key personnel. 

Our future success depends
partly on the continued contribution of our key executive, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing and administrative personnel.
We currently do not have employment agreements with any of our key executive officers. Swiss law prohibits us from paying severance
payments to our senior executive officers, which may impair our ability to recruit for these positions. We do not have key man
life insurance on any of our key executive officers and do not currently intend to obtain such insurance. The loss of the services
of any of our senior level management, or other key employees, could harm our business. Recruiting and retaining the skilled personnel
we require to maintain and grow our market position may be difficult. For example, in some recent years there has been a nationwide
shortage of qualified engineers who are necessary for us to design and develop new products, and therefore, it has sometimes been
challenging to recruit such personnel. If we fail to hire and retain qualified employees, we may not be able to maintain and expand
our business.

Our quarterly operating results are
subject to fluctuations and seasonality. 

Our operating results
are difficult to predict. Our future quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. If such operating results decline,
the price of our stock could decline. As we have expanded our operations, our operating expenses, particularly our research and
development costs, have increased as a percentage of our sales. If revenues decrease and we continue to increase research and development
costs, our operating results would be negatively affected.

Historically, our revenues
have been weaker in the first quarter of each fiscal year as our devices are highly consumer-oriented, and consumer buying is traditionally
lower in this quarter. Sales of certain of our fitness, marine and automotive products tend to be higher in our second fiscal
quarter due to increased consumer spending for such products in the spring season and travel season. Sales of many of our consumer
products also have been higher in our fourth fiscal quarter due to increased consumer spending patterns on electronic devices during
the holiday season.
 In addition, we attempt to time our new product releases to coincide with relatively higher consumer
spending in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, which contributes to these seasonal variations.

We rely on independent dealers and distributors
to sell our products, and disruption to these channels would harm our business. 

Because we sell many
of our products to independent dealers and distributors, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory
levels and support for our products. In particular, our dealers and distributors maintain significant levels of our products in
their inventories. If dealers and distributors attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient
levels to meet customer demand, our sales could be negatively impacted.

Many of our dealers
and distributors also sell products offered by our competitors. If our competitors offer our dealers and distributors more favorable
terms, those dealers and distributors may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In the future, we may not be able to retain
or attract a sufficient number of qualified dealers and distributors. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with
dealers and distributors or to expand our distribution channels, our business will suffer.

We may pursue strategic acquisitions,
investments, strategic partnerships or other ventures, and our business could be materially harmed if we fail to successfully identify,
complete and integrate such transactions. 

We intend to evaluate
acquisition opportunities and opportunities to make investments in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products,
or to enter into strategic partnerships with parties who can provide access to those assets, additional product or services offerings,
additional distribution or marketing synergies or additional industry expertise. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition,
investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates in the future, we may not be able to complete
those transactions on commercially favorable terms, or at all.

25

Any past or future acquisitions
could also result in difficulties assimilating acquired employees, operations, and products and diversion of capital and management’s
attention away from other business issues and opportunities. Integration of acquired companies may result in problems related to
integration of technology and inexperienced management teams. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide
not to work for us. We may not successfully integrate internal controls, compliance under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other
corporate governance matters, operations, personnel or products related to acquisitions we have made in previous years or may make
in the future. If we fail to successfully integrate such transactions, our business could be materially harmed.

There is uncertainty as to our shareholders’ ability
to enforce certain foreign civil liabilities in Switzerland and Taiwan. 

We are a Swiss company
and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States, particularly in Taiwan. As a result, it may be difficult
to effect service of process within the United States upon us. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of Switzerland
or Taiwan would recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained against us predicated upon the civil liability
provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original actions brought in
Switzerland or Taiwan against us predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof.

A shut down of Federal Aviation Administration
operations would harm our business.

Any failure of
Congress to appropriate funds for FAA operations that results in any shut down of FAA operations or furloughing of FAA employees
could result in delays in the required FAA certification of our avionics products and in the production, sale and registration
of aircraft that use our avionics products. Such delays could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Many of our products rely on the Global
Positioning System.

The Global Positioning
System (GPS) is a satellite-based navigation and positioning system consisting of a constellation of orbiting satellites. The satellites
and their ground control and monitoring stations are maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense. The Department
of Defense does not currently charge users for access to the satellite signals. These satellites and their ground support systems
are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible sabotage. The satellites were originally
designed to have lives of 7.5 years and are subject to damage by the hostile space environment in which they operate. However,
of the current deployment of satellites in place, some have been operating for more than 20 years.

To repair damaged or
malfunctioning satellites is currently not economically feasible. If a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable,
there could be a substantial delay before they are replaced with new satellites. A reduction in the number of operating satellites
may impair the current utility of the GPS system and the growth of current and additional market opportunities. GPS satellites
and ground control segments are being modernized. GPS modernization software updates can cause problems. We depend on public access
to open technical specifications in advance of GPS updates.

GPS is operated by the
U. S. Government, which is committed to maintenance and improvement of GPS; however if the policy were to change, and GPS were
no longer supported by the U. S. Government, or if user fees were imposed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition.

26

Some of our products
also use signals from Satellite Based Augmentation Systems (SBAS) that augment GPS, such as the U.S. Wide Area Augmentation System
(WAAS), Japanese MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS), and European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS).
Any curtailment of SBAS operating capability could result in decreased user capability for many of our aviation products, thereby
impacting our markets.

Any of the foregoing
factors could affect the willingness of buyers of our products to select Global Positioning System-based products instead of products
based on competing technologies.

Our business is subject to disruptions and uncertainties
caused by geopolitical instability, war or terrorism.

Acts of war or acts of terrorism, especially
any directed at the GPS signals, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
The threat of terrorism and war and heightened security and military response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism,
may cause a redeployment of the satellites used in GPS or interruptions of the system. To the extent that such interruptions have
an effect on sales of our products, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition.

A shut down of airspace
or imposition of restrictions on general aviation would harm our business. The shutdown of airspace could cause reduced sales of
our general aviation products and delays in the shipment of our products manufactured in our Taiwan manufacturing facilities to
our global distribution facilities, thereby adversely affecting our ability to supply new and existing products to our dealers
and distributors.

Any reallocation or repurposing of radio
frequency spectrum could cause harmful interference with the reception of Global Positioning System signals. This interference
could harm our business. 

Our Global Positioning
System technology is dependent on the use of the Standard Positioning Service (SPS) provided by the U.S. Government’s Global
Positioning System satellites. The Global Positioning System operates in radio frequency bands that are globally allocated for
radio navigation satellite services. International allocations of radio frequency are made by the International Telecommunications
Union (ITU), a specialized technical agency of the United Nations. These allocations are further governed by radio regulations
that have treaty status and which may be subject to modification every two to three years by the World Radio Communication Conference. 
Each country also has regulatory authority on how each band is used.  In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission
(FCC) and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) share responsibility for radio frequency allocations
and spectrum usage regulations.

Any ITU or national
reallocation of radio frequency spectrum, including frequency band segmentation or sharing of spectrum, or other modifications
of the permitted uses of relevant frequency bands, may materially and adversely affect the utility and reliability of our products
and have significant negative impacts on our business and our customers.

We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks
related to climate change.

Climate
change is receiving increasing attention worldwide.  Some scientists, legislators and others attribute global warming
to increased levels of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide, which has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts
to limit greenhouse gas emissions.

Various
regulatory and legislative measures to address greenhouse gas emissions are in different phases of implementation or discussion.
In the aftermath of its 2009 “endangerment finding” that greenhouse gas emissions pose a threat to human health and
welfare, the Environmental Protection Agency has begun to regulate greenhouse gas emissions under the authority granted to it under
the Clean Air Act. At the federal legislative level, Congressional passage of legislation adopting some form of federal mandatory
greenhouse gas emission reduction, such as a nationwide cap-and-trade program, does not appear likely at this time, although it
could be adopted at a future date. It is also possible that Congress may pass alternative climate change bills that do not mandate
a nationwide cap-and-trade program and instead focus on promoting renewable energy and energy efficiency, which could increase
the cost of doing business.

27

    Because it is uncertain
what laws and regulations will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws and regulations on our future consolidated
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Risks Relating
to Our Shares 

The volatility of our stock price could
adversely affect investment in our common shares.

The market price of
our common shares has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile.  During 2014, the closing price of our common shares
ranged from a low of $43.63 to a high of $61.69. A variety of factors could cause the price of our common shares to fluctuate,
perhaps substantially, including:

·

new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors;

·

general conditions in the worldwide economy, including fluctuations
in interest rates and global currency exchange rates;

·

announcements of technological innovations;

·

product obsolescence and our ability to manage product transitions;

·

developments in our relationships with our customers and suppliers;

·

the availability, pricing and timeliness of delivery of components,
such as flash memory and liquid crystal displays, used in our products;

·

quarterly fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results;

·

changes in applicable tax laws and tax rates;

·

developments in patents or other intellectual property rights and
litigation;

·

announcements and rumors of developments related to our business,
our competitors, our suppliers or the markets in which we compete;

·

research reports or opinions issued by securities analysts or brokerage
houses related to Garmin, our competitors, our suppliers or our customers; 

·

any significant acts of terrorism against the United States, Taiwan
or significant markets where we sell our products; and

·

other factors as discussed in the previously listed risks.

In addition, in recent
years the stock market in general and the markets for shares of technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price
fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies.  Any such fluctuations in
the future could adversely affect the market price of our common shares.

Our officers and directors exert substantial influence over
us. 

As of January 25, 2015,
current members and former members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers, together with members of their families
and entities that may be deemed affiliates of or related to such persons or entities, beneficially owned approximately 40.62% of
our outstanding common shares. Accordingly, these shareholders may be able to determine the outcome of corporate actions requiring
shareholder approval, such as mergers and acquisitions and shareholder proposals. This level of ownership may have a significant
effect in delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Garmin and may adversely affect the voting and other rights
of other holders of our common shares.

28

The rights of our shareholders are governed
by Swiss law.

         The
rights of our shareholders are governed by Swiss law and Garmin Ltd.’s articles of association. The rights of shareholders
under Swiss law differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law
allows our shareholders acting at a shareholders’ meeting to authorize share capital that can be issued by the board of directors
without approval of a shareholders’ meeting, but this authorization is limited to 50% of the existing registered share capital
and must be renewed at a shareholders’ meeting at least every two years for it to continue to be available. Additionally,
subject to specified exceptions, including the exceptions described in our articles of association, Swiss law grants preemptive
rights to existing shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares and other securities. Swiss law also does not provide
as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares as the laws of some other jurisdictions.
Swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders certain corporate actions over which a board of directors would have authority
in some other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law provides that dividends and other distributions must be approved by shareholders
at the general meeting of shareholders. These Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management may limit our flexibility,
and situations may arise where greater flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.

We may not be able to make distributions
or repurchase shares without subjecting you to Swiss withholding tax.

         If
we are unable to make distributions, if any, through a reduction of par value or to pay dividends, if any, out of qualifying capital
contribution reserves, then any dividends paid by us will generally be subject to a Swiss federal withholding tax at a rate of
35%. The withholding tax must be withheld from the gross distribution and paid to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration. A U.S.
holder that qualifies for benefits under the Convention between the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the
Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income may apply for a refund of the tax withheld in excess of the 15% treaty
rate (or in excess of the 5% reduced treaty rate for qualifying corporate shareholders with at least 10% participation in our voting
stock, or for a full refund in case of qualified pension funds). Payment of a capital distribution in the form of a par value reduction
or a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution reserves is not subject to Swiss withholding tax. However, there can be no
assurance that our shareholders will approve a reduction in par value or a dividend out of qualifying capital contribution reserves,
that we will be able to meet the other legal requirements for a reduction in par value, or that Swiss withholding rules will not
be changed in the future or that a change in Swiss law will not adversely affect us or our shareholders, in particular as a result
of distributions out of qualifying capital contribution reserves becoming subject to additional corporate law or other restrictions.
There are currently legislative projects pending in Swiss Parliament and the Swiss federal administration that – depending
on their final form – may limit the distribution of qualifying capital contribution reserves. In addition, over the long
term, the amount of par value and qualifying capital contribution reserves available for us to use for par value reductions or
dividends will be limited. If we are unable to make a distribution through a reduction in par value or to pay a dividend out of
qualifying capital contribution reserves, we may not be able to make distributions without subjecting you to Swiss withholding
taxes.

Under current Swiss
tax law, repurchases of shares for the purposes of capital reduction are treated as a partial liquidation subject to 35% Swiss
withholding tax on the difference between the par value and the repurchase price. However, the portion of the repurchase price
that is attributed to qualifying capital contribution reserves of the shares repurchased will not be subject to the Swiss withholding
tax. No partial liquidation treatment applies and no withholding tax is triggered if the shares are not repurchased for cancellation
but held by us as treasury shares. However, should we not resell such treasury shares within six years, the withholding tax becomes
due at the end of the six year period.

We may follow a share
repurchase process for future share repurchases, if any, similar to a "second trading line" on the SIX Swiss Exchange
in which Swiss institutional investors buy shares on the open market and sell these shares to us and are generally able to receive
a refund of the Swiss withholding tax. However, if we are unable to use this process successfully, we may not be able to repurchase
shares for the purposes of capital reduction without subjecting you to Swiss withholding taxes if and to the extent that the repurchase
of shares is made out of retained earnings or other taxable reserves. No withholding tax would be applicable if and to the extent
that qualifying capital contribution reserves are attributable to the share repurchase.

29