The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Business Risks

If we are not successful in the continued development, timely manufacture, and introduction of new products or product categories, overall demand for our products could decrease to the extent that total sales and profits decline.

A significant portion of our revenue has been, and we expect in the future will continue to be, derived from sales of newly introduced products. The market for our products is characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and regulations and changes in customer needs. If we fail to introduce new products, or to modify or improve our existing products, in response to changes in technology, industry standards, regulatory requirements or customer needs, our products could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. We must continue to make significant investments in research and development in order to continue to develop new products, enhance existing products and achieve market acceptance for such products. However, there can be no assurance that development stage products will be successfully completed or, if developed, will achieve significant customer acceptance. If we are unable to successfully develop and introduce competitive new products, and enhance our existing products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

There are many factors that can affect new product offerings, product features, and timeliness to market. Our pursuit of necessary technology may require substantial time and expense. We may need to license new technologies to respond to technological change. These licenses may not be available to us on terms that we can accept or may materially change the gross profits that we are able to obtain on our products. We may not succeed in adapting our products to new technologies as they emerge. Development and manufacturing schedules for technology products are difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that we will achieve timely initial customer shipments of new products. The timely availability of these products in volume and their acceptance by customers are important to our future success. Any future challenges related to new products, whether due to product development delays, manufacturing delays, supply chain constraints, lack of market acceptance, delays in regulatory approval, or otherwise, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors, the associated loss of competitive position could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share.

The markets for many of our products and services are highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future. Some of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products or secure better product positioning with retailers. Additionally, existing and emerging competitors have been able to replicate certain features offered by some of our products and services or respond more rapidly to emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. Some of our original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers may develop in-house equipment and components that they currently purchase from us. Increased competition could result in price reductions, fewer customer orders, reduced margins and loss of market share. Our failure to compete successfully against current or future competitors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

14

We may experience unique economic and political risks associated with companies that operate in Taiwan.

Our principal manufacturing facilities for consumer products are located in Taiwan. The People’s Republic of China, also referred to as the PRC, asserts sovereignty over all of China, including Taiwan, certain other islands, and all of mainland China. The PRC government does not recognize the legitimacy of the Taiwan government. Although significant economic and cultural relations exist between Taiwan and the PRC, the PRC government has indicated that it may use military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain circumstances, such as the declaration of independence by Taiwan. There is also a risk that the PRC government may unilaterally seek to occupy Taiwan, by force if necessary, without a clear triggering event. In this scenario, Garmin’s manufacturing facilities and suppliers based in Taiwan could be subject to disruptions that could have a material negative impact to our operations. United States–Taiwan relations are governed by the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act, which signifies when the U.S. switched diplomatic recognition from Taiwan to the PRC, referred to as the "one-China" policy. China's relations with Taiwan may also be influenced by changes in relations between the U.S. and China or other geopolitical conditions. Deviations from the "one-China" policy or other conflicts or disputes could lead to adverse changes in China-U.S. and China-Taiwan relations and could materially adversely affect our manufacturing operations and suppliers based in Taiwan, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have made and may continue making significant investments in the auto OEM segment, the associated cost of which may negatively impact total company profits.

We have been awarded several tier-one and tier-two auto OEM supplier contracts. To fulfill the associated program commitments, we have invested significantly in facilities, research and development, and other operating expenses. Operating performance of the auto OEM segment has negatively impacted our consolidated operating income, as the associated revenue and gross profit have not been sufficient to cover these costs. If we are not successful in winning additional contracts, substantially leveraging our past and future investments, and implementing and maintaining efficient manufacturing processes, the auto OEM segment’s contributions may continue to negatively impact total company profits. We may incur substantial restructuring costs if we are unable to generate profits from auto OEM contracts, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We depend on third party suppliers and licensors, some of which are sole source, for technology and components used in our products. Our production and business would be seriously harmed if these suppliers or licensors are not able to meet our demand and alternative sources are not available, or if the costs of components rise.

We are dependent on third party suppliers for various components used in our current products. Some of the components that we procure from third party suppliers include semiconductors, liquid crystal displays, memory chips, batteries and microprocessors. The availability of high-quality components at reasonable cost is essential to the successful production and sale of our products. Some components we use are from sole source suppliers.

We have experienced and expect to in the future experience shortages of certain components, as well as delays in procuring certain components. In addition, a shortage in supply of components may result in an increase of the costs of procuring these components. Supply chain disruptions, including suppliers being unable to meet our demand for components or the inability to obtain components from alternative sources, or component cost increases could affect our ability to maintain timely and cost-effective production of our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our products are also dependent on certain licensed technology and content. If we are unable to continue sourcing such technology and content from our licensors and are unable to obtain an alternative source, or if our relationships with our licensors change detrimentally, our ability to provide certain features in our products would be affected, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

15

Our business has been and is expected to continue to be impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions.

Our company, our global supply chain, and our global distribution network have experienced and are expected to continue to be exposed to information technology system failures and network disruptions including those caused by natural disasters, human error, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, and ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents. Failures or disruptions of our internal operations, our systems, the systems of our supply chain partners, or the systems of our business partners, which can include, among other things, order processing, invoicing, and manufacturing and distribution of products, and a loss of functionality of critical systems and online services, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have technology and processes in place designed to detect and respond to such failures and disruptions. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, and the nature of other potential incidents change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, our detection and response measures may be ineffective or inadequate. Furthermore, even with appropriate training conducted in support of such measures, human errors and omissions may still occur resulting in system failures and/or disruptions to our information technology infrastructure. Therefore, our business continuity and disaster recovery planning, or those of others in our global supply chain, may not be able to sufficiently mitigate all threats and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Losses or unauthorized access to or releases of proprietary or confidential information, including personal information, could result in significant reputational, financial, legal, and operational consequences.

We have in the past experienced, and expect to continue to experience, malicious attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems that seek to compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of proprietary and confidential information. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks have caused, and are expected to continue to cause, us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, to conduct additional employee training, and to engage third party security experts and consultants. A breach of our security systems and procedures or those of others in our global supply chain could result in significant data losses or theft of our intellectual property, confidential and proprietary information, or that of our business partners, as well as our users’ or employees' personal information, which could compromise our competitive position, reputation, operating results, and financial condition. Such events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Also, if we fail to reasonably maintain the security of our intellectual property, confidential and proprietary information, or that of our business partners, or the personal information of our users or employees, we may be subject to private litigation, government investigations, regulatory proceedings, enforcement actions, and cause us to incur potentially significant liability, damages, or remediation costs. Although we maintain cyber insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and significant self-insured retentions, is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business would suffer if we are not able to hire and retain sufficient qualified personnel or if we lose our key personnel.

Our future success depends significantly on the continued contribution of our key executive, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, and administrative personnel. Recruiting and retaining the skilled personnel we require to maintain and grow our market position has been and is expected to continue to be challenging. Shortages in qualified workforce personnel may lead to increased compensation costs in order for us to recruit and retain such personnel. If we fail to hire and retain qualified employees, our business and growth prospects will be harmed, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

16

We currently do not have employment agreements with any of our key executive officers. Swiss law prohibits us from paying certain severance payments to our senior executive officers, which may impair our ability to recruit for these positions. We do not have key person life insurance on any of our key executive officers and do not currently intend to obtain such insurance. The loss of the services of any of our senior level management, or other key employees, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If we do not correctly anticipate demand for our products, we may not be able to secure sufficient quantities or cost-effective production of our products or we could have costly excess production or inventories.

The demand for our products depends on many factors and may be difficult to forecast due to our increasingly diverse product portfolio, intensifying competition in the markets for our products, and the maturing of markets for some of our products. Significant unanticipated fluctuations in demand have caused and could in the future cause the following challenges to our operations:

•
If demand increases beyond what we forecast, we may not be able to adequately increase production to meet demand. We would depend on suppliers to provide additional volumes of components and those suppliers might not be able to increase production rapidly enough, due to supply chain issues or other constraints, to meet unexpected demand. 

•
Additionally, rapid increases in production levels to meet unanticipated demand could result in higher costs for manufacturing and supply of components, higher freight costs associated with urgent distribution of the products, and other expenses. These higher costs could lower our profit margins. Further, if production is increased rapidly, manufacturing quality could decline, which may also lower our profit margins and reduce customer satisfaction.

•
If actual results are significantly lower than forecasted demand, we could have excess inventories of finished products and components, which would use cash and could lead to write-offs of some or all of the excess inventories. Lower than forecasted demand could also result in excess manufacturing capacity or reduced manufacturing efficiencies at our facilities, which could result in lower profit margins.

These events, or others related to inaccurately anticipating demand, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

 Our products and services may be affected by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our products and services, or those of our OEM customers in which our products are installed, could be affected by design and manufacturing defects. There can be no assurance we will be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in our products and services, and may have limited ability to respond to those impacting our OEM customers. Failure to do so can result, and in the past has resulted in recalls, product replacements or modifications, and may cause reputational harm, and significant warranty and other expenses, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If our products malfunction or contain errors or defects, we could also be subject to significant liability for personal injury and property damage and, under certain circumstances, could be subject to a judgment for punitive damages. We maintain insurance against accident-related risks involving our products. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance would be sufficient to cover the cost of litigation or damages to others or that such insurance will continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates. In addition, insurance coverage may not cover awards of punitive damages and may not cover the cost of associated legal fees and defense costs, which could result in lower margins. If we are unable to maintain sufficient insurance to cover product liability costs or if our insurance coverage does not cover the award, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Our products may contain undetected security vulnerabilities, which could result in damage to our reputation, lost revenue, diverted development resources, increased warranty claims, and litigation.

Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products could expose them to hackers or other unscrupulous third parties who develop and deploy viruses and other malicious software programs that could attack our products. Actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and lead some customers to return products, to reduce or delay future purchases, or use competing products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

17

Natural disasters, catastrophic events, or climate change and associated requirements and pressures could affect our financial results.

Natural disasters and extreme weather events, such as tsunamis, typhoons, floods, wildfires, or earthquakes, could occur in a region where we have a manufacturing or warehousing facility which could cause disruptions in our business operations, loss of inventory, or affect the sale of our products. Global climate change could also result in certain types of these natural disasters occurring more frequently or with greater intensity. For descriptions and locations of our principal properties, see Item 2, “Properties”. These events could also have an impact on our suppliers and affect our supply chain, or our customers and affect the demand for our products. If our backup and recovery plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption or if our insurance is not sufficient to recover the costs associated with these types of events, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Climate change can also pose a risk to our business due to related regulatory and legislative measures, requirements of our OEM customers or other strategic partners, and evolving societal pressures, including pressures to reduce the carbon footprint of the aviation and marine industries, which could negatively impact the market for our products. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulates greenhouse gas emissions under the authority granted to it under the Clean Air Act. U.S. Congress, in addition to other regulatory authorities and legislative bodies around the world, could pass further legislation to mandate greenhouse gas emission reduction, implement cap-and-trade programs, or promote renewable energy and energy efficiency. Such measures could influence mobility and transportation trends, which could decrease the demand for certain of our products, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

If climate change has impacts on natural disasters, the regulatory environment, or societal pressures as discussed above, it could result in a change in demand for certain products in markets that we serve, including auto, aviation, and marine. If we fail to adjust our product and service offerings to respond to new opportunities driven by changes in regulation and/or consumer preferences, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Because it is uncertain what laws and regulations will be enacted, we cannot predict the potential impact of such laws and regulations on our future consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Enactment of additional laws and regulations directed at climate change policy could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We rely on independent dealers and distributors to sell our products, and disruption to these channels would harm our business.

Because we sell many of our products to independent dealers and distributors, we are subject to many risks, including risks related to their inventory levels and support for our products. These distribution channel-related risks could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our sales could be negatively impacted if dealers and distributors attempt to reduce their levels of inventory or if they do not maintain sufficient levels to meet customer demand.

Many of our dealers and distributors also sell products offered by our competitors. If our competitors offer our dealers and distributors more favorable terms, those dealers and distributors may de-emphasize or decline to carry our products. In the future, we may not be able to retain or attract a sufficient number of qualified dealers and distributors. If we are unable to maintain successful relationships with dealers and distributors or to expand our distribution channels, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Our large customers may also seek to leverage their position to improve their profitability through increased promotional programs or other measures, which could have a negative impact on our gross margin. Additionally, the loss of any large customer could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on concentration of credit risk.

18

We may pursue strategic acquisitions, investments, strategic partnerships or other ventures, and our business could be materially harmed if we fail to successfully identify, evaluate, complete, and integrate such transactions.

We continually evaluate acquisition opportunities and opportunities to make investments in complementary businesses, technologies, services or products, or to enter into strategic partnerships with parties who can provide access to those assets, additional product or services offerings, additional distribution or marketing synergies or additional industry expertise. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition, investment or strategic partnership candidates, or if we do identify suitable candidates in the future, we may not be able to complete those transactions on commercially favorable terms, or at all, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Any past or future acquisition could also result in difficulties assimilating acquired employees, operations, and products and diversion of capital and management’s attention away from other business issues and opportunities. Integration of acquired companies may result in problems related to integration of technology and inexperienced management teams. Due diligence performed prior to closing acquisitions may not uncover certain risks or liabilities that could materially impact our business and financial results. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us. We may not successfully integrate business, operational, and financial activities such as internal controls, Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 compliance, cyber security measures, the GDPR and other corporate governance and regulatory matters, operations, personnel or products related to acquisitions we may make in the future. If we fail to successfully integrate such transactions, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Many of our products rely on satellite systems and networks. Disruption to our use of those satellite systems and networks could harm our business.

Many of our products utilize Global Positioning System (GPS) and other global navigation satellite systems (GNSS), which are critical to their functionality. There are risks related to our reliance on GPS and GNSS that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

GPS is a satellite-based navigation and positioning system consisting of a constellation of orbiting satellites. The satellites and their ground control and monitoring stations are maintained and operated by the United States Department of Defense. The Department of Defense does not currently charge users for access to the satellite signals. These satellites and their ground support systems are complex electronic systems subject to electronic and mechanical failures and possible sabotage. GPS satellites have a limited lifespan and are subject to damage by the hostile space environment in which they operate. The U.S. Space Force and Missile Systems Center continue to launch new satellites to replace retired and aged satellites.

Despite ongoing efforts to repair, maintain and replace non-operational satellites, if a significant number of satellites were to become inoperable, there could be a substantial delay before they are replaced with new satellites. A reduction in the number of operating satellites may impair the current utility of GPS and the growth of current and additional market opportunities. Furthermore, as GPS satellites and ground control segment facilities are being modernized, software updates can cause problems. We depend on public access to open technical specifications in advance of GPS updates.

GPS is operated by the U.S. Government, which is currently committed to maintenance and improvement of GPS; however, if the policy were to change, and commercial access to GPS was no longer supported by the U.S. Government, or if user fees or other restrictions were imposed, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Products and services that rely on the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) are vulnerable to external interference, such as jamming and spoofing. Jamming is a deliberate disruption of signals, which prevents a device from determining its location, while spoofing involves transmitting signals that mislead a receiver with a false location. Although jamming and spoofing equipment are typically used in military campaigns, such equipment available commercially can also result in jamming and spoofing. While there are regulations that prohibit the use of jamming and spoofing equipment, if GNSS signals used by our products are disrupted or manipulated it could limit or compromise the location-based features of our products which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

19

Some of our products also use signals from Satellite Based Augmentation Systems (SBAS) that augment GPS, such as the U.S. Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS), Japanese MTSAT-based Satellite Augmentation System (MSAS) and European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS). Some products also use regional satellite systems like the Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS), operating as NavIC (Navigation with Indian Constellation) and Quasi-Zenith Satellite System (QZSS). Any curtailment of SBAS operating capability could result in decreased user capability for many of our aviation products, thereby impacting our markets, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Some of our products also use satellite signals from Russia’s GLONASS, the European Union Galileo system, and the Chinese BDS. National or European authorities may provide preferential access to signals to companies associated with their markets, including our competitors, which could harm our competitive position. Use of non-U.S. GNSS signals may also be subject to FCC waiver requirements and to restrictions based upon international trade or geopolitical considerations. If we are unable to develop timely and competitive commercial products using these systems, or obtain timely and equal access to service signals, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Some of our products and services also utilize non-navigation satellite networks, such as satellite networks utilized for communication, weather, and mapping content, operated by third parties, such as Iridium Communications and Skylo. Any disruption to these satellite systems or extended periods of reduced service by these systems could result in lost customers or revenue. If Garmin is unable to maintain contracts with the third parties that operate these satellite communications systems, the features of the products and services that leverage these systems would no longer function, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are dependent on the availability and unimpaired use of allocated bands within the radio frequency spectrum; our products may be subject to harmful interference from new or modified spectrum uses.

Our GPS technology is dependent on the use of the Standard Positioning Service (SPS) provided by the U.S. Government’s GPS satellites. GPS operates in radio frequency bands that are globally allocated for radio navigation satellite services. International allocations of radio frequency are made by the International Telecommunications Union (ITU), a specialized technical agency of the United Nations. These allocations are further governed by radio regulations that have treaty status and which may be subject to modification every two to three years by the World Radio Communication Conference. Each country also has regulatory authority on how each band is used. In the United States, the FCC and the National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) share responsibility for radio frequency allocations and spectrum usage regulations.

Our radar altimeter products for aircraft operate in a radio frequency band just above the C-band that has been allocated for 5G mobile wireless systems. There is a risk that 5G telecommunication systems operating in the vicinity of airports could cause harmful interference to radar altimeters resulting in inaccurate altimeter readings or complete altimeter failure.

This or any other ITU or national reallocation of radio frequency spectrum, including frequency band segmentation or sharing of spectrum, or other modifications of the permitted uses of relevant frequency bands, may affect the utility and reliability of our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Macroeconomic and Industry Risks

Maturation or contraction of the market for wearable devices or categories of these devices could adversely affect our revenue and profits.

We have experienced periods of annual growth in sales and profits in our outdoor and fitness segments, which have benefited from increased sales of wearable devices. However, we have also experienced periods of declines in sales and profits in these segments. If the overall wearable device market declines, or categories of devices within the wearable device market decline significantly, or if we lose significant market share in the wearable device market, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

20

Changes to trade regulations, including trade restrictions, such as tariffs, duties, and sanctions could significantly harm our results of operations.

The rapidly evolving international trade environment has created economic and operational uncertainties that could result in outcomes that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Certain of the goods we import are subject to tariffs and duties imposed by customs authorities of the jurisdictions into which they are imported. We manufacture our products in, and source goods from, multiple jurisdictions, such as Taiwan and China among others. New or increased tariffs, duties, or other trade restrictions imposed on products, goods, or components we import into the United States or other countries could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Additionally, some tariffs and duties are based on the classifications of the goods imported, which are routinely subject to review by customs authorities. We are unable to predict whether those authorities will challenge the classifications of any of our imports. Any changes that stem from such challenges could result in increased tariffs or duties, or other restrictions on our importation of goods. The imposition of and our response to new or enhanced trade restrictions on imports or exports, or any selective or inconsistent application relating to trade restrictions, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Economic and geopolitical conditions and uncertainty could adversely affect our revenue and profits.

Our revenue and profits depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete. We have operations outside the United States that make up a significant portion of our total revenue, which can present challenges depending on economic and geopolitical conditions on both a global and regional scale. Adverse economic conditions, including higher interest rates, inflation, higher fuel prices, higher unemployment, or recession, could adversely affect demand for our products and services. Economic weakness or constrained consumer and business spending has in the past resulted in periods of decreased revenue, and could in the future result in decreased revenue and problems with our ability to manage inventory levels and collect customer receivables. In addition, financial difficulties experienced by our retailers and OEM customers have resulted, and could result in the future, in significant bad debt write-offs and additions to reserves in our receivables and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. These and other adverse economic and political impacts could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Public health emergencies, including epidemics or pandemics, could have significant impacts on our business.

Widespread public health emergencies, including epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have significantly affected, and may in the future significantly affect, our business due to their impact on the economy and the demand for our products and services, disruptions to our operations, supply chain and sales and distribution channels, and government-imposed restrictions.

Additional risks, including gross margin fluctuations, foreign currency fluctuations, product development challenges, impacts to our key personnel, and dependencies on third party suppliers, may be heightened as a result of a widespread public health emergency. If we were unable to manage these risks effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Our business is subject to disruptions and uncertainties caused by geopolitical instability, war or terrorism.

Geopolitical instability, acts of war or acts of terrorism could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Specifically, the threat of terrorism and war and heightened security and military response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause a redeployment of the satellites used in GPS or interruptions of the system. To the extent that such interruptions have an effect on sales of our products, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

21

A shut down of airspace or imposition of restrictions on general aviation would harm our business. A shutdown of airspace could cause reduced sales of our general aviation products and delays in the shipment of our products manufactured in our Taiwan manufacturing facilities to our global distribution facilities, which would affect our ability to supply new and existing products to our dealers and distributors. Such events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Legal and Regulatory Compliance Risks

Changes in applicable tax laws or resolutions of tax disputes could result in adverse tax consequences to the Company.

Our tax positions could be adversely impacted by changes to tax laws, tax treaties, tax regulations, or the interpretation or enforcement thereof by any tax authority in which we file income tax returns, particularly in the U.S., Switzerland, Taiwan, and United Kingdom (U.K.). We cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals.

Additionally, the determination of our global provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment and often involves uncertainty. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain, most notably in the area of transfer pricing. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation or the ultimate tax outcome could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on the Company’s future income tax provision, net income.

Global taxing standards continue to evolve as a result of the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) recommendations aimed at preventing perceived base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) by multinational corporations, including the establishment of a global minimum tax rate of 15% under the “Pillar Two” framework. Many countries in which Garmin operates have implemented, or are in the process of implementing, global minimum tax legislation in accordance with Pillar Two. The implementation of global minimum tax and certain other tax legislation could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s future income tax provision, net income, or cash flows.

Partially to respond to changes to global tax standards, we initiated an intercompany transaction in 2020 which migrates ownership of certain intellectual property from Switzerland to the United States, which is the Company’s primary location for research, development and executive management. At the end of this migration, a higher percentage of income will be recognized in the U.S. Due to the subjectivity inherent in transfer pricing associated with this intercompany transaction, we have obtained advanced pricing agreements with the relevant jurisdictions.

Our intellectual property rights are important to our operations, and we could suffer loss if they infringe upon others’ rights or are infringed upon by others.

We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. To this end, we hold rights to a number of patents and registered trademarks and regularly file applications to attempt to protect our rights in new technology and trademarks. However, there is no guarantee that our patent applications will become issued patents, or that our trademark applications will become registered trademarks. In addition, effective copyright, patent and trade secret protection may be unavailable, limited or not applied for in certain countries. Moreover, even if approved, our patents or trademarks may thereafter be successfully challenged by others or otherwise become invalidated for a variety of reasons. Thus, any patents or trademarks we currently have or may later acquire may not provide us a significant competitive advantage.

The value of our products relies substantially on our technical innovation in fields in which there are many patent filings. Third parties have claimed and may in the future claim that we or our customers (some of whom are indemnified by us) are infringing their intellectual property rights. For example, individuals and groups have purchased and may in the future purchase intellectual property assets for the purpose of asserting claims of infringement and attempting to extract settlements from us or our customers. The number of these claims has increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future. Such claims could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

22

From time to time, we receive communications alleging infringement of patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights and we have been, and currently are, a defendant in lawsuits alleging patent infringement. Litigation concerning patents or other intellectual property is costly and time consuming and, at the present time, cost-effective insurance is not available. We may seek licenses from such parties, but they could refuse to grant us a license or demand commercially unreasonable terms. Such infringement claims could also cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to suspend or permanently cease the use of critical technologies or processes or the production or sale of certain products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We have claims and lawsuits against us that may result in adverse outcomes.

We are subject to a variety of claims and lawsuits. Adverse outcomes in some or all of these claims may result in significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. Litigation and other claims are subject to inherent uncertainties and the outcomes can be difficult to predict. As a result of these uncertainties, management may not adequately reserve for a contingent liability, or we may suffer unforeseen liabilities, which could then impact the results of a financial period. A material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements could occur for the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable or in which we otherwise incur a loss in excess of our reserves and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

As a business that operates worldwide, we are subject to complex and changing global laws and regulations, which exposes us to potential liabilities, increased costs and other adverse effects on our business.

Our global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations, including those in the following areas: telecommunications; environmental, health and safety; labor and employment; intellectual property ownership and infringement; antitrust; data privacy and security; consumer protection; product liability; anticorruption; import, export and trade; foreign exchange controls; anti–money laundering; and tax.

Compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive. New and changing laws and regulations can adversely affect our business by increasing our costs, limiting our ability to offer certain products, services or features to customers, imposing changes to the design of our products and services and requiring changes to our supply chain. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable global laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that at all times we will be in compliance with all global regulations given their multitude, complexity and ever-changing nature. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business is subject to a variety of United States and international laws, regulations and other legal obligations regarding data privacy and protection.

We collect, store, process, and use personal information and other user data. Our users’ personal information may include, among other information, names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, payment account information, height, weight, age, gender, heart rates, sleeping patterns, GPS-based location, and activity patterns. Our business partners may also collect and store such information.

Regulatory authorities and legislative bodies around the world, including in the United States, have enacted or are considering enacting a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data privacy and protection. These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. Noncompliance by us or our business partners could result in significant penalties, governmental investigations and regulatory proceedings, litigation, harm to our brand, and a decrease in the use of our products and services. Many of these laws provide for significant penalties. Under the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union, for example, potential penalties can be as high as 4% of a company’s total global revenue. A failure by us or our business partners to comply with such laws and regulations, or a substantial increase in costs to comply with such laws and regulations, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

23

Some of our products are subject to governmental regulation or certification. Failure to obtain required certifications of our products on a timely basis, either due to government shutdown or other delays in the certification process, could harm our business.

Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) certification is required for all of our aviation products that are intended for installation in type-certificated aircraft. To the extent required, certification is an expensive and time-consuming process that requires significant focus and resources. An inability to obtain, or excessive delay in obtaining, such certifications could have an adverse effect on our ability to introduce new products and, for certain aviation OEM products, our customers’ ability to sell airplanes. Delays in our obtaining certification for our aviation products have resulted and may in the future result in our being required to pay compensation to our customers. Additionally, if FAA operations are shut down or FAA employees are furloughed due to partial or complete government shutdowns or reduced FAA budgets, the required FAA certification of our avionics products and of the production, sale and registration of aircraft that use our avionics products could be delayed. Therefore, such inabilities or delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot assure that our certified products will not be decertified. Any such decertification could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, in accordance with FCC rules and regulations, wireless transceiver products are required to be certified by the FCC in the United States and comparable authorities in foreign countries where they are sold. Garmin’s products sold in Europe are required to comply with relevant directives of the European Commission. A delay in receiving required certifications for new products, or enhancements to Garmin’s products, or losing certification for Garmin’s existing products could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Financial Risks

Our results of operations and financial condition are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency translation.

The movement of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar affects the U.S. Dollar value of our foreign currency-denominated sales. The weakening of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar has had and may in the future have a significant adverse effect on our revenue, gross margin, and profitability, or may cause us to raise international pricing, which has reduced and may continue to reduce demand for certain of our products in certain countries. Conversely, a strengthening of certain foreign currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar would increase product costs and operating expenses denominated in those currencies, which could materially adversely affect profitability. We have not historically used financial instruments to hedge our foreign currency exchange rate risks.

We have experienced significant foreign currency gains and losses due to the strengthening and weakening of the U.S. Dollar relative to certain other currencies. The majority of our consolidated foreign currency gain or loss is typically driven by exchange rate impacts on the significant cash, receivables, and payables held in a currency other than the functional currency at a given legal entity. Such gain or loss will create variations in our earnings per share. However, because there is minimal cash impact caused by such exchange rate variations, management expects to continue to focus on our operating performance before the impact of foreign currency gains and losses.

Gross margins for our products may fluctuate or erode.

Gross margins in some of our segments are volatile and could decline in the future due to competitive price reductions that are not fully offset by material cost reductions. In addition, our overall gross margin may fluctuate from period to period due to a number of other factors, including product mix, foreign exchange rates, tariffs, freight and component costs, manufacturing facility utilization, and unit volumes. In particular, the average selling prices of a specific product tend to decrease over that product’s life. To offset such decreases, we intend to rely primarily on component cost reduction, obtaining yield improvements and corresponding cost reductions in the manufacturing of existing products and on introducing new products that incorporate advanced features and therefore can be sold at higher average selling prices. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain any such yield improvements or cost reductions or introduce any such new products in the future. Additionally, costs of components, including memory chips, have fluctuated and may continue to in the future due to factors such as supply constraints or global shortages. To the extent that cost reductions and new product introductions do not occur in a timely manner or our products do not achieve market acceptance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

24

Our operating results are subject to fluctuations and seasonality.

Our operating results are difficult to predict and our future operating results may fluctuate significantly. As we have expanded our operations, our operating expenses, particularly our research and development and information technology costs, have increased as a percentage of our sales in some periods. If revenues decrease and we maintain or continue to increase operating expenses, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Historically, our revenues have been lower in the first quarter of each fiscal year as many of our devices are highly consumer-oriented, and consumer buying is traditionally lower in this quarter. However, this can fluctuate based on the timing of new product launches. Sales of many of our consumer products have been highest in our fourth fiscal quarter due to increased consumer spending patterns on electronic devices during the holiday season, and many marine products experience increased demand in the first and second quarters in advance of the summer boating season. Our aviation and auto OEM products do not experience much seasonal variation but are more influenced by the timing of aircraft certifications, regulatory mandates, auto program manufacturing, and the release of new products when the initial demand is typically the strongest.

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Shares

The volatility of our share price could adversely affect investment in our common shares.

The market price of our shares has been, and may continue to be, highly volatile. During 2025, the closing price of our shares ranged from a low of $173.63 to a high of $259.77. A variety of factors could cause the price of our shares to fluctuate, perhaps substantially, including but not limited to:

•
new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors;

•
general conditions in the worldwide economy, including fluctuations in inflation, interest rates and global currency exchange rates;

•
announcements of technological innovations;

•
product obsolescence and our ability to manage product transitions;

•
developments in our relationships with our customers and suppliers; 

•
the availability, pricing and timeliness of delivery of components, such as semiconductors, flash memory and liquid crystal displays, used in our products;

•
quarterly fluctuations in our actual or anticipated operating results;

•
changes and proposed changes in applicable tax laws, tax rates, tariffs and duties;

•
developments in patents or other intellectual property rights and litigation;

•
announcements and rumors of developments related to our business, our competitors, our suppliers or the markets in which we compete;

•
research reports or opinions issued by securities analysts or brokerage houses related to Garmin, our competitors, our suppliers or our customers; 

•
any significant acts of terrorism in locations where we have significant operations or significant markets for our products; and

•
other factors as discussed in the previously listed risks.

In addition, from time to time the stock market in general and the markets for shares of technology companies in particular, experience extreme price fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies. Any such fluctuations in the future could adversely affect the market price of our common shares.

25

Our officers and directors exert substantial influence over us.

As of December 27, 2025, members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers, together with their respective immediate family members and entities that may be deemed affiliates of or related to such persons or entities, beneficially owned approximately 15% of our outstanding shares. Accordingly, these shareholders, if acting together or with other shareholders owning a significant amount of our outstanding shares, may be able to significantly influence the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, such as mergers and acquisitions and shareholder proposals. This level of ownership may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of Garmin and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of other holders of our common shares.

The rights of our shareholders are governed by Swiss law.

The rights of our shareholders are governed by Swiss law and Garmin Ltd.’s articles of association. The rights of shareholders under Swiss law differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other jurisdictions. For example, subject to specified exceptions, including the exceptions described in our articles of association, Swiss law grants preemptive rights to existing shareholders to subscribe for new issuances of shares and other securities. Swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility in the various terms that can attach to different classes of shares as the laws of some other jurisdictions. Swiss law also reserves for approval by shareholders certain corporate actions over which a board of directors would have authority in some other jurisdictions. For example, Swiss law provides that dividends and other distributions must be approved by shareholders at the general meeting of shareholders. These Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management may limit our flexibility, and situations may arise where greater flexibility would have provided substantial benefits to our shareholders.

We have limited capital reserves from which to make distributions without subjecting our shareholders to Switzerland withholding tax.

Under current Swiss law, distributions in excess of unappropriated capital contribution reserves are generally subject to Swiss federal withholding tax of 35%. If we are unable to pay a dividend out of unappropriated capital contribution reserves, any such dividend would be subject to Swiss withholding taxes. Additionally, there can be no assurance that our shareholders will approve a dividend out of or in excess of capital contribution reserves, or that Swiss withholding rules will not be changed in the future, or that a change in Swiss law will not adversely affect us or our shareholders, in particular as a result of distributions out of capital contribution reserves becoming subject to additional corporate law or other restrictions.

As of December 27, 2025, we had $2,807 million of unappropriated capital contribution reserves available from which we may make dividend payments. When the capital contribution reserves are fully utilized, the Swiss federal withholding tax must be withheld from the gross dividend distribution and paid to the Swiss federal Tax Administration. A shareholder that qualifies for benefits under a double tax treaty may be able to recover partial withholding tax. For example, a U.S shareholder that qualifies for benefits under the current Convention between the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income may apply for a refund of the tax withheld in excess of the 15% treaty rate (or in excess of the 5% reduced treaty rate for qualifying corporate shareholders with at least 10% participation in our voting shares, or for a full refund in case of qualified pension funds). A Swiss domiciled shareholder may be eligible to utilize the amount withheld as a recoverable tax credit against their Swiss tax liability.

Changes in our United States federal income tax classification, or that of our subsidiaries, could result in adverse tax consequences to our 10% or greater U.S. shareholders.

U.S. shareholders that own, or as a result of attribution rules are considered to own, ten percent or more of the voting power or value of the stock of a non-U.S. corporation (a “10% U.S. Shareholder”) may face adverse consequences as a result of U.S. federal income tax law applicable to owners of controlled foreign corporations (“CFCs”). As the Company cannot control the ownership of the Company’s stock, changes in ownership percentages, including those that result from decreases in the Company’s outstanding shares, that create new or additional 10% U.S. Shareholders could increase the risk of Garmin being treated as a CFC. Further, the Company cannot make the determination of CFC status or any related requirement of income inclusion for its shareholders, which may be dependent on specific facts and circumstances.

26

As a result of recent U.S. tax legislation, ownership attribution and income inclusion rules have changed over time as described below.

T
he United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "2017 Act"), signed on December 22, 2017, repealed Internal Revenue Code Section 958(b)(4) and may result in classification of certain of our foreign subsidiaries as CFCs without regard to whether 10% U.S. Shareholders together own, directly or indirectly, more than fifty percent of the voting power or value of the Company. Additional tax consequences to 10% U.S. Shareholders of a CFC may result from other provisions of the 2017 Act. For example, the 2017 Act added Section 951A to the Internal Revenue Code, which requires a 10% U.S. Shareholder of a CFC to include in income its pro-rata share of the global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI) of the CFC. The 2017 Act also eliminated the requirement in Section 951(a) necessitating that a foreign corporation be considered a CFC for an uninterrupted period of at least thirty days in order for a 10% U.S. Shareholder to have a current income inclusion.

On July 4, 2025, the U.S. enacted new tax legislation which changed the CFC attribution rules. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2025, the CFC determination is made daily based on whether the 10% U.S. Shareholders own cumulatively more than fifty percent of the voting power or value of the Company, and only U.S. persons that own ten percent or more of the voting power of the Company’s shares will qualify as 10% U.S. Shareholders.

There is uncertainty as to our shareholders’ ability to enforce certain foreign civil liabilities in Switzerland and Taiwan.

We are a Swiss company and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States, particularly in Taiwan. As a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process within the United States upon us. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of Switzerland or Taiwan would recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original actions brought in Switzerland or Taiwan against us predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof.