The
following is a discussion of significant risk factors relevant to Grainger’s
business that could adversely affect its financial position or results of
operations.

Weakness
in the United States and International economies could negatively impact
Grainger’s sales growth. Economic and industry trends affect Grainger’s
business environments. Economic downturns can cause customers to idle or close
facilities, delay purchases and otherwise reduce their ability to purchase
Grainger’s products and services as well as their ability to make full and
timely payments. Thus, a significant or prolonged slowdown in economic activity
could negatively impact Grainger’s sales growth and results of operations. The
recent global economic crisis has had a negative effect on Grainger’s sales and
could continue to do so into the future, however, the duration of this or any
other economic downturn cannot be predicted.

The
facilities maintenance industry is highly fragmented, and changes in competition
could result in a decreased demand for Grainger’s products and services.
There are several large competitors in the industry, although most of the
market is served by small local and regional competitors. Grainger faces
competition in all markets it serves, from manufacturers (including some of its
own suppliers) that sell directly to certain segments of the market, wholesale
distributors, catalog houses and retail enterprises. Competitive pressures could
adversely affect Grainger’s sales and profitability.

Volatility
in commodity prices may adversely affect operating margins. Some of
Grainger’s products contain significant amounts of commodity-priced materials,
such as steel, copper, or oil, and are subject to price changes based upon
fluctuations in the commodities market. Grainger’s ability to pass on increases
in costs depends on market conditions. The inability to pass along costs
increases could result in lower operating margins. In addition, higher prices
could impact demand for these products resulting in lower sales
volumes.

Unexpected
product shortages could negatively impact customer relationships, resulting in
an adverse impact on results of operations. Grainger’s competitive
strengths include product selection and availability. Products are purchased
from approximately 3,000 key suppliers, no one of which accounts for more than
5% of purchases. Historically, no significant difficulty has been encountered
with respect to sources of supply, however, economic downturns can adversely
affect a supplier’s ability to manufacture or deliver products. If Grainger were
to experience difficulty in obtaining products, there could be a short-term
adverse effect on results of operations and a longer-term adverse effect on
customer relationships and Grainger’s reputation. In addition, Grainger has
strategic relationships with key vendors. In the event Grainger was unable to
maintain those relations, there might be a loss of competitive pricing
advantages which could, in turn, adversely affect results of
operations.

 5

The
addition of new product lines could impact future sales growth. Grainger,
from time to time, expands the breadth of its offerings by increasing the number
of products it distributes. In 2006, Grainger launched a multiyear product line
expansion program. The continued success of the expansion program is expected to
be a driver of growth in 2009 and beyond. The success of these expansions will
depend on Grainger’s ability to accurately forecast market demand, obtain
products from suppliers and effectively integrate these products into the supply
chain. 
As
such, there is a risk that the product line expansion program will not deliver
the expected results which could negatively impact anticipated future sales
growth.

Interruptions
in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and
cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. The
proper functioning of Grainger’s information systems is critical to the
successful operation of its business. Although Grainger’s information systems
are protected with robust backup systems, including physical and software
safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still
vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, unauthorized access,
telecommunication failures and other problems. If critical information systems
fail or are otherwise unavailable, Grainger’s ability to process orders,
maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses
and maintain the security of Company and customer data could be adversely
affected.

In
order to compete, Grainger must attract, retain and motivate key employees, and
the failure to do so could have an adverse effect on results of
operations.  In order to compete and have continued growth,
Grainger must attract, retain and motivate executives and other key employees,
including those in managerial, technical, sales, marketing and support
positions. Grainger competes to hire employees and then must train them and
develop their skills and competencies. Grainger’s operating results could be
adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for
employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit
costs.

Fluctuations
in foreign currency could have an adverse effect on reported results of
operations.  Foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations
may have an impact on sales, future costs or on future cash flows from
international operations, and could adversely affect reported financial
performance.