While it
is not possible to identify all risk factors, we continue to face many risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking
statements and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our liquidity,
consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial
condition.

Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act Investigations

Background.  As a
result of an ongoing FCPA investigation at the time of the KBR separation, we
provided indemnification in favor of KBR under the master separation agreement
for certain contingent liabilities, including our indemnification of KBR and any
of its greater than 50%-owned subsidiaries as of November 20, 2006, the date of
the master separation agreement, for fines or other monetary penalties or direct
monetary damages, including disgorgement, as a result of a claim made or
assessed by a governmental authority in the United States, the United Kingdom,
France, Nigeria, Switzerland, and/or Algeria, or a settlement thereof, related
to alleged or actual violations occurring prior to November 20, 2006 of the FCPA
or particular, analogous applicable foreign statutes, laws, rules, and
regulations in connection with investigations pending as of that date, including
with respect to the construction and subsequent expansion by TSKJ of a
multibillion dollar natural gas liquefaction complex and related facilities at
Bonny Island in Rivers State, Nigeria.

TSKJ is a
private limited liability company registered in Madeira, Portugal whose members
are Technip SA of France, Snamprogetti Netherlands B.V. (a subsidiary of Saipem
SpA of Italy), JGC Corporation of Japan, and Kellogg Brown & Root LLC (a
subsidiary of KBR), each of which had an approximate 25% beneficial interest in
the venture.  Part of KBR’s ownership in TSKJ was held through M.W.
Kellogg Limited (MWKL), a United Kingdom joint venture and subcontractor on the
Bonny Island project, in which KBR beneficially owns a 55%
interest.  TSKJ and other similarly owned entities entered into
various contracts to build and expand the liquefied natural gas project for
Nigeria LNG Limited, which is owned by the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation, Shell Gas B.V., Cleag Limited (an affiliate of Total), and Agip
International B.V. (an affiliate of ENI SpA of Italy).

DOJ and SEC investigations
resolved.  In February 2009, the FCPA investigations by the DOJ
and the SEC were resolved with respect to KBR and us.  The DOJ and SEC
investigations resulted from allegations of improper payments to government
officials in Nigeria in connection with the construction and subsequent
expansion by TSKJ of the Bonny Island project.

The DOJ
investigation was resolved with respect to us with a non-prosecution agreement
in which the DOJ agreed not to bring FCPA or bid coordination-related charges
against us with respect to the matters under investigation, and in which we
agreed to continue to cooperate with the DOJ’s ongoing investigation and to
refrain from and self-report certain FCPA violations.  The DOJ
agreement did not provide a monitor for us.

As part
of the resolution of the SEC investigation, we retained an independent
consultant to conduct a 60-day review and evaluation of our internal controls
and record-keeping policies as they relate to the FCPA, and we agreed to adopt
any necessary anti-bribery and foreign agent internal controls and
record-keeping procedures recommended by the independent
consultant.  The review and evaluation were completed during the
second quarter of 2009, and we have implemented the consultant’s immediate
recommendations and will implement the remaining long-term recommendations by
mid-year 2010.  As a result of the substantial enhancement of our
anti-bribery and foreign agent internal controls and record-keeping procedures
prior to the review of the independent consultant, we do not expect the
implementation of the consultant’s recommendations to materially impact our
long-term strategy to grow our international operations.  In 2010, the
independent consultant will perform a 30-day, follow-up review to confirm that
we have implemented the recommendations and continued the application of our
current policies and procedures and to recommend any additional
improvements.

 35

KBR has
agreed that our indemnification obligations with respect to the DOJ and SEC FCPA
investigations have been fully satisfied.

Other matters.  In
addition to the DOJ and the SEC investigations, we are aware of other
investigations in France, Nigeria, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland regarding
the Bonny Island project.  In the United Kingdom, the Serious Fraud
Office (SFO) is considering civil claims or criminal prosecution under various
United Kingdom laws and appears to be focused on the actions of MWKL, among
others.  Violations of these laws could result in fines, restitution
and confiscation of revenues, among other penalties, some of which could be
subject to our indemnification obligations under the master separation
agreement. Our indemnity for penalties under the master separation agreement
with respect to MWKL is limited to 55% of such penalties, which is KBR’s
beneficial ownership interest in MWKL.  MWKL is cooperating with the
SFO’s investigation.  Whether the SFO pursues civil or criminal
claims, and the amount of any fines, restitution, confiscation of revenues or
other penalties that could be assessed would depend on, among other factors, the
SFO’s findings regarding the amount, timing, nature and scope of any improper
payments or other activities, whether any such payments or other activities were
authorized by or made with knowledge of MWKL, the amount of revenue involved,
and the level of cooperation provided to the SFO during the
investigations.  MWKL has informed the SFO that it intends to
self-report corporate liability for corruption-related offenses arising out of
the Bonny Island project.  Based on discussions with the SFO, MWKL
expects to receive confirmation that it will be admitted into the plea
negotiation process under the Guidelines on Plea Discussions in Cases of Complex
or Serious Fraud, which have been issued by the Attorney General for England and
Wales.

The DOJ
and SEC settlements and the other ongoing investigations could result in
third-party claims against us, which may include claims for special, indirect,
derivative or consequential damages, damage to our business or reputation, loss
of, or adverse effect on, cash flow, assets, goodwill, results of operations,
business prospects, profits or business value or claims by directors, officers,
employees, affiliates, advisors, attorneys, agents, debt holders, or other
interest holders or constituents of us or our current or former
subsidiaries.

Our
indemnity of KBR and its majority-owned subsidiaries continues with respect to
other investigations within the scope of our indemnity. Our indemnification
obligation to KBR does not include losses resulting from third-party claims
against KBR, including claims for special, indirect, derivative or consequential
damages, nor does our indemnification apply to damage to KBR’s business or
reputation, loss of, or adverse effect on, cash flow, assets, goodwill, results
of operations, business prospects, profits or business value or claims by
directors, officers, employees, affiliates, advisors, attorneys, agents, debt
holders, or other interest holders or constituents of KBR or KBR’s current or
former subsidiaries.

At this
time, other than the claims being considered by the SFO, no claims by
governmental authorities in foreign jurisdictions have been asserted against the
indemnified parties.  Therefore, we are unable to estimate the maximum
potential amount of future payments that could be required to be made under our
indemnity to KBR and its majority-owned subsidiaries related to these
matters.  An adverse determination or result against us or any party
indemnified by us in any investigation or third-party claim related to these
FCPA matters could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated
results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.  See Note
7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional
information.

 36

Barracuda-Caratinga
Arbitration

We also
provided indemnification in favor of KBR under the master separation agreement
for all out-of-pocket cash costs and expenses (except for legal fees and other
expenses of the arbitration so long as KBR controls and directs it), or cash
settlements or cash arbitration awards, KBR may incur after November 20, 2006 as
a result of the replacement of certain subsea flowline bolts installed in
connection with the Barracuda-Caratinga project.  Under the master
separation agreement, KBR currently controls the defense, counterclaim, and
settlement of the subsea flowline bolts matter.  As a condition of our
indemnity, for any settlement to be binding upon us, KBR must secure our prior
written consent to such settlement’s terms.  We have the right to
terminate the indemnity in the event KBR enters into any settlement without our
prior written consent.

At
Petrobras’ direction, KBR replaced certain bolts located on the subsea flowlines
that failed through mid-November 2005, and KBR has informed us that additional
bolts have failed thereafter, which were replaced by Petrobras.  These
failed bolts were identified by Petrobras when it conducted inspections of the
bolts.  We understand KBR believes several possible solutions may
exist, including replacement of the bolts.  Initial estimates by KBR
indicated that costs of these various solutions ranged up to $148
million.  In March 2006, Petrobras commenced arbitration against KBR
claiming $220 million plus interest for the cost of monitoring and replacing the
defective bolts and all related costs and expenses of the arbitration, including
the cost of attorneys’ fees.  We understand KBR is vigorously
defending this matter and has submitted a counterclaim in the arbitration
seeking the recovery of $22 million.  The arbitration panel held an
evidentiary hearing in March 2008 to determine which party is responsible for
the designation of the material used for the bolts.  On May 13, 2009,
the arbitration panel held that KBR and not Petrobras selected the material to
be used for the bolts.  Accordingly, the arbitration panel held
that there is no implied warranty by Petrobras to KBR as to the suitability
of the bolt material and that the parties' rights are to be governed by the
express terms of their contract.  The arbitration panel set the final
hearing on liability and damages for early May 2010.   Our
estimation of the indemnity obligation regarding the Barracuda-Caratinga
arbitration is recorded as a liability in our consolidated financial statements
as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008.  An adverse
determination or result against KBR in the arbitration could have a material
adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and
consolidated financial condition.  See Note 7 to our consolidated
financial statements for additional information regarding the KBR
indemnification.

Impairment
of Oil and Natural Gas Properties

We have
interests in oil and natural gas properties in Bangladesh and North America
totaling approximately $175 million, net of accumulated depletion, which we
account for under the successful efforts method.  These oil and
natural gas properties are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and
circumstances indicate that the properties’ carrying amounts may not be
recoverable.  The expected future cash flows used for impairment
reviews and related fair-value calculations are based on judgmental assessments
of future production volumes, prices, and costs, considering all available
information at the date of review.

A
downward trend in estimates of production volumes or prices or an upward trend
in costs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and might
result in an impairment of or higher depletion rate on our oil and natural gas