In addition
to the other information included in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors described below. 

Decreased demand from
our customers in the automotive industry may adversely affect our results of operations. 

For the year ended
June 30, 2010, approximately 73 percent of our sales were to automobile manufacturers. As a result, our financial performance depends, in large part, on conditions in the automotive industry, which is highly dependent on general economic
conditions and has recently experienced significant difficulty. As a result, we have and may continue to experience reductions in orders from our OEM customers. If one or more of our significant automotive customers experiences, or continues to
experience, continued or increased financial difficulty, as a result of a prolonged economic downturn or otherwise, this would have a further adverse effect on our business due to further decreased demand, the potential inability of these companies
to make full payment on amounts owed to us, or both. In addition, our customer supply agreements generally provide for reductions in pricing of our products over the period of production. Pricing pressures may intensify as a result of cost cutting
initiatives of our customers in the current economic environment. If we are unable to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset future price reductions, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

A decrease in consumer discretionary spending would likely reduce our sales. 

Our sales are dependent on discretionary spending by consumers, which has been materially adversely impacted by economic conditions
affecting disposable consumer income and retail sales. In addition, our sales of audio, electronic and infotainment products to automotive customers are dependent on the overall success of the automobile industry, and the success of premium
automobiles in particular, as well as the willingness of automobile purchasers to pay for the option of a premium branded automotive audio system or a multi-function digital infotainment system. Global demand for, and production of premium vehicles,
including certain vehicle models that incorporate our products, has recently declined significantly in the difficult economic environment. This “mix shift” has had a negative impact on our results of operations. Consumer trends such as
this could continue or accelerate in the future. 

The current economic environment may adversely affect the availability and cost of
credit and consumer spending patterns. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with
respect to indebtedness will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions. The recent subprime mortgage crisis and disruptions in the financial markets, including the bankruptcy
and restructuring of major financial institutions, adversely impacted the availability of credit already arranged, and may adversely impact the availability and cost of credit in the future. The disruptions in the financial markets have also
had an adverse effect on the global economy, which has negatively impacted consumer spending patterns. This has resulted in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price
competition. There can be no assurances that government responses to the disruptions in the financial markets will restore consumer confidence, stabilize the markets or increase liquidity and the availability of credit. 

We may not realize sales represented by awarded business. 

Our current estimate of $12.2 billion of awarded business in our Automotive segment is calculated using certain assumptions from our
customers, including projected future sales volumes with respect to the applicable platforms. Orders from our customers with respect to these platforms are not made pursuant to contractual obligations and our customers can terminate arrangements
with us at any time without penalty. Therefore, our 

11 

Table of Contents

actual platform sales volumes, and thus the ultimate amount of revenue that we derive from such platforms, is not committed. If actual production orders from our customers are not consistent with
the projections we use in calculating the amount of our awarded business, we could realize substantially less revenue over the life of these projects than the currently projected estimate of $12.2 billion. 

We may not be successful in realizing and sustaining the cost savings anticipated in our STEP Change program. 

Our STEP Change restructuring methodology is intended to achieve $400 million in sustainable annual cost-savings, as measured against
fiscal year 2008. The cost savings contemplated under this methodology have fixed and variable components. The variable portion of the cost savings under the STEP Change methodology is based on fiscal year 2008 sales volumes. A reduction in actual
sales volumes compared with those in fiscal year 2008 could adversely affect our ability to achieve our targeted cost savings of $400 million, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The initiatives comprised by our STEP Change program include facility and headcount reductions and other expense controls. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to implement these cost reduction initiatives successfully. We anticipate incurring further expenses throughout the upcoming years, some of which may be material in the period in which they are incurred. 

Even if we are successful in these initiatives, we may face other risks associated with our plans, including, among other things,
declines in employee morale and increased labor relations issues or other interruptions in our operations. Any of these risks could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, as a result of pricing pressures on our products,
we may not be able to translate all of the cost savings from these initiatives into increased earnings. 

Failure to maintain
relationships with our largest customers and failure by our customers to continue to purchase expected quantities of our products due to changes in market conditions would have an adverse effect on our operations. 

We anticipate that our automotive customers, including Audi/Volkswagen, BMW, Daimler and Toyota/Lexus, will continue to account for a
significant portion of our sales for the foreseeable future. However, none of Audi/Volkswagen, BMW, Daimler, Toyota/Lexus or our other automotive customers are obligated to any long-term purchases of our products. The loss of sales to
Audi/Volkswagen, BMW, Daimler, Toyota/Lexus or to any of our other significant automotive customers would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated sales, earnings and financial condition.

Strategic decisions by our customers to move to dual sourcing arrangements could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Until recently, we held a majority of Daimler’s infotainment and audio system business. However, Daimler made strategic decisions in
2006 and 2007 to move to dual sourcing and as a result, our share of Mercedes business has declined in fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008. Automakers customarily maintain such dual sourcing arrangements and we cannot assure you that our customers
will not further expand dual sourcing arrangements in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated sales, earnings and financial condition. 

Failure to deliver products on time to our automotive customers could adversely affect our financial results. 

We have products in various stages of development for our automotive customers. If we do not complete our development efforts in time
to meet our customers’ vehicle production requirements, we could be subject to monetary penalties and damage our customer relationships, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated sales, earnings and financial condition.

12 

Table of Contents

Bankruptcy of a significant customer could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial
condition and results of operations. 

A significant portion of our revenues are derived from sales to customers in the
automotive industry, where companies have recently experienced financial difficulties. As part of the bankruptcy process, our pre-petition receivables may not be realized, customer manufacturing sites may be closed or contracts voided. The
bankruptcy of a major customer could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

The financial distress of our suppliers could harm our results of operations. 

Recent automotive industry conditions have adversely affected our supplier base. Lower production levels for some of our key
customers and increases in certain raw material, commodity and energy costs have resulted in severe financial distress among many companies within the automotive supply base. Several large suppliers have filed for bankruptcy protection or
ceased operations. The continuation of financial distress within the supplier base may lead to increased commercial disputes and possible supply chain interruptions. The continuation or worsening of these industry conditions may have a
negative effect on our business. 

We depend on our suppliers for key production materials and any disruption in the supply of such
materials could interrupt product manufacturing and increase product costs. 

Due to the recent economic downturn, many
of our suppliers have significantly decreased their manufacturing capacity and inventory levels. These steps taken by our suppliers make us more vulnerable to disruptions in the supply chain. In the near term, an increase in our demand for parts may
place an undue strain on our suppliers. As a result, we may not be able to obtain the materials necessary to manufacture our products, which could force us to cease production or search for alternative supply sources, possibly at a higher cost. Such
disruptions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We may lose
market share if we are unable to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. 

The audio and video
product markets that we serve are fragmented, highly competitive, rapidly changing and characterized by intense price competition. Many manufacturers, large and small, domestic and foreign, offer audio and video systems that vary widely in price and
quality and are marketed through a variety of channels, including audio and video specialty stores, discount stores, department stores, mail order firms and the Internet. Some of our competitors have financial and other resources greater than ours.
We cannot assure you that we will continue to compete effectively against existing or new competitors that may enter our markets. We also compete indirectly with automobile manufacturers that may improve the quality of original equipment audio and
electronic systems, reducing demand for our aftermarket mobile audio products, or change the designs of their cars to make installation of our aftermarket products more difficult or expensive. 

If we do not continue to develop, introduce and achieve market acceptance of new and enhanced products, our sales may decrease. 

Our business is based on the demand for premium audio and video products. In order to increase sales in current markets and gain entry
into new markets, we must innovate to maintain and improve existing products, while successfully developing and introducing distinctive new and enhanced products that anticipate changing consumer preferences and capitalize upon emerging
technologies. We may experience difficulties that delay or prevent the development, introduction or market acceptance of new or enhanced products. Furthermore, we may be unable to detect and correct defects in some of our products before we
ship them. Delays or defects in new product introduction may result in loss of sales or delays in market acceptance. Even after introduction, our new or enhanced products may not satisfy consumer preferences and product failures may cause consumers
to reject 

13 

Table of Contents

our products. As a result, these products may not achieve market acceptance and our brand image could suffer. In addition, our competitors may introduce superior designs or business strategies,
impairing our distinctive image and our products’ desirability which may cause consumers to defer or forego purchases of our products. 

Product recalls by OEMs and the consequent negative impact on car sales may decrease demand for our products which could adversely affect our
results of operations. 

Certain OEMs, such as our customer Toyota, have recently announced safety recalls on certain
vehicles. Recalls may result in decreased production levels due to (i) an OEM focusing its efforts on addressing the problems underlying the recall, as opposed to generating new car sales volume, and (ii) consumers electing not to purchase
automobiles manufactured by the OEM initiating the recall. If OEMs continue to experience a reduction in sales, especially OEMs that are our automotive customers, this may have an adverse effect on our business due to decreased demand, the potential
inability of these companies to make full payment on amounts owed to us, or both. 

Covenants in our existing debt agreements restrict
our operations. 

Our amended revolving credit facility and the indenture for our Convertible Senior Notes, as amended,
contain provisions that limit our operating and financing activities. Together, they limit our ability to, among other things: 

•

 incur revolving extensions of credit under the revolving credit facility and letters of credit greater than $231.6 million;

•

 incur additional indebtedness; 

•

 use a substantial portion of proceeds from sales of debt, equity or assets to fund working capital, capital expenditures, product development and other
corporate requirements; 

•

 create or assume liens; 

•

 enter into sale-leaseback transactions; 

•

 engage in mergers or consolidations; 

•

 make capital expenditures or investments; 

•

 sell assets; and 

•

 modify or prepay certain material debt. 

Because of the restrictions in these debt agreements, we may have difficulty securing additional financing in the form of additional
indebtedness. In addition, our revolving credit facility contains other and more restrictive covenants, including financial covenants that will require us to achieve specified financial and operating results and maintain compliance with
specified financial ratios. We may have to curtail some of our operations to maintain compliance with these covenants. A violation of any of these covenants could result in a default under these debt agreements, which could permit the
lenders to accelerate the repayment of any borrowings outstanding at that time, and the lenders under the revolving credit facility could act on the collateral package granted in connection with the amended revolving credit facility. A default
or acceleration under our debt agreements would result in increased capital costs and could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations and financial condition. 

Currency fluctuations may reduce profits on our foreign sales or increase our costs, either of which could adversely affect our financial results.

A significant amount of our assets and operations are located, and the majority of our revenue is derived from sales
outside the United States. Consequently, we are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange 

14 

Table of Contents

rates, especially the Euro. Translation losses resulting from currency fluctuations may adversely affect the profits from our foreign operations and have a negative impact on our financial
results. In addition, we purchase certain foreign-made products. Although we hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure and, due to the multiple currencies involved in our business, foreign currency positions partially offset and are netted
against one another to reduce exposure, we cannot assure you that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will not make these products more expensive to purchase. Increases in our cost of purchasing these products could negatively impact our
financial results if we are not able to pass those increased costs on to our customers. 

Our operations could be harmed by factors
including political instability, natural disasters and changes in regulations that govern international transactions. 

The risks inherent in international trade may reduce our international sales and harm our business and the businesses of our distributors
and suppliers. These risks include: 

•

 changes in tariff regulations; 

•

 political instability, war, terrorism and other political risks; 

•

 establishing and maintaining relationships with local distributors and dealers; 

•

 lengthy shipping times and accounts receivable payment cycles; 

•

 import and export licensing requirements; 

•

 compliance with foreign laws and regulations, including unexpected changes in taxation and regulatory requirements; 

•

 greater difficulty in safeguarding intellectual property rights than in the United States; and 

•

 difficulty in staffing and managing geographically diverse operations. 

These and other risks may, among other things, increase the relative price of our products compared to those manufactured in other
countries, reducing the demand for our products. 

Our business could be adversely affected by a strike or work stoppage at one of our
manufacturing plants or at a facility of one of our significant customers or at a common carrier or major shipping location. 

Certain of our automotive customers are unionized and may incur work stoppages or strikes. A work stoppage at our facilities or those of
our automotive customers, or at a common carrier or major shipping location, could have a material adverse effect on our sales, earnings and financial condition. The risk of issues of this type at our facilities may be exacerbated by the
implementation of our current or future cost reduction initiatives, which may involve significant staff reductions and facility relocations. 

Obligations to correct product defects covered by our warranties could adversely affect our financial results. 

We warrant our products to be free from defects in materials and workmanship for periods ranging from six months to six years. Costs
to correct product defects may exceed our estimates and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

If we are
unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of our intellectual property rights, our business may decline. 

Our
future success will depend, in substantial part, on our intellectual property. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights, but our actions may not adequately protect the rights covered by our patents, patent applications, trademarks and
other proprietary rights, and prosecution of our claims could be time consuming and costly. In addition, the intellectual property laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights,

15 

Table of Contents

as do the laws of the United States. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary information, third parties may obtain, disclose or use our proprietary information without our authorization,
which could adversely affect our business. From time to time, third parties have alleged that we infringe their proprietary rights. These claims or similar future claims could subject us to significant liability for damages, result in the
invalidation of our proprietary rights, limit our ability to use infringing intellectual property or force us to license third-party technology rather than dispute the merits of any infringement claim. Even if we prevail, any associated litigation
could be time consuming and expensive and could result in the diversion of our time and resources. 

We are engaged in ongoing litigation
and may be the subject of additional litigation that may result in payments to third parties, which could harm our business and financial results. 

We are currently involved in litigation arising out of or relating to the events leading up to the termination of the proposed acquisition
of our Company in October 2007 and certain earnings guidance provided by us. In addition, similar litigation has been and may be initiated against us and others based on the alleged activities and disclosures at issue in the pending
litigation. We cannot predict the outcome of any such proceeding or the likelihood that further proceedings will be instituted against us. In the event that there is an adverse ruling in any legal proceeding, we may be required to make
payments to third parties that could harm our business or financial results. Furthermore, regardless of the merits of any claim, the continued maintenance of these legal proceedings may result in substantial legal expense and could also result
in the diversion of our management’s time and attention away from our business. 

We have deferred tax assets in our consolidated
financial statements. 

Our consolidated financial statements include net deferred tax assets of $264.8 million as of
June 30, 2010, which relate to temporary differences (differences between the assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the assets and liabilities in the calculation of taxable income). The valuation of
deferred tax assets is based on various projections for future taxable income. Thus, when actual taxable income differs from projections, it may become necessary to adjust the valuation of our deferred tax assets, which could impact our results
of operations and financial condition. 

Harman International Industries, Incorporated is a holding company with no operations of its own
and therefore our cash flow and ability to service debt is dependent upon distributions from our subsidiaries. 

Our
ability to service our debt and pay dividends is dependent upon the operating earnings of our subsidiaries. The distribution of those earnings, or advances or other distributions of funds by those subsidiaries to Harman International Industries,
Incorporated, all of which could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions, are contingent upon the subsidiaries’ earnings and are subject to various business considerations. 

Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees and the succession of senior management. 

Our success largely depends on the performance of our management team and other key employees. If we are unable to attract and retain
talented, highly qualified senior management and other key people, our future operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of senior management, including our chief executive
officer, our business may be materially adversely affected. While we follow a disciplined, ongoing succession planning process and have succession plans in place for senior management and other key executives, these do not guarantee that the
services of qualified senior executives will continue to be available to us at particular moments in time. 

Any acquisitions we make
could disrupt our business and materially harm our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We may,
from time to time, consider acquisitions of complementary companies, products or technologies. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the assimilation of the acquired businesses, the

16 

Table of Contents

diversion of our management’s attention from other business concerns, the assumption of unknown liabilities, undisclosed risks impacting the target and potential adverse effects on existing
business relationships with our current customers and suppliers. In addition, any acquisitions could involve the incurrence of substantial additional indebtedness or dilution to our stockholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
successfully integrate any acquisitions that we undertake or that such acquisitions will perform as planned or prove to be beneficial to our operations and cash flow. Any such failure could seriously harm our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.