You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this report.

Our operating results are subject to fluctuations, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price may decrease significantly.

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly and may not meet our expectations or those of securities analysts or investors. The price of our stock will likely decline if this occurs. Factors that may cause
fluctuations in our operating results include, but are not limited to, the following:

∙
     automobile industry sales and production rates and the willingness of automobile
purchasers to pay for the
            option of a premium audio system and/or a multi-function infotainment system;

∙
     changes in consumer confidence and spending;

∙
     fluctuations in currency exchange rates and other risks inherent in international
trade and business
             transactions;

∙
     the ability to satisfy contract performance criteria, including technical
specifications and due dates;

∙
     the loss of one or more significant customers, including our automotive
manufacturer customers;

∙
     competition in the automotive, consumer or professional markets in which we
operate;

∙
     model-year changeovers in the automotive industry;

∙
     changes in general economic conditions and specific market conditions;

∙
     our ability to enforce or defend our ownership and use of intellectual
property;

∙
     our ability to effectively integrate acquisitions;

∙
     strikes, work stoppages and labor negotiations at our facilities, or at a facility
of one of our significant
             customers; or work stoppages at a common carrier or a major shipping location;

∙
     the outcome of pending or future litigation and administrative claims, including
patent and environmental
             matters; and

∙
     world political stability.

Currency fluctuations may reduce profits on our foreign sales or increase our costs, either of which could adversely affect our financial results.

A significant amount of our assets and operations are located outside the United States. Consequently, we are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, especially the Euro. Translation losses

resulting from currency fluctuations may adversely affect the profits from our foreign operations and have a negative impact on our financial results. In addition, we purchase certain foreign-made products. Although we
hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure and, due to the multiple currencies involved in our business, foreign currency positions partially offset and are netted against one another to reduce exposure, we cannot assure you that fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates will not make these products more expensive to purchase. Increases in our cost of purchasing these products could negatively impact our financial results if we are not able to pass those increased costs on to our customers.

Failure to maintain relationships with our largest customers and failure by our customers to continue to purchase expected quantities of our products due to changes in market conditions would have an adverse effect
on our operations.

We anticipate that DaimlerChrysler and BMW will continue to account for a significant portion of our sales for the foreseeable future. However, DaimlerChrysler and BMW are not obligated to any long-term purchases of our
products. The loss of sales to DaimlerChrysler or BMW would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated sales, earnings and financial position.

Our products may not satisfy shifting consumer demand or compete successfully with competitors’ products.

Our business is based on the demand for audio and video products and our ability to introduce distinctive new products that anticipate changing consumer demands and capitalize upon emerging technologies. If we fail to
introduce new products, misinterpret consumer preferences or fail to respond to changes in the marketplace, consumer demand for our products could decrease and our brand image could suffer. In addition, our competitors may introduce superior designs or business
strategies, impairing our distinctive image and our products’ desirability. If any of these events occur, our sales could decline.

A decrease in discretionary spending would likely reduce our sales.

Our sales are dependent on discretionary spending by consumers, which may be adversely impacted by economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income and retail sales. In addition, our sales of audio, electronic and
infotainment products to automotive customers are dependent on the overall success of the automobile industry, as well as the willingness of automobile purchasers to pay for the option of a premium branded automotive audio system or a multi-function digital
infotainment system.

Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain raw materials and components from our suppliers on favorable terms.

We are dependent upon third party suppliers, both in the United States and other countries, for various components, parts, raw materials and finished products. Some of our suppliers may produce products that compete with
our products. We use externally sourced microchips in many of our products. A significant disruption in our supply chain and an inability to obtain alternative sources could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations.

Our business could be adversely affected by a strike or work stoppage at one of our manufacturing plants or at a facility of one of our significant customers or at a common carrier or major shipping
location.

One of our manufacturing facilities in the United States operates under a collective bargaining agreement, which was renewed in fiscal 2004. The current contract is scheduled to expire in March 2009. Certain of our
automotive customers are unionized and may incur work stoppages or strikes. A work stoppage at our facilities or those of our automotive customers could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated

sales, earnings and financial condition. In addition, a work stoppage at a common carrier or a major shipping location could also have a material adverse effect on our consolidated sales, earnings and financial
condition.

We may lose market share if we are unable to compete successfully against our current and future competitors.

The audio and video product markets that we serve are fragmented, highly competitive, rapidly changing and characterized by intense price competition.

Many manufacturers, large and small, domestic and foreign, offer audio and video systems that vary widely in price and quality and are marketed through a variety of channels, including audio and video specialty stores,
discount stores, department stores, mail order firms, and the Internet. Some of our competitors have financial and other resources greater than ours. We cannot assure you that we will continue to compete effectively against existing or new competitors that may enter
our markets. We also compete indirectly with automobile manufacturers that may improve the quality of original equipment audio and electronic systems, reducing demand for our aftermarket mobile audio products, or change the designs of their cars to make installation
of our aftermarket products more difficult or expensive.

If we do not continue to develop, introduce and achieve market acceptance of new and enhanced products, our sales may decrease.

In order to increase sales in current markets and gain entry into new markets, we must maintain and improve existing products, while successfully developing and introducing new products. Our new and enhanced products must
respond to technological developments and changing consumer preferences. We may experience difficulties that delay or prevent the development, introduction or market acceptance of new or enhanced products. Furthermore, despite extensive testing, we may be unable to
detect and correct defects in some of our products before we ship them. Delays or defects in new product introduction may result in loss of sales or delays in market acceptance. Even after introduction, our new or enhanced products may not satisfy consumer
preferences and product failures may cause consumers to reject our products. As a result, these products may not achieve market acceptance. In addition, our competitors’ new products and product enhancements may cause consumers to defer or forego purchases of
our products.

Our operations could be harmed by factors including political instability, natural disasters, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in regulations that govern international
transactions.

The risks inherent in international trade may reduce our international sales and harm our business and the businesses of our distributors and suppliers. These risks include:

∙
     changes in tariff regulations;

∙
     political instability, war, terrorism and other political risks;

∙
     foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;

∙
     establishing and maintaining relationships with local distributors and
dealers;

∙
     lengthy shipping times and accounts receivable payment cycles;

∙
     import and export licensing requirements;

∙
     compliance with foreign laws and regulations, including unexpected changes in
taxation and regulatory
              requirements;

∙
     greater difficulty in safeguarding intellectual property than in the United
States; and

∙
     difficulty in staffing and managing geographically diverse operations.

These and other risks may increase the relative price of our products compared to those manufactured in other countries, reducing the demand for our products.

If we are unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of our intellectual property, our business may decline.

Our future success will depend, in substantial part, on our intellectual property. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights, but our actions may not adequately protect the rights covered by our patents, patent
applications, trademarks and other proprietary rights and prosecution of our claims could be time consuming and costly. In addition, the intellectual property laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights, as do the laws of the United States.
Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary information, third parties may obtain, disclose or use our proprietary information without our authorization, which could adversely affect our business. From time to time, third parties have alleged that we infringe
their proprietary rights. These claims or similar future claims could subject us to significant liability for damages, result in the invalidation of our proprietary rights, limit our ability to use infringing intellectual property or force us to license third-party
technology rather than dispute the merits of any infringement claim. Even if we prevail, any associated litigation could be time consuming and expensive and could result in the diversion of our time and resources.

Covenants in our debt agreements could restrict our operations.

Our revolving credit facility contains certain provisions that could restrict our operating and financing activities. They restrict our ability to, among other things:

∙
     create or assume liens;

∙
     enter into sale-leaseback transactions; and

∙
     engage in mergers or consolidations.

Because of the restrictions on our ability to create or assume liens, we may have difficulty securing additional financing in the form of additional indebtedness. In addition, our revolving credit facility contains other
and more restrictive covenants, including financial covenants that will require us to achieve specified financial and operating results and maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. We may have to curtail some of our operations to maintain compliance with
these covenants.

If we fail to comply with the covenants contained in our debt agreements, the related debt incurred under those agreements could be declared immediately due and payable, which could also trigger a default under
other agreements.

Our ability to meet the covenants or requirements in our credit facilities may be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we will satisfy these covenants and requirements. A breach of these
covenants or our inability to comply with the financial ratios, tests or other restrictions could result in an event of default under our revolving credit facility. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under our revolving credit facility, the lenders could
elect to declare all amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. If the payment of our indebtedness is accelerated, we cannot assure you that we will be able to make those payments or
borrow sufficient funds from alternative sources to make those payments. Even if we were to obtain additional financing, that financing may be on unfavorable terms.

Harman International is a holding company with no operations of its own and therefore our cash flow and ability to service debt is dependent upon distributions from our subsidiaries.

Our ability to service our debt and pay dividends is dependent upon the operating earnings of our subsidiaries. The distribution of those earnings, or advances or other distributions of funds by those subsidiaries to
Harman International, all of which could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions, are contingent upon the subsidiaries’ earnings and are subject to various business considerations.

Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the results and
events contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report will in fact transpire.