In addition to the other information included in this report, you should
carefully consider the risk factors described below. 
Decreased demand and pricing pressure from our customers in the automotive industry or
bankruptcy of a significant automotive customer could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014, approximately 69 percent of our sales were to automobile manufacturers. As a result, our
financial performance depends, in large part, on conditions in the automotive industry, which is highly dependent on general economic conditions and periodically has experienced significant difficulty. As a result, we have experienced, and may
continue to experience, reductions in orders from our original equipment manufacturer customers. If one or more of our significant automotive customers experiences, or continues to experience, increased financial difficulty, including
bankruptcy, as a result of a prolonged economic downturn or otherwise, this would have a further adverse effect on our business due to further decreased demand, the potential inability of these companies to make full payment on amounts owed to us,
or both. As part of the bankruptcy process, our pre-petition receivables may not be realized, customer manufacturing sites may be closed or contracts voided. The bankruptcy of a major customer could have a material adverse effect on our
liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. 
In addition, our customer supply agreements generally provide for reductions in
pricing of our products over the period of production. Pricing pressures may intensify as a result of cost cutting initiatives of our customers. If we are unable to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset future price
reductions, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 
A decrease in consumer discretionary spending would likely reduce our sales.

Our sales are dependent on discretionary spending by consumers, which could be materially adversely impacted by economic
conditions affecting disposable consumer income and retail sales. In addition, our sales of audio, electronic and infotainment products to automotive customers are dependent on the overall success of the automotive industry, and of premium
automobiles in particular, as well as the willingness of automobile purchasers to pay for the option of a premium branded automotive audio system or a multi-function digital infotainment system. Global demand for, and production of, premium
vehicles, including certain vehicle models that incorporate our products, could decline in a difficult economic environment. This decline could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

We have significant operations in Europe which may be adversely impacted by the continued economic challenges in Europe. 

The global economic recession that began in 2008 resulted in significantly lower demand and decreased profitability across all of our segments
and major markets. While North America and Asia have shown an improved, but somewhat uneven recovery, Europe remains stagnant with continued economic and financial challenges. Recent events in Europe have elevated concerns that macroeconomic
conditions will worsen and economic recovery will be delayed. If weak economic conditions persist or worsen, there could be a number of negative effects on our business, including our customers or potential customers reducing or delaying orders, the
insolvency of one or more of our key suppliers, which could result in production delays, and our customers being unable to obtain credit. Approximately 31 percent of our sales in fiscal year 2014 were made to end consumers in Europe. Should
conditions worsen in these markets, customer demand for our products may deteriorate which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

14 

Table of Contents

A significant portion of our sales are denominated in Euros, which sales may be adversely impacted by the
eurozone crisis. 

Approximately 43 percent of our sales in fiscal year 2014 were denominated in Euros. Certain eurozone countries
in which we operate have received financial aid packages from the European Union in the form of loans and restructuring of their sovereign debt and have introduced comprehensive fiscal austerity measures. If dissolution and replacement of the Euro
currency and the potential reintroduction of individual European Union currencies should occur as a result of the continued eurozone crisis, it could have a negative impact on our results of operations and could expose us to increased foreign
exchange risk. 
The macro economic environment may adversely affect consumer spending patterns and the availability and cost of credit. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness will depend on our operating and financial
performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions. Disruptions in the financial markets, including the bankruptcy and restructuring of major financial institutions, may adversely impact the availability and cost of credit
in the future. The historical disruptions in the financial markets that occurred within the past five years continue to have an adverse effect on the global economy, which has negatively impacted consumer spending patterns. This may result
in reductions in sales of our products, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition. There can be no assurances that government responses to the disruptions in the financial markets will restore
consumer confidence, stabilize the markets or increase liquidity and the availability of credit. 
We may not realize sales represented by awarded
business. 

Our current estimate of $20.5 billion of awarded business at June 30, 2014 in our Infotainment and Lifestyle
segments is calculated using certain assumptions from our customers, including projected future sales volumes with respect to the applicable platforms. Orders from our customers with respect to these platforms are not made pursuant to contractual
obligations and our customers can terminate arrangements with us at any time without penalty. Therefore, our actual platform sales volumes, and thus the ultimate amount of revenue that we derive from such platforms, are not committed. If actual
production orders from our customers are not consistent with the projections we use in calculating the amount of our awarded business, we could realize substantially less revenue over the life of these projects than the currently projected estimate.

The demand for our infotainment products may be eroded by replacement technologies becoming available on mobile handsets and tablets. 

Sales of our infotainment products represented more than half of our net sales in fiscal year 2014. GPS/navigation technologies are
increasingly being incorporated into devices such as mobile handsets and tablets. Mobile handsets are frequently GPS-enabled and many companies are now offering navigation software for such devices. In future years, if automakers choose to replace
embedded infotainment systems with mobile handset devices, the acceptance of this technology by consumers may negatively impact the demand for our infotainment products. If we do not continue to innovate to develop new and compelling products that
capitalize upon new technologies, this could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
Failure to maintain relationships with
our largest customers and failure by our customers to continue to purchase expected quantities of our products due to changes in market conditions would have an adverse effect on our operations. 

We anticipate that our automotive customers, including BMW, Chrysler Fiat Automobiles, Audi/Volkswagen and Toyota/Lexus will continue to
account for a significant portion of our sales for the foreseeable future. However, none of BMW, Chrysler Fiat Automobiles, Audi/Volkswagen and Toyota/Lexus or any of our 

15 

Table of Contents

other automotive customers is obligated to any long-term purchases of our products. The loss of sales to BMW, Chrysler Fiat Automobiles, Audi/Volkswagen and Toyota/Lexus, or to any of our other
significant automotive customers would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated net sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

The loss of business with respect to, or the lack of commercial success of, a vehicle model for which we are a significant supplier could adversely
affect our financial performance. 

Although we receive award letters or contracts from our automotive customers, these award
letters or contracts generally provide for the supply of a customer’s requirements for a particular vehicle model, rather than for the purchase of a specific quantity of products. The loss of business with respect to, or the lack of commercial
success of, a vehicle model for which we are a significant supplier could reduce our sales and thereby adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

Strategic decisions by our customers to expand dual sourcing arrangements could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Automakers customarily maintain dual sourcing arrangements and we cannot assure you that our customers will not further expand dual sourcing
arrangements in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated net sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

Failure to deliver products on time to our automotive customers could adversely affect our financial results. 

We have products in various stages of development for our automotive customers. If we do not complete our development efforts in time to
meet our customers’ vehicle production requirements, we could be subject to monetary penalties and damage our customer relationships, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated sales, results of operations and financial
condition. 
We have invested substantial resources in markets where we expect growth and we may be unable to timely alter our strategies should such
expectations not be realized. 

Our future growth is dependent on our making the right investments at the right time to support
product development and manufacturing capacity in areas where we can support our customer base. We have identified certain regions, including China, Brazil, Russia and India, as key markets likely to experience substantial growth, and accordingly
have made and expect to continue to make substantial investments, both directly and through participation in partnerships and joint ventures, in manufacturing operations, technical centers and other infrastructure to support anticipated growth in
these regions. If we are unable to deepen existing and develop additional customer relationships in these regions, we may not only fail to realize expected rates of return on our existing investments, but we may incur losses on such investments and
be unable to timely redeploy the invested capital to take advantage of other markets, potentially resulting in lost market share to our competitors. Our results of operations and financial condition will also suffer if these regions do not grow as
quickly as we anticipate. 
Natural disasters, geo-political events and the failure of our information technology and communication systems could
adversely affect our financial performance. 

The availability of our products and services depends on the continuing operation of
our information technology and communications systems. The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, floods, earthquakes, and tsunamis, geo-political events, such as civil unrest or terrorist attacks, or
power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks, or other attempts to harm our systems, in a country in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located, could adversely affect our operations and
financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to, or the 

16 

Table of Contents

complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers to reach or have transportation to our channel partners directly
affected by such events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which our channel partners are located, changes in the purchasing patterns of consumers and in consumers’ disposable income, the temporary or long-term disruption in the
supply of materials and products from some local and overseas suppliers, the disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, the disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to our facilities within a country in which we are operating, the
reduction in the availability of our products in stores, the disruption of utility services to our facilities, the disruption of our information technology, including databases containing sensitive information, and disruption in our communications
with our facilities and our customers and suppliers. If we failed to implement and maintain a comprehensive disaster recovery program and any of the foregoing events occurs, such events and their impacts could otherwise disrupt and have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated net sales, results of operations and financial condition. 
We depend on our suppliers for key production
materials and any disruption in the supply of such materials could interrupt product manufacturing and increase product costs. 

Many of our suppliers have in the past, and could in the future decrease their manufacturing capacity and inventory levels. If these steps are
taken by our suppliers, it could make us more vulnerable to disruptions in the supply chain. In the near term, an increase in our demand for parts may place an undue strain on our suppliers. Additionally, the supply of raw materials including,
without limitation, petroleum, copper, steel, aluminum, synthetic resins, rare metals and rare earth minerals, such as neodymium used in the production of loudspeakers, has been and could continue to be significantly constrained, which is likely to
result in continued elevated price levels. Furthermore, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act included disclosure requirements regarding the use of “conflict” minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and
adjoining countries (“DRC”) and procedures regarding a manufacturer’s efforts to prevent the sourcing of such “conflict” minerals. These rules could limit the number of suppliers who can provide us DRC “conflict
free” components and parts, and we may not be able to obtain DRC conflict free products or supplies in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices for our operations. We may also face challenges with our customers and suppliers if we are
unable to sufficiently verify that the metals used in our products are conflict free. As a result, we may not be able to obtain the materials necessary to manufacture our products, which could force us to cease production or search for alternative
supply sources, possibly at a higher cost. Such disruptions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We may lose market share if we are unable to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. 

The audio and video product markets that we serve are fragmented, highly competitive, rapidly changing and characterized by intense price
competition. Many manufacturers, large and small, domestic and foreign, offer audio and video systems that vary widely in price and quality and are marketed through a variety of channels, including audio and video specialty stores, discount stores,
department stores, mail order firms and the Internet. Some of our competitors have financial and other resources greater than ours. We cannot assure you that we will continue to compete effectively against existing or new competitors that may enter
our markets. We also compete indirectly with automobile manufacturers that may improve the quality of original equipment audio and electronic systems, reducing demand for our aftermarket mobile audio products, or change the designs of their cars to
make installation of our aftermarket products more difficult or expensive. 
If we do not continue to develop, introduce and achieve market
acceptance of new and enhanced products, our sales may decrease. 

Our business is based on the demand for premium audio and video
products. In order to increase sales in current markets and gain entry into new markets, we must innovate to maintain and improve existing products, while successfully developing and introducing distinctive new and enhanced products that anticipate
changing 

17 

Table of Contents

consumer preferences and capitalize upon emerging technologies. We may experience difficulties that delay or prevent the development, introduction or market acceptance of new or enhanced
products. Furthermore, we may be unable to detect and correct defects in some of our products before we ship them. Delays or defects in new product introduction may result in loss of sales or delays in market acceptance. Even after introduction, our
new or enhanced products may not satisfy consumer preferences and product failures may cause consumers to reject our products. As a result, these products may not achieve market acceptance and our brand image could suffer. In addition, our
competitors may introduce superior designs or business strategies, impairing our distinctive image and our products’ desirability, which may cause consumers to defer or forego purchases of our products. 

Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and our implementation of a sufficient brand protection program. 

Our success is dependent in large part upon our ability to maintain and enhance the value of our brands, and our customers’ connection to
our brands. Brand value can be severely damaged even by isolated incidents, particularly if the incidents receive considerable negative publicity or result in litigation. Some of these incidents may relate to our growth strategies, our development
efforts in domestic and foreign markets, or the ordinary course of our business. Other incidents may arise from events that are or may be beyond our ability to control and may damage our brands, such as counterfeit and knock-off products, litigation
and claims, and illegal activity targeted at us or others. Consumer demand for our products and our brands’ value could diminish significantly if any such incidents or other matters erode consumer confidence in us or our products, and if we do
not implement a brand protection program that sufficiently addresses the issue of counterfeit and knock-off products, among other things, either of which would likely result in lower net sales and, ultimately, lower income, which in turn could
materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
Covenants in our existing debt agreements restrict our operations.

Our existing credit agreement contains provisions that limit our operating and financing activities. The credit agreement
also contains certain negative covenants that limit, among other things, our ability to pay dividends, permit certain of our subsidiaries to incur debt, incur liens, make fundamental changes, sell assets, undertake transactions with affiliates and
undertake sale and leaseback transactions. The facilities are subject to acceleration upon certain specified events of default, including failure to make timely payments, breaches of representations or covenants, or a change of control, as such term
is defined in the credit agreement. Because of the restrictions in our credit agreement, we may have difficulty securing additional financing in the form of additional indebtedness. In addition, our credit agreement contains other and more
restrictive covenants, including financial covenants that require us to achieve specified financial and operating results and maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. We may have to curtail some of our operations to maintain
compliance with these covenants. A violation of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit agreement, which could permit the lenders to accelerate the repayment of any borrowings outstanding at that time, and the lenders
under the credit agreement could act on the guarantee granted in connection with the facilities. A default or acceleration under our credit agreement would result in increased capital costs and could adversely affect our ability to operate our
business and our results of operations and financial condition. 
Currency fluctuations may reduce profits on our foreign sales or increase our
costs, either of which could adversely affect our financial results. 

A significant amount of our assets and operations are
located, and the majority of our revenue is derived from sales outside the United States. Consequently, we are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, especially the Euro. Translation losses resulting from currency fluctuations
may adversely affect the profits from our foreign operations and have a negative impact on our financial results. In addition, we purchase certain foreign-made products. Although we hedge a portion of our foreign currency exposure and, due to the
multiple currencies involved in our business, foreign currency positions partially offset and are netted against one another to reduce exposure, we cannot assure you that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates will not make these

18 

Table of Contents

products more expensive to purchase. Increases in our cost of purchasing these products could negatively impact our financial results if we are not able to pass those increased costs on to our
customers. 
Our operations could be harmed by factors including political instability and changes in regulations that govern international
transactions. 

The risks inherent in international trade may reduce our international sales and harm our business and the
businesses of our distributors and suppliers. These risks include: 

•

changes in tariff regulations; 

•

political instability, war, terrorism and other political risks; 

•

establishing and maintaining relationships with local distributors and dealers; 

•

lengthy shipping times and accounts receivable payment cycles; 

•

import and export licensing requirements; 

•

compliance with foreign laws and regulations, including unexpected changes in taxation and regulatory requirements; 

•

greater difficulty in safeguarding intellectual property rights than in the United States; and 

•

difficulty in staffing and managing geographically diverse operations. 

These and other risks
may, among other things, increase the relative price of our products compared to those manufactured in other countries, reducing the demand for our products. 

We may be adversely affected by future laws or regulations. 

We are subject to various U.S. Federal, state and local, and non-U.S. laws and regulations. We cannot predict the substance or impact of
pending or future legislation or regulations, or the application thereof. The introduction of new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the interpretations thereof, could increase the cost of doing business for us or our
customers or suppliers or restrict our actions and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. An example of such changing regulation is the recent adoption by the SEC of annual disclosure and reporting requirements
for those SEC reporting companies who manufacture or contract to manufacture products that contain conflict minerals, and such minerals are necessary to the production or functionality of such product. Each reporting company is required to conduct a
reasonable country of origin inquiry to determine whether such minerals were mined from the DRC. These new requirements required due diligence efforts in fiscal year 2014, and the initial disclosure requirements were filed in June 2014. There are
historical and continued future costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for diligence to determine the sources of conflict minerals, if any, in our products. 

Our business could be adversely affected by a strike or work stoppage at one of our manufacturing plants or at a facility of one of our significant
customers or at a common carrier or major shipping location. 

Workers at certain of our facilities and those of our automotive
customers are unionized and may incur work stoppages or strikes. A work stoppage at our facilities or those of our automotive customers, or at a common carrier or major shipping location, could have a material adverse effect on our net sales,
results of operations and financial condition. The risk of issues of this type at our facilities may be exacerbated by the implementation of our current or future cost reduction initiatives, which may involve significant staff reductions and
facility relocations. 

19 

Table of Contents

Obligations to correct product defects covered by our warranties could adversely affect our financial
results. 

We warrant our products to be free from defects in materials and workmanship for periods ranging from six months to six
years. Costs to correct product defects may exceed our estimates and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
If we
are unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of our intellectual property rights, our business may decline. 

Our future
success will depend, in substantial part, on our intellectual property. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights, but our actions may not adequately protect the rights covered by our patents, patent applications, trademarks and other
proprietary rights, and prosecution of our claims could be time consuming and costly. In addition, the intellectual property laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights as do the laws of the United States. Despite our
efforts to protect our proprietary information, third parties may obtain, disclose or use our proprietary information without our authorization, which could adversely affect our business. From time to time, third parties have alleged that we
infringe their proprietary rights. These claims or similar future claims could subject us to significant liability for damages, result in the invalidation of our proprietary rights, limit our ability to use infringing intellectual property or force
us to license third-party technology rather than dispute the merits of any infringement claim. Even if we prevail, any associated litigation could be time consuming and expensive and could result in the diversion of our time and resources. 

We are engaged in ongoing litigation and may be the subject of additional litigation that may result in payments to third parties, which could harm our
business and financial results. 

We are currently involved in litigation arising out of or relating to the events leading up to the
termination of the proposed acquisition of our Company in October 2007 and certain earnings guidance provided by us. In addition, similar litigation has been and may be initiated against us and others based on the alleged activities and
disclosures at issue in the pending litigation. We cannot predict the outcome of any such proceeding or the likelihood that further proceedings will be instituted against us. In the event that there is an adverse ruling in any legal
proceeding, we may be required to make payments to third parties that could harm our business or cash flows or financial results. Furthermore, regardless of the merits of any claim, the continued maintenance of these legal proceedings may
result in substantial legal expense and could also result in the diversion of our management’s time and attention away from our business. 
We
have deferred tax assets in our consolidated financial statements. 

Our consolidated financial statements include net deferred tax
assets of $270.7 million as of June 30, 2014, which relate to temporary differences between the assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the assets and liabilities in the calculation of taxable
income. The valuation of deferred tax assets is based on various projections for future taxable income reversing taxable temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Thus, when actual taxable income differs from projections, it may
become necessary to adjust the valuation of our deferred tax assets, which would impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
Harman
International Industries, Incorporated is a holding company with virtually no operations of its own and therefore our cash flow and ability to service debt is dependent upon distributions from our subsidiaries. 

Our ability to service our debt and pay dividends is dependent upon the operating earnings of our subsidiaries. The distribution of those
earnings, or advances or other distributions of funds by those subsidiaries to Harman International Industries, Incorporated, all of which could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions, are contingent upon the subsidiaries’ earnings
and are subject to various business considerations. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our success depends upon our ability to attract and retain key employees and the succession of senior
management. 

Our success largely depends on the performance of our management team and other key employees. If we are unable to
attract and retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key people, our future operations could be adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of senior management, including our
chief executive officer, our business may be materially adversely affected. While we follow a disciplined, ongoing succession planning process and have succession plans in place for senior management and other key executives, these do not guarantee
that the services of qualified senior executives will continue to be available to us at particular moments in time. 
Any acquisitions we make could
disrupt our business and materially harm our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We may, from time to time,
consider acquisitions of complementary companies, products or technologies. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the integration of the acquired businesses, the diversion of our management’s attention from other
business concerns, the assumption of unknown liabilities, undisclosed risks impacting the target and potential adverse effects on existing business relationships with our current customers and suppliers. In addition, any acquisitions could involve
the incurrence of substantial additional indebtedness or dilution to our stockholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate any acquisitions that we undertake or that such acquisitions will perform as planned or prove
to be beneficial to our operations and cash flows. Any such failure could materially harm our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Increased IT security requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems,
networks, products, solutions, services and data. 

Increased global IT security requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and more
sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Despite our efforts to protect data or information, our facilities and systems and
those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors that could potentially lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or
information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could
adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations. 
Privacy concerns relating to our products and services could damage our
reputation and deter current and potential users from using our products and services. 

As we develop new products, we may gain
access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use,
disclosure, or security of personal information or other privacy related matters, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. 

Furthermore, regulatory authorities around the world are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data
protection. In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is
inconsistent with our data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Complying
with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs. 

21 

Table of Contents