In
addition to the other information included in this report, you should carefully
consider the risk factors described below.

Currency
fluctuations may reduce profits on our foreign sales or increase our costs,
either of which could adversely affect our financial results.

A
significant amount of our assets and operations are located outside the United
States. Consequently, we are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates, especially the Euro. Translation losses resulting from currency
fluctuations may adversely affect the profits from our foreign operations and
have a negative impact on our financial results. In addition, we purchase
certain foreign-made products. Although we hedge a portion of our foreign
currency exposure and, due to the multiple currencies involved in our business,
foreign currency positions partially offset and are netted against one another
to reduce exposure, we cannot assure you that fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates will not make these products more expensive to purchase.
Increases in our cost of purchasing these products could negatively impact our
financial results if we are not able to pass those increased costs on to our
customers.

Failure
to maintain relationships with our largest customers and failure by our
customers to continue to purchase expected quantities of our products due to
changes in market conditions would have an adverse effect on our
operations.

We
anticipate that our automotive customers, including Daimler and Audi/VW, will
continue to account for a significant portion of our sales for the foreseeable
future. However, neither Daimler, Audi/VW, nor our other automotive customers
are obligated to any long-term purchases of our products. The loss of sales to
Daimler, Audi/VW, or to any of our other significant automotive customers, would
have a material adverse effect on our consolidated sales, earnings and financial
position.  In recent years, we held a majority of Daimlers
infotainment and audio system business.  Automakers customarily
maintain dual sourcing arrangements, so our supply relationship with Daimler
exceeded expectations.  Daimler made strategic decisions in 2006 and
2007 to move to dual sourcing, and as a result, our share of Mercedes business
has declined in fiscal 2008 and will further decline in fiscal
2009.  Thereafter, the production volume reaches a stable level which
is still substantial.  However, it is lower than the peak levels of
2006 and 2007. This change in Daimler volume reduces our single customer
dependence.  Sales increases with other automotive customers have
offset the reduction in sales at Daimler.

 9

 Index

Our
products may not satisfy shifting consumer demand or compete successfully with
competitors products.

Our
business is based on the demand for audio and video products and our ability to
introduce distinctive new products that anticipate changing consumer demands and
capitalize upon emerging technologies.  If we fail to introduce new
products, misinterpret consumer preferences or fail to respond to changes in the
marketplace, consumer demand for our products could decrease and our brand image
could suffer.  In addition, our competitors may introduce superior
designs or business strategies, impairing our distinctive image and our products
desirability. If any of these events occur, our sales could
decline.

A
decrease in discretionary spending would likely reduce our sales.

Our sales
are dependent on discretionary spending by consumers, which may be adversely
impacted by economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income and retail
sales. In addition, our sales of audio, electronic and infotainment products to
automotive customers are dependent on the overall success of the automobile
industry, as well as the willingness of automobile purchasers to pay for the
option of a premium branded automotive audio system or a multi-function digital
infotainment system.

Our
business could be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain raw materials
and components from our suppliers on favorable terms.

We are
dependent upon third party suppliers, both in the United States and other
countries, for various components, parts, raw materials and finished products.
Some of our suppliers may produce products that compete with our products. We
use externally sourced microchips in many of our products. A significant
disruption in our supply chain and an inability to obtain alternative sources
could have a material impact on our consolidated results of
operations.

Failure
to deliver products on time to our automotive customers could adversely affect
our financial results.

We have
products in various stages of development for our automotive
customers.  If we do not complete our development efforts in time to
meet our customers vehicle production requirements, we could be subject to
monetary penalties and damage our customer relationships, which could have a
material adverse effect on our consolidated sales, earnings and financial
condition.

Our
business could be adversely affected by a strike or work stoppage at one of our
manufacturing plants or at a facility of one of our significant customers or at
a common carrier or major shipping location.

Certain
of our automotive customers are unionized and may incur work stoppages or
strikes. A work stoppage at our facilities or those of our automotive customers
could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated sales, earnings and
financial condition. In addition, a work stoppage at a common carrier or a major
shipping location could also have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
sales, earnings and financial condition.

 10

 Index

Obligations
to correct product defects covered by our warranties could adversely affect our
financial results.

We
warrant our products to be free from defects in materials and workmanship for
periods ranging from six months to six years.  Costs to correct
product defects may exceed our estimates and adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition.

Bankruptcy
of a significant customer could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity,
financial position and results of operations.

A
significant portion of our revenues are derived from sales to customers in the
automotive industry, where companies have experienced financial
difficulties.  As part of the bankruptcy process, our pre-petition
receivables may not be realized, customer manufacturing sites may be closed or
contracts voided.  The bankruptcy of a major customer could have a
material adverse effect on the Companys liquidity, financial position, and
results of operations.

We
may lose market share if we are unable to compete successfully against our
current and future competitors.

The audio
and video product markets that we serve are fragmented, highly competitive,
rapidly changing and characterized by intense price competition.

Many
manufacturers, large and small, domestic and foreign, offer audio and video
systems that vary widely in price and quality and are marketed through a variety
of channels, including audio and video specialty stores, discount stores,
department stores, mail order firms, and the Internet. Some of our competitors
have financial and other resources greater than ours. We cannot assure you that
we will continue to compete effectively against existing or new competitors that
may enter our markets. We also compete indirectly with automobile manufacturers
that may improve the quality of original equipment audio and electronic systems,
reducing demand for our aftermarket mobile audio products, or change the designs
of their cars to make installation of our aftermarket products more difficult or
expensive.

If
we do not continue to develop, introduce and achieve market acceptance of new
and enhanced products, our sales may decrease.

In order
to increase sales in current markets and gain entry into new markets, we must
maintain and improve existing products, while successfully developing and
introducing new products. Our new and enhanced products must respond to
technological developments and changing consumer preferences.  We may
experience difficulties that delay or prevent the development, introduction or
market acceptance of new or enhanced products. Furthermore, we may be unable to
detect and correct defects in some of our products before we ship them. Delays
or defects in new product introduction may result in loss of sales or delays in
market acceptance. Even after introduction, our new or enhanced products may not
satisfy consumer preferences and product failures may cause consumers to reject
our products. As a result, these products may not achieve market acceptance. In
addition, our competitors new products and product enhancements may cause
consumers to defer or forego purchases of our products.

 11

 Index

Our
operations could be harmed by factors including political instability, natural
disasters, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in regulations
that govern international transactions.

The risks
inherent in international trade may reduce our international sales and harm our
business and the businesses of our distributors and suppliers. These risks
include:

 changes
 in tariff regulations;

 political
 instability, war, terrorism and other political
 risks;

 foreign
 currency exchange rate
fluctuations;

 establishing
 and maintaining relationships with local distributors and
 dealers;

 lengthy
 shipping times and accounts receivable payment
 cycles;

 import
 and export licensing requirements;

 compliance
 with foreign laws and regulations, including unexpected changes in
 taxation and regulatory
requirements;

 greater
 difficulty in safeguarding intellectual property than in the United
 States; and

 difficulty
 in staffing and managing geographically diverse
 operations.

These and
other risks may increase the relative price of our products compared to those
manufactured in other countries, reducing the demand for our
products.

If
we are unable to enforce or defend our ownership and use of our intellectual
property, our business may decline.

Our
future success will depend, in substantial part, on our intellectual property.
We seek to protect our intellectual property rights, but our actions may not
adequately protect the rights covered by our patents, patent applications,
trademarks and other proprietary rights and prosecution of our claims could be
time consuming and costly. In addition, the intellectual property laws of some
foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights, as do the laws of the
United States. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary information, third
parties may obtain, disclose or use our proprietary information without our
authorization, which could adversely affect our business. From time to time,
third parties have alleged that we infringe their proprietary rights. These
claims or similar future claims could subject us to significant liability for
damages, result in the invalidation of our proprietary rights, limit our ability
to use infringing intellectual property or force us to license third-party
technology rather than dispute the merits of any infringement claim. Even if we
prevail, any associated litigation could be time consuming and expensive and
could result in the diversion of our time and resources.

 12

 Index

Covenants
in our existing debt agreements could restrict our operations.

Our
existing revolving credit facility and the indenture for our convertible senior
notes contain provisions that could restrict our operating and financing
activities. Together, they restrict our ability to, among other
things:

 incur
 debt;

 create
 or assume liens;

 enter
 into sale-leaseback transactions;
and

 engage
 in mergers or consolidations.

Because
of the restrictions on our ability to create or assume liens, we may have
difficulty securing additional financing in the form of additional indebtedness.
In addition, our revolving credit facility contains other and more restrictive
covenants, including financial covenants that will require us to achieve
specified financial and operating results and maintain compliance with specified
financial ratios. We may have to curtail some of our operations to maintain
compliance with these covenants.

If
we fail to comply with the covenants contained in our existing debt agreements,
the related debt incurred under those agreements could be declared immediately
due and payable, which could also trigger a default under other
agreements.

Our
ability to meet the covenants or requirements in our credit facilities and the
indenture for our convertible senior notes may be affected by events beyond our
control, and we cannot assure you that we will satisfy these covenants and
requirements. A breach of these covenants or our inability to comply with the
financial ratios, tests or other restrictions could result in an event of
default under the applicable agreement.  Upon the occurrence of an
event of default under the applicable agreement, the lenders could elect to
declare all amounts outstanding under the applicable agreement, together with
accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. If the payment of our
indebtedness is accelerated, we cannot assure you that we will be able to make
those payments or borrow sufficient funds from alternative sources to make those
payments. Even if we were to obtain additional financing, that financing may be
on unfavorable terms.

We
are engaged in ongoing litigation and may be the subject of additional
litigation that may result in payments to third parties, which could harm our
business and financial results.

As more
fully described in Part II, Item 3 Legal Proceedings, of this report, we are
currently involved in litigation arising out of or relating to the events
leading up to the termination of the proposed acquisition of the Company in
October 2007 or any earnings guidance provided by the Company.  In
addition, similar litigation has been and may be initiated against us and others
based on the alleged activities and disclosures at issue in the pending
litigation.  We cannot predict the outcome of any such proceeding or
the likelihood that further proceedings will be instituted against
us.  In the event that there is an adverse ruling in any legal
proceeding, we may be required to make payments to third parties that could harm
our business or financial results.  Furthermore, regardless of the
merits of any claim, the continued maintenance of these legal proceedings may
result in substantial legal expense and could also result in the diversion of
our managements time and attention away from our business.

 13

 Index

Harman
International is a holding company with no operations of its own and therefore
our cash flow and ability to service debt is dependent upon distributions from
our subsidiaries.

Our
ability to service our debt and pay dividends is dependent upon the operating
earnings of our subsidiaries. The distribution of those earnings, or advances or
other distributions of funds by those subsidiaries to Harman International, all
of which could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions, are
contingent upon the subsidiaries earnings and are subject to various business
considerations.

Any of
the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. In light of these risks and
uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the results and events
contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report will in
fact transpire.