.

Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results 

From time to time, including in this Form 10-K and in our annual report to shareholders, we publish
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to matters such as our business and marketing strategies, anticipated
financial performance or business prospects in future periods, expected technological and product developments, relationships with customers and suppliers, purchasing patterns of our customers and consumers, the expected content of and timing for
scheduled new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, expected benefits and plans relating to acquired brands and properties, the content and timing of planned entertainment releases
including motion pictures, television and digital products, marketing and promotional efforts, research and development activities, geographic plans, adequacy of supply, manufacturing capacity and expectations to reduce manufacturing in China,
adequacy of our properties, expected benefits and cost-savings from certain restructuring actions, capital expenditures, working capital, liquidity, and other financial, tax, accounting and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as
“anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “looking forward,” “may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and
“would” or any variations of words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in
our forward-looking statements. 

The factors listed below are illustrative and other risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be
detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 8-K, 
10-Q and 
10-K. We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 
10-K or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events
or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. 

12 

Table of Contents

Our strategy involves focusing on franchise and key partner brands,
and successfully developing, or in the case of partner brands, successfully working with our partners to develop, those brands across our brand blueprint in a wide array of innovative toys and games, consumer products, storytelling and digital
experiences. If we are not successful in developing and expanding these critical brands our business will suffer. 

We have made a
strategic decision to focus on fewer, larger global brands as we build our business. We are moving away from SKU making behaviors, which involve developing a large number of different products across many brands, towards global brand building
with an emphasis on developing our franchise and key partner brands, which we view as having the largest global potential. As we concentrate our efforts on a more select group of brands we can gain additional leverage and enhance the consumer
experience. But this focus also means that our future success depends disproportionately on our and our partners’ ability to successfully develop this select group of brands across the brand blueprint and to maintain and extend the reach and
relevance of these brands to global consumers in a wide array of markets. This strategy has required us to build and develop competencies in new areas, including storytelling, digital content and consumer products. Developing and growing these
competencies has required significant effort, time and money. 

In 2018, revenues from our seven franchise brands, BABY ALIVE, MAGIC: THE
GATHERING, MONOPOLY, NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, totaled 53% of our aggregate net revenues. Revenues from our key partner brands, including BEYBLADE, DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY
FROZEN, MARVEL, STAR WARS, DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS, and 
YO-KAI WATCH, constituted 22% of our aggregate net revenues in 2018. Together our franchise and partner brands account for the substantial majority of
our revenues. If we are unable to successfully maintain and develop our franchise and key partner brands in the future, continue to drive their relevance to consumers and grow sales of products and storytelling experiences based on those brands, our
revenues and profits will decline and our business performance will suffer. In addition to continuing to grow and develop our existing franchise brands, successfully executing our brand strategy requires us to successfully develop other brands, such
as current emerging brands, and elevate them to franchise brand status over time. There is no guarantee that we will be able to do this successfully. As an example of this process, in February 2018 we elevated BABY ALIVE to franchise brand status
and moved LITTLEST PET SHOP, which we are in the process of reinventing and which requires a different developmental approach at this point, out of Franchise Brands and into Emerging Brands. 

Consumer interests change rapidly, making it difficult to create storytelling experiences and to design and develop
products which will be popular with children and families, or to maintain the popularity of successful products and brands. 

The
interests of children and families evolve extremely quickly and can change dramatically from year to year. To be successful we must correctly anticipate the types of entertainment content, products and play patterns which will capture
children’s and families’ interests and imagination and quickly develop and introduce innovative products which can compete successfully for consumers’ limited time, attention and spending. This challenge is more difficult with
the ever-increasing utilization of technology and digital media in entertainment offerings, and the increasing breadth of entertainment available to consumers. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever changing and
expanding pipeline of entertainment and consumer properties and products which compete for children’s and families’ interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products can fail to achieve consumer acceptance, and other
products can be popular during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, individual children’s and family entertainment products and properties often have short consumer life cycles. If we devote time and
resources to developing and marketing entertainment and products that consumers do not find interesting enough to buy in sufficient quantities to be profitable to us, our revenues and profits may decline and our business performance may be damaged.
Similarly, if our product offerings and entertainment fail to correctly anticipate consumer interests our revenues and earnings will be reduced. 

Additionally, our business is increasingly global and depends on interest in and acceptance of our children’s and family entertainment products and properties by consumers in diverse markets around the world
with different tastes and preferences. As such, our success depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences in multiple markets and geographies and to design product and entertainment
offerings that can achieve popularity globally over a broad and diverse consumer audience. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully develop and market products with global appeal. 

13 

Table of Contents

The challenge of continuously developing and offering products and
storytelling experiences that are sought after by children is compounded by the sophistication of today’s children and the increasing array of technology and entertainment offerings available to them. 

Children are increasingly utilizing electronic offerings such as tablet devices and mobile phones and they are expanding their interests to a wider
array of innovative, technology-driven entertainment products and digital and social media offerings at younger and younger ages. Our products compete with the offerings of consumer electronics companies, digital media and social media
companies. To meet this challenge we, and our competitors, are designing and marketing products which incorporate increasing technology, seek to integrate digital and analog play, and aim to capitalize on new play patterns and increased
consumption of digital and social media. 

With the increasing array of competitive entertainment offerings, there is no guarantee that:

•

 Any of our brands, products or product lines will achieve popularity or continue to be popular; 

•

 Any property for which we have a significant license will achieve or sustain popularity; 

•

 Any new products or product lines we introduce will be considered interesting to consumers and achieve an adequate market acceptance; or

•

 Any product’s life cycle or sales quantities will be sufficient to permit us to profitably recover our development, manufacturing, marketing, royalties
(including royalty advances and guarantees) and other costs of producing, marketing and selling the product. 

Engaging storytelling across media is an increasingly important factor for driving brand awareness and successfully building brands. 

Entertainment media, in forms such as television, motion pictures, digital content and other media, have become increasingly important platforms for
consumers to experience our brands and our partners’ brands and the success, or lack of success, of such media efforts can significantly impact the demand for our products and our financial performance. We spend considerable resources in
designing and developing products in conjunction with planned media releases, both by our partners and our own media releases. Not only our efforts, but the efforts of third parties, such as licensors and motion picture studios with whom we work,
heavily impact the amount, content and timing of media development, release dates and the ultimate consumer interest in and success of these media efforts. 

In 2018, we developed and marketed significant product lines tied to the motion picture releases by key partners of BLACK PANTHER, AVENGERS: INFINITY WARS and SOLO: A STAR WARS STORY. In addition, we developed
and marketed products related to BUMBLEBEE, a motion picture developed and released by us working with our partner Paramount Pictures. For 2019, we are developing and marketing significant product lines tied to the scheduled motion picture releases
by key partners of a number of properties, including DISNEY’S ALADDIN, DISNEY’S FROZEN II and STAR WARS: EPISODE IX. Those motion pictures are all being developed and released by our partners and our partners control the content and
schedule for such motion pictures. Other key partner product lines we are offering, such as BEYBLADE and YOKAI-WATCH, depend on television support by our partners for their successes. Similarly, we are developing and marketing products for
entertainment we play a more active role in developing or develop ourselves, such as TRANSFORMERS and MY LITTLE PONY. If those motion pictures, television shows, or any other key entertainment content for which we develop and market products are not
as successful as we and our partners anticipate, our revenues and earnings will fall. 

The ultimate timing and success of such projects
is critically dependent on the efforts and schedules of our licensors, and studio and media partners. We do not fully control when or if any particular motion picture projects will be greenlit, developed or released, and our licensors or media
partners may change their plans with respect to projects and release dates or cancel development all together. This can make it difficult for us to get feature films developed, plan future entertainment slates and to successfully develop and
market products in conjunction with future motion picture and other media releases, given the lengthy lead times involved in product development and successful marketing efforts, and the fact that third party partners of ours may decide not to
develop such entertainment. 

When we say that products or brands will be supported by certain media releases, those statements are based
on our current plans and expectations. Unforeseen factors may increase the cost of these releases, delay these media releases or even lead to their cancellation. Any delay or cancellation of planned product development work, introductions, or media
support may decrease the number of products we sell and harm our business. 

14 

Table of Contents

Lack of sufficient consumer interest in entertainment media we or
our partners produce or for which we offer products can harm our business. 

Motion pictures, television, digital content or other
media we produce or for which we develop products may not be as popular with consumers as we anticipated. While it is difficult to anticipate what products may be sought after by consumers, it can be even more difficult to properly predict the
popularity of media efforts and properties given the broad array of competing offerings. If our or our partners’ media efforts, and related product offerings, fail to garner sufficient consumer interest and acceptance, our revenues and the
financial return from such efforts will be harmed. 

Under the relationship we entered with Paramount in October 2017 we plan to play a
more significant role in the production and financing of motion pictures based on our properties. That has the advantage of giving us more input to what and when properties are developed into motion pictures, and can allow us to earn a greater
return from successful films, but it also increases the money we will directly spend on film production and puts that investment at risk. If our motion pictures are not as successful as we anticipate they will be, or if we are not able to produce
and distribute films according to the schedule we have planned, due to creative or other difficulties or delays, our financial performance will be negatively impacted. 

Discovery Family Channel, our cable television joint venture with Discovery Communications, Inc. in the United States, competes with a number of other children’s television networks for viewers, advertising
revenue and distribution fees. There is no guarantee that Discovery Family Channel will be successful. Similarly, our programming distributed both domestically and internationally, Allspark Animation’s and Allspark Pictures’ releases and
Backflip Studio’s digital products compete with content from many other parties. Lack of consumer interest in and acceptance of content developed by Hasbro Studios, Allspark Animation, Allspark Pictures and Backflip Studios, or other content
appearing on Discovery Family Channel, and products related to that content, could significantly harm our business. Similarly, our business could be harmed by greater than expected costs, or unexpected delays or difficulties, associated with our
investment in Discovery Family Channel, such as difficulties in increasing subscribers to the network or in building advertising revenues for Discovery Family Channel. During 2018 we spent $132.0 million for television programming and film
projects we are developing and we anticipate that we will spend approximately $65.0 million to $85.0 million in 2019, and anticipate comparable or higher levels in future years. 

At December 30, 2018, $236.9 million, or 4.5%, of our total assets, represented our investments in the Discovery Family Channel. If the
Discovery Family Channel is not successful our investments may become impaired, which could result in a write-down through net earnings. 

The children’s and family entertainment industry and consumer products industry are highly competitive and the barriers to entry are low. If we are unable to compete
effectively with existing or new competitors or with our retailers’ private label toy products our revenues, market share and profitability could decline. 

The children’s and family entertainment industry and the consumer products industry are, and will continue to be, highly competitive. We compete in the United States and internationally with a wide array
of large and small manufacturers, marketers, and sellers of analog toys and games, digital gaming products, digital media, products which combine analog and digital play, and other entertainment and consumer products, as well as with retailers who
offer such products under their own private labels. In addition, we compete with other companies who are focused on building their brands across multiple product and consumer categories. Across our business, we face competitors who are
constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes and trends, seeking ideas which will appeal to consumers and introducing new products that compete with our products for consumer acceptance and purchase. In 2018, for example, our
NERF branded products faced significantly increased competition from both newer entrants into the blaster space, as well as private label offerings from major retailers. A number of these competitors sought to gain market share by offering products
with less innovation than our products at price points below our products, particularly by offering blasters in the under $20 retail price range. 

In addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the children’s and family entertainment industry and in the consumer products industry are low, and the increasing importance
of digital media, and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer interest, has further increased the ability for new participants to enter our markets, and has broadened the array of companies we compete with. New participants with
a popular product idea or entertainment property can gain access to consumers and become a significant source of competition for our products in a very short period of time. These existing and new competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than
us to changes in consumer preferences. Our competitors’ products may achieve greater market acceptance than our products and potentially reduce demand for our products, lower our revenues and lower our profitability. 

15 

Table of Contents

 In recent years, retailers have also developed their own private-label products that directly
compete with the products of traditional manufacturers and brand owners. Some retail chains that are our customers sell private-label children’s and family entertainment products designed, manufactured and branded by the retailers
themselves. These products may be sold at prices lower than our prices for comparable products, which may result in lower purchases of our products by these retailers and may reduce our market share. 

An inability to develop and introduce planned products, product lines and new brands in a timely and cost-effective
manner may damage our business. 

In developing products, product lines and new brands we have anticipated dates for the
associated product and brand introductions. When we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product, product line or brand at a certain time in the future those expectations are based on completing the associated
development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in a timely manner and on a
cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers’ compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. Further, ecommerce is growing significantly and accounting
for a higher portion of the ultimate sales of our products to consumers. Ecommerce retailers tend to hold less inventory and take inventory closer to the time of sale to consumers than traditional retailers. The risk is also exacerbated by the
increasing sophistication of many of the products we are designing, and brands we are developing in terms of combining digital and analog technologies, utilizing digital media to a greater degree, and providing greater innovation and product
differentiation. Unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands may cause the introduction date
for products to be later than anticipated, may reduce or eliminate the profitability of such products or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued. 

Our success depends on our ongoing ability to successfully evolve our capabilities and business to meet the challenges
of a changing retail landscape and to successfully develop new aspects of our business 

2018 was a year of significant retail
disruption in our industry. Our future success depends on our ability to continue evolving and transforming our business to address a changing global consumer landscape and retail environment, one in which online shopping accounts for an increasing
percentage of total sales to consumers, digital first marketing is critical to garner and develop consumer interest, ecommerce focused companies like Amazon.com, Inc. are now among our largest customers, traditional brick and mortar retailers face
challenges to their businesses from the disintermediation caused by the expanding prevalence of online shopping, and the presence of specialty toy retailers has been significantly reduced in many of our markets due to bankruptcies, such as that of
Toys “R” Us, potentially reducing, at least in the shorter term, physical shelf space available to offer family entertainment properties. These market conditions require that we drive a digital-first orientation throughout our Company,
adapt the way we produce and distribute our products to meet the needs of ecommerce retailers, and continue developing alternate retail channels to reach our consumers and recapture shelf space lost by specialty retailers. 

In addition to successfully driving our business in a changing retail landscape, our future success depends on developing new areas of our business.
A prime example of that is our initiative to drive our MAGIC: THE GATHERING brand through digital gaming and esports. We have invested considerable time and resources in our MAGIC: THE GATHERING Arena online game, which is currently in open beta,
and our MAGIC: THE GATHERING esports initiative. Those initiatives require different skills, investments and business strategies than more traditional areas of our business and our ability to successfully and profitably develop and deploy those
skills and strategies, and drive those businesses, will be a major factor in achieving future success for our Company. 

Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly impact our reported financial performance.

Our global operations mean we produce and buy products, and sell products, in many different jurisdictions with many different
currencies. As a result, if the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and a local currency for an international market in which we have significant sales or operations changes, our financial results as reported in U.S. dollars, may be
meaningfully impacted even if our business in the local currency is not significantly affected. As an example, if the dollar appreciates 10% relative to a local currency for an international market in which we had $200 million of net revenues,
the dollar value of those sales, as they are translated into U.S. dollars, would decrease by $20 million in our consolidated financial results. As such, we would recognize a $20 million decrease in our net revenues, even if the actual
level of sales in the foreign market had not changed. Similarly, our expenses can be 

16 

Table of Contents

significantly impacted, in U.S. dollar terms, by exchange rates, meaning the profitability of our business in U.S. dollar terms can be negatively impacted by exchange rate movements
which we do not control. During 2018, certain key currencies, such as the Euro, Russian Ruble, and Brazilian Real depreciated significantly against the U.S. dollar. This depreciation had a significant negative impact on our revenues and earnings.
Depreciation in key currencies during 2018 and beyond may have a significant negative impact on our revenues and earnings as they are reported in U.S. dollars. 

Global and regional economic downturns that negatively impact the retail and credit markets, or that otherwise damage the financial health of our retail customers and consumers, or
other factors negatively impacting retail sales, can harm our business and financial performance. 

We design, manufacture and
market a wide variety of entertainment and consumer products worldwide through sales to our retail customers and directly to consumers. Our financial performance is impacted by the level of discretionary consumer spending in the markets in
which we operate. Recessions, credit crises and other economic downturns, or disruptions in credit markets, in the United States and in other markets in which our products are marketed and sold can result in lower levels of economic activity,
lower employment levels, less consumer disposable income, and lower consumer confidence. Similarly, reductions in the value of key assets held by consumers, such as their homes or stock market investments, can lower consumer confidence and consumer
spending power. Any of these factors can reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our products. This in turn can reduce our revenues and harm our financial performance and profitability. 

In addition to experiencing potentially lower revenues from our products during times of economic difficulty, in an effort to maintain sales during
such times we may need to reduce the price of our products, increase our promotional spending and/or sales allowances, or take other steps to encourage retailer and consumer purchase of our products. Those steps may lower our net revenues or
increase our costs, thereby decreasing our operating margins and lowering our profitability. These challenges can be exacerbated if our customers accumulate excess retail inventories over time due to their purchases of our products exceeding sales
of those products to ultimate consumers. It can then take us significant time, working with our retailers, to reduce those excess retail inventories, and in the interim our sales of new products can be negatively impacted. Our business in Europe in
2018 was significantly reduced by excess retail inventories that we needed to address during the year. 

Our revenues and profitability
for 2018 were negatively impacted by the ongoing economic challenges and resulting lower sales of our products in the United Kingdom and in Brazil. The economic downturn in the United Kingdom is partly caused by uncertainly around Brexit. If these
markets, or other significant markets, experience economic difficulties in 2019 it can harm our business and financial results. 

An increasing portion of our business is expected to come from emerging markets, and growing business in emerging markets presents additional challenges. 

We expect an increasing portion of our net revenues to come from emerging markets in the future, including Eastern Europe, Latin America, Africa and
Asia. In 2018 revenues in emerging markets constituted approximately 14% of our net revenues, up from only 6% of our net revenues in 2010. Over time, we expect our emerging market net revenues to continue to grow both in absolute terms and as a
percentage of our overall business as one of our key business strategies is to increase our presence in emerging and underserved international markets. Operating in an increasing number of markets, each with its own unique consumer preferences
and business climates, presents additional challenges that we must meet. In addition to the need to successfully anticipate and serve different global consumer preferences and interests, sales and operations in emerging markets that we have
entered, may enter, or may increase our presence in, are subject to other risks associated with international operations, including: 

•

 Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws and
regulations that impact our product offerings and related enforcement; 

•

 Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions; 

•

 Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite different from the
United States; 

•

 Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and interruptions;
and 

•

 The imposition of tariffs, border adjustment taxes, quotas, or other protectionist measures. 

17 

Table of Contents

 Because of the importance of our emerging market net revenues, our financial condition and
results of operations could be harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our emerging market business. 

Our business depends in large part on the success of our key partner brands and on our ability to maintain and extend solid relationships with our key partners. 

As part of our strategy, in addition to developing and marketing products based on properties we own or control, we also seek to obtain licenses
enabling us to develop and market products based on popular entertainment properties owned by third parties. 

We currently have in-licenses to several successful entertainment properties, including MARVEL and STAR WARS, DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN, BEYBLADE and DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS. These licenses typically have multi-year
terms and provide us with the right to market and sell designated classes of products. In recent years our sales of products under the MARVEL, STAR WARS and BEYBLADE licenses have been highly significant to our business. In 2016 we began sales
of products based on the DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN properties, which contributed to our performance. If we fail to meet our contractual commitments and/or any of these licenses were to terminate and not be renewed, or the popularity of any
of these licensed properties was to significantly decline, our business would be damaged and we would need to successfully develop and market other products to replace the products previously offered under license. 

Our license to the MARVEL property is granted from Marvel Entertainment, LLC and Marvel Characters B.V. (together “Marvel”). Our
license to the STAR WARS property is granted by Lucas Licensing Ltd. and Lucasfilm Ltd. (together “Lucas”). Both Marvel and Lucas are owned by The Walt Disney Company. 

Our business is seasonal and therefore our annual operating results will depend, in large part, on our sales during
the relatively brief holiday shopping season. This seasonality is exacerbated by retailers’ quick response inventory management techniques. 

Sales of our toys, games and other family entertainment products at retail are extremely seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during the period from September through December in anticipation of the
holiday season. This seasonality has increased over time, as retailers become more efficient in their control of inventory levels through quick response inventory management techniques. Further, ecommerce is growing significantly and accounting for
a higher portion of the ultimate sales of our products to consumers. Ecommerce retailers tend to hold less inventory and take inventory closer to the time of sale to consumers than traditional retailers. As a result, customers are timing their
orders so that they are being filled by suppliers, such as us, closer to the time of purchase by consumers. For toys, games and other family entertainment products which we produce, a majority of retail sales for the entire year generally occur in
the fourth quarter, close to the holiday season. As a consequence, the majority of our sales to our customers occur in the period from September through December, as our customers do not want to maintain large
on-hand inventories throughout the year ahead of consumer demand. While these techniques reduce a retailer’s investment in inventory, they increase pressure on suppliers like us to fill orders promptly
and thereby shift a significant portion of inventory risk and carrying costs to the supplier. 

The level of inventory carried by
retailers may also reduce or delay retail sales resulting in lower revenues for us. If we or our customers determine that one of our products is more popular at retail than was originally anticipated, we may not have sufficient time to produce and
ship enough additional products to fully meet consumer demand. Additionally, the logistics of supplying more and more product within shorter time periods increases the risk that we will fail to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules, which
also may reduce our sales and harm our financial performance. This seasonal pattern requires significant use of working capital, mainly to manufacture or acquire inventory during the portion of the year prior to the holiday season, and requires
accurate forecasting of demand for products during the holiday season in order to avoid losing potential sales of popular products or producing excess inventory of products that are less popular with consumers. Our failure to accurately predict and
respond to consumer demand, resulting in under producing popular items and/or overproducing less popular items, would reduce our total sales and harm our results of operations. 

In 2018 we experienced a negative impact to our business from retailers’ continuing efforts to reduce the amount of overall inventory they carry and minimize carry-forward inventory coming out of the holiday
season. Additionally, some retailers are increasing their use of automated inventory replenishment programs, which we believe drove a significant reduction in reorders of our products by these retailers in the last weeks of December 2018. These
trends negatively impacted our sales in 2018. If retailers continue to increase their use of automated replenishment programs, our inventory levels and sales may fluctuate, particularly in the fourth quarter. 

18 

Table of Contents

 In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, we would be significantly and
adversely affected, in a manner disproportionate to the impact on a company with sales spread more evenly throughout the year, by unforeseen events such as a terrorist attack or economic shock that harm the retail environment or consumer buying
patterns during our key selling season, or by events such as strikes or port delays that interfere with the shipment of goods, particularly from the Far East, during the critical months leading up to the holiday shopping season. 

The concentration of our retail customer base means that economic difficulties or changes in the purchasing or
promotional policies or patterns of our major customers could have a significant impact on us. 

We depend upon a relatively small
retail customer base to sell the majority of our products. For the fiscal year ended December 30, 2018, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Target Corporation accounted for approximately 20% and 9%, respectively,
of our consolidated net revenues and our five largest customers in the aggregate accounted for approximately 38% of our consolidated net revenues. In the U.S. and Canada segment, approximately 60% of the net revenues of the segment were derived
from our top three customers. If one or more of our major customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us, favor
competitors or new entrants, increase their direct competition with us by expanding their private-label business, change their purchasing patterns, alter the manner in which they promote our products or the resources they devote to promoting and
selling our products, or return substantial amounts of our products, it could significantly harm our sales, profitability and financial condition. 

As an example of this, the bankruptcy filing by Toys“R”Us in the U.S. and Canada in September 2017, and in the United Kingdom in early 2018, and the subsequent liquidations of the Toys “R” Us
business in many markets globally during 2018, as well as the inability of Toys“R”Us to pay certain outstanding receivables, significantly reduced our sales and profitability in the fourth quarter of 2017 and throughout 2018. The
liquidation of millions of units of retail inventory held by Toys“R”Us into the market at closeout prices had a more substantial negative impact to sales of new products by us in 2018 than we, and industry experts, had initially expected
in early 2018. 

Customers make no binding long-term commitments to us regarding purchase volumes and make all purchases by delivering
purchase orders. Any customer could reduce its overall purchase of our products and reduce the number and variety of our products that it carries and the shelf space allotted for our products. In addition, increased concentration among our
customers could also negatively impact our ability to negotiate higher sales prices for our products and could result in lower gross margins than would otherwise be obtained if there were less consolidation among our customers. Furthermore, the
bankruptcy or other lack of success of one or more of our other significant retail customers could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. 

Part of our strategy to remain relevant to children and families is to offer innovative products incorporating progressive technology, integrating digital and analog play. These
products can be more difficult and expensive to design and manufacture which may reduce margins on some or a portion of these products compared to more traditional toys and games and such products may have short life spans. 

As childhood evolves and children become more interested in sophisticated product offerings, such as video games, consumer electronics and social
and digital media, at younger and younger ages, we have sought to keep our products relevant and interesting for these consumers. To continue capturing the interest of sophisticated youth, we must offer innovative children’s electronic toy and
game products. This is another key to our strategy; complementing analog play with digital integration and investing in technology development. These electronic and digital products, if successful, can be an effective way for us to connect with
consumers and increase our sales. However, children’s electronic and digital products, in addition to the risks associated with our other family entertainment products, also face certain additional risks. 

Costs associated with designing, developing and producing technologically advanced or sophisticated products tend to be higher than for many of our
other more traditional products, such as board games and action figures. The ability to sell enough of these advanced products, at prices high enough to recoup our costs and make a profit, is constrained by heavy competition in consumer electronics
and entertainment products and can be further constrained by difficult economic conditions. As a result, we can face increased risk of not achieving sales sufficient to recover our costs and we may lose money on the development and sale of these
products. Additionally, designing, developing and producing technologically advanced or sophisticated products requires different competencies and follows different timelines than traditional toys and games. Delays in the design, development or
production of these products incorporated into or associated with traditional toys and games could have a significant impact on our ability to successfully offer such products. In addition, the pace of change in product offerings and consumer
tastes in the electronics and digital gaming areas is potentially even greater than 

19 

Table of Contents

for our other products. This pace of change means that the window in which a product can achieve and maintain consumer interest may be even shorter than traditional toys and games. 

Our substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside the United States subject us to risks associated with
international operations. 

We operate facilities and sell products in numerous countries outside the United States. For the year
ended December 30, 2018, our net revenues from the International segment comprised approximately 40% of our total consolidated net revenues. We expect net revenues from our International segment to continue accounting for a significant portion
of our revenues. In fact, over time, we expect our international sales and operations to continue to grow both in dollars and as a percentage of our overall business as a result of a key business strategy to expand our presence in emerging and
underserved international markets. Additionally, as we discuss below, we utilize third-party manufacturers primarily located in the Far East to produce most of our products. These international sales and manufacturing operations, including
operations in emerging markets, are subject to risks that may significantly harm our sales, increase our costs or otherwise damage our business, including: 

•

 Currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations; 

•

 Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions, which can materially increase our taxes and other
costs of doing business; 

•

 Political instability, civil unrest and economic instability; 

•

 Greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights; 

•

 Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws and
regulations and related enforcement; 

•

 Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite different from the
United States; 

•

 Natural disasters and the greater difficulty and cost in recovering therefrom; 

•

 Transportation delays and interruptions; 

•

 Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and interruptions;

•

 Increased investment and operational complexity to make our products compatible with systems in various countries and compliant with local laws;

•

 Changes in international labor costs and other costs of doing business internationally; and 

•

 The imposition of tariffs, quotas, border adjustment taxes or other protectionist measures. 

To date tariffs have not had a material adverse impact to our overall business, and the only market in which we face significant tariffs currently
is in Brazil, where substantial import tariffs have been in place and do negatively impact our ability to price our products competitively while remaining profitable. However, if tariffs were to be imposed on substantial quantities of our products,
such as if the United States were to impose tariffs on substantial quantities of our products manufactured in China and imported into the United States, that could have a material negative impact on our business and damage our sales and
profitability, and take time to offset. 

Because of the importance of international sales, sourcing and manufacturing to our business,
our financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our increasing global business. 

Other economic and public health conditions in the markets in which we operate, including rising commodity and fuel
prices, higher labor costs, increased transportation costs, outbreaks of public health pandemics or other diseases, or third party conduct could negatively impact our ability to produce and ship our products, and lower our revenues, margins and
profitability. 

Various economic and public health conditions can impact our ability to manufacture and deliver products in a
timely and cost-effective manner, or can otherwise have a significant negative impact on our revenues, profitability and business. 

Significant increases in the costs of other products which are required by consumers, such as gasoline, home heating fuels, or groceries, may reduce
household spending on the discretionary branded-play entertainment 

20 

Table of Contents

products we offer. As we discussed above, weakened economic conditions, lowered employment levels or recessions in any of our major markets may significantly reduce consumer purchases of our
products. In 2018 our business was negatively impacted by weaker economic conditions in the United Kingdom and Brazil, two of our significant markets. Economic conditions may also be negatively impacted by terrorist attacks, wars and other
conflicts, natural disasters, increases in critical commodity prices or labor costs, or the prospect of such events. Such a weakened economic and business climate, as well as consumer uncertainty created by such a climate, could harm our revenues
and profitability. 

Our success and profitability not only depend on consumer demand for our products, but also on our ability to produce
and sell those products at costs which allow for us to make a profit. Rising fuel and raw material prices, for paperboard and other components such as resin used in plastics or electronic components, increased transportation costs, and increased
labor costs in the markets in which our products are manufactured all may increase the costs we incur to produce and transport our products, which in turn may reduce our margins, reduce our profitability and harm our business. 

Other conditions, such as the unavailability of sufficient quantities of electrical components, may impede our ability to manufacture, source and
ship new and continuing products on a timely basis. Additional factors outside of our control could further delay our products or increase the cost we pay to produce such products. For example, work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes, an outbreak of a
severe public health pandemic, a natural disaster or the occurrence or threat of wars or other conflicts, all could impact our ability to manufacture or deliver product. Any of these factors could result in product delays, increased costs and/or
lost sales for our products. 

We may not realize the full benefit of our licenses if the licensed material
has less market appeal than expected or if revenue from the licensed products is not sufficient to earn out the minimum guaranteed royalties. 

In addition to designing and developing products based on our own brands, we seek to fulfill consumer preferences and interests by producing products based on popular entertainment properties developed by third
parties and licensed to us. The success of entertainment properties for which we have a license, such as MARVEL, STAR WARS, SESAME STREET, DISNEY PRINCESS, DISNEY FROZEN, DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS, YOKAI-WATCH or BEYBLADE, and the ability of us to
successfully market and sell related products, can significantly affect our revenues and profitability. If we produce a line of products based on a movie or television series, the success of the movie or series has a critical impact on the level of
consumer interest in the associated products we are offering. In addition, competition in our industry for access to entertainment properties can lessen our ability to secure, maintain, and renew popular licenses to entertainment products on
beneficial terms, if at all, and to attract and retain the talented employees necessary to design, develop and market successful products based on these properties. 

The license agreements we enter to obtain these rights usually require us to pay minimum royalty guarantees that may be substantial, and in some cases may be greater than what we are ultimately able to recoup from
actual sales, which could result in write-offs of significant amounts which in turn would harm our results of operations. At December 30, 2018, we had $72.7 million of prepaid royalties, $38.3 million of which are included in prepaid
expenses and other current assets and $34.4 million of which are included in other assets. Under the terms of existing contracts as of December 30, 2018, we may be required to pay additional future minimum guaranteed royalties and other
licensing fees totaling approximately $387.8 million. Acquiring or renewing licenses may require the payment of minimum guaranteed royalties that we consider to be too high to be profitable, which may result in losing licenses that we currently
hold when they become available for renewal, or missing business opportunities for new licenses. Additionally, as a licensee of entertainment-based properties we have no guaranty that a particular property or brand will translate into successful
toy, game or other family entertainment products, and underperformance of any such products may result in reduced revenues and operating profit for us. 

We anticipate that the shorter theatrical duration for movie releases may make it increasingly difficult for us to profitably sell licensed products based on entertainment properties and may lead our customers to
reduce their demand for these products in order to minimize their inventory risk. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that a successful brand will continue to be successful or maintain a high level of sales in the future, as new entertainment