Forward-Looking
 Information and Risk Factors that May Affect Future
 Results

 From time to time, including in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and in our annual report to shareholders, we publish
 “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the
 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
 “forward-looking statements” may relate to such
 matters as anticipated financial performance, business
 prospects, technological developments, new products, the timing
 of entertainment releases, marketing and promotional efforts,
 research and development activities, liquidity, and similar
 matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to
 risks and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation
 Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking
 statements. These statements may be identified by the use of
 forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,”
 “believe,” “could,” “expect,”
 “intend,” “looking forward,”
 “may,” “planned,” “potential,”
 “should,” “will” and “would” or
 any variations of words with similar meanings. We note that a
 variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience
 to differ materially from the anticipated results or other
 expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking
 statements. The factors listed below are illustrative and other
 risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from
 time to time in our public announcements and our filings with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on

Forms 8-K,

10-Q and

10-K. We
 undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the
 forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or
 circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this
 report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or
 share amounts herein are expressed in thousands of dollars or
 shares, except for per share amounts.

 8

Table of Contents

 Volatility
 of consumer preferences, combined with the high level of
 competition and low barriers to entry in the family
 entertainment industry make it difficult to maintain the
 long-term success of existing product lines or consistently
 introduce successful new products. In addition, an inability to
 develop and introduce planned new products and product lines in
 a timely manner may damage our business.

 The family entertainment business is a fashion industry. Our
 success is critically dependent upon the consumer appeal of our
 products, principally games and toys. Our failure to
 successfully anticipate, identify and react to children’s
 interests and the preferences in family entertainment could
 significantly lower sales of our products and harm our
 profitability.

 A decline in the popularity of our existing products and product
 lines, or the failure of our new products and product lines to
 achieve and sustain market acceptance, could significantly lower
 our sales and operating margins, which would harm our
 profitability, business and financial condition. In our
 industry, it is important to identify and offer what are
 considered to be the “hot” toys and games on
 children’s wish lists. Our continued success will depend on
 our ability to develop, market and sell popular toys, games and
 children’s electronic products which are sought after by
 both children and their parents. We seek to achieve and maintain
 market popularity for our products through the redesign and
 extension of our existing family entertainment properties in
 ways that capture consumer interest and imagination and remain
 relevant in today’s world, and by developing, introducing
 and gaining customer interest for new family entertainment
 products. This process involves anticipating and extending
 successful play patterns and identifying entertainment concepts
 and properties that appeal to children’s imaginations.
 However, consumer preferences with respect to family
 entertainment are continuously changing and are difficult to
 anticipate. Individual family entertainment products and