Forward-Looking
 Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future
 Results

 From time to time, including in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and in our annual report to shareholders, we publish
 “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the
 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
 “forward-looking statements” may relate to such
 matters as our anticipated financial performance or business
 prospects in future periods, expected technological and product
 developments, the expected timing of new product introductions
 or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products
 by customers, the timing of entertainment releases, marketing
 and promotional efforts, research and development activities,
 liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are
 inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private
 Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor
 for forward-looking statements. These statements may be
 identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such
 as “anticipate,” “believe,”
 “could,” “expect,” “intend,”
 “looking forward,” “may,”
 “planned,” “potential,” “should,”
 “will” and “would” or any variations of
 words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors
 could cause our actual results and experience to differ
 materially from the anticipated results or other expectations
 expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The
 factors listed below are illustrative and other risks and
 uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to
 time in our public announcements and our filings with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on

Forms 8-K,

10-Q and

10-K. We
 undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the
 forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or
 circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this
 report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or
 share amounts herein are expressed in thousands of dollars or
 shares, except for per share amounts.

 7

Table of Contents

 The
 volatility of consumer preferences, combined with the high level
 of competition and low barriers to entry in the family
 entertainment industry make it difficult to maintain the success
 of existing products and product lines or consistently introduce
 successful new products. In addition, an inability to develop
 and introduce planned new products and product lines in a timely
 and cost-effective manner may damage our business.

 The family entertainment business is a fashion industry. Our
 success is critically dependent upon the consumer appeal of our
 products, principally games and toys. Our failure to
 successfully anticipate, identify and react to children’s
 interests and the current preferences in family entertainment
 could significantly lower sales of our products and harm our
 sales and profitability.

 A decline in the popularity of our existing products and product
 lines, or the failure of our new products and product lines to
 achieve and sustain market acceptance with retailers and
 consumers, could significantly lower our sales and operating
 margins, which would in turn harm our profitability, business
 and financial condition. In our industry, it is important to
 identify and offer what are considered to be the “hot”
 toys and games on children’s “wish lists”. Our
 continued success will depend on our ability to develop, market
 and sell popular toys, games and children’s electronic
 products which are sought after by both children and their
 parents. We seek to achieve and maintain market popularity for
 our products through the redesign and extension of our existing
 family entertainment properties in ways we believe will capture
 evolving consumer interest and imagination and remain relevant
 in today’s world, and by developing, introducing and
 gaining customer interest for new family entertainment products.
 This process involves anticipating and extending successful play
 patterns and identifying entertainment concepts and properties
 that appeal to children’s imaginations. However, consumer
 preferences with respect to family entertainment are
 continuously changing and are difficult to anticipate. Evolving
 consumer tastes, coupled with an ever changing pipeline of
 entertainment properties and products which compete for consumer
 interest and acceptance, creates an environment in which
 products can be extremely popular during a certain period in
 time but then rapidly be replaced in consumer’s minds with
 other properties. As a result, individual family entertainment
 products and properties generally, and high technology products
 in particular, often have short consumer life cycles.

 Not only must we address rapidly changing consumer tastes and
 interests but we face competitors who are also constantly
 monitoring consumer tastes, seeking ideas which will appeal to
 consumers and introducing new products that compete with our
 products for consumer purchasing. In addition to existing
 competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the
 family entertainment industry are low. New participants with a
 popular product idea or property can gain access to consumers
 and become a significant source of competition for our products.
 In some cases our competitors’ products may achieve greater
 market acceptance than our products and potentially reduce
 demand for our products.

 The challenge of developing and offering products that are
 sought after by children is compounded by the trend of children
 “getting older younger”. By this we mean that children
 are losing interest in traditional toys and games at younger
 ages and, as a result, at younger and younger ages, our products
 compete with the offerings of video game suppliers, consumer
 electronics companies and other businesses outside of the
 traditional toy and game industry.

 In addition to designing and developing products based on our
 own brands, we seek to fulfill consumer preferences and
 interests by producing products based on popular entertainment