.

Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results 

From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our annual report to shareholders, we make “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing strategies, anticipated financial performance or business prospects in future periods, including with respect to our planned
cost savings initiatives, expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for scheduled new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content and
timing of planned entertainment releases including motion pictures, television and digital content; and marketing and promotional efforts, research and development activities, liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as
“anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” 

9 

Table of Contents

“looking forward,” “may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of words with similar
meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The factors listed below
are illustrative and other risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. We undertake no
obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. Unless
otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share amounts herein are expressed in millions of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts. 

Our strategy involves focusing on franchise and key partner brands, and successfully developing those brands across the brand blueprint in a wide array of innovative toys and games,
consumer products, storytelling and digital experiences. If we are not successful in developing and expanding these critical brands our business will suffer. 

We have made a strategic decision to focus on fewer, larger global brands as we build our business. We are moving away from SKU making behaviors, which involve building a large number of products across many
brands, towards global brand building with an emphasis on developing our franchise and key partner brands, which we view as having the largest global potential. As we concentrate our efforts on a more select group of brands we can gain
additional leverage and enhance the consumer experience. But this focus also means that our future success depends disproportionately on our ability to successfully develop this select group of brands across our brand blueprint and to maintain and
extend the reach and relevance of these brands to global consumers in a wide array of markets. This strategy has required us to build and develop competencies in new areas, including storytelling, digital content and consumer products.
Developing and growing these competencies has required significant effort, time and money. 

In 2016 revenues from our seven franchise
brands, LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, totaled 46% of our aggregate net revenues. Revenues from our key partner brands, including DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN, MARVEL,
STAR WARS, DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS and YO-KAI WATCH, constituted 28% of our aggregate net revenues in 2016. Together our franchise and partner brands account for the substantial majority of our revenues. If we are unable to successfully maintain and
develop our franchise and key partner brands in the future, and grow sales of products based on those brands, our revenues and profits will decline and our business performance will suffer. In addition to continuing to grow and develop our existing
franchise brands, successfully executing our brand strategy requires us to successfully develop other brands, such as current emerging brands, and elevate them to franchise brand status over time. There is no guarantee that we will be able to do
this. 

Consumer interests change rapidly, making it difficult to design and develop products which will be
popular with children and families, or to maintain the popularity of successful products. 

The interests of children and families
evolve extremely quickly and can change dramatically from year to year. To be successful we must correctly anticipate the types of entertainment content, products and play patterns which will capture children’s and families’ interests and
imagination and quickly develop and introduce innovative products which can compete successfully for consumers’ limited time, attention and spending. This challenge is more difficult with the ever increasing utilization of technology and
digital media in entertainment offerings, and the increasing breadth of entertainment available to consumers. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever changing and expanding pipeline of entertainment and consumer