Forward-Looking
 Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future
 Results

 From time to time, including in this Annual Report on
 Form 10-K
 and in our annual report to shareholders, we publish
 “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the
 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
 “forward-looking statements” may relate to such
 matters as our anticipated financial performance or business
 prospects in future periods, expected technological and product
 developments, the expected timing of new product introductions
 or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products
 by customers, the timing of entertainment releases, marketing
 and promotional efforts, research and development activities,
 liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are
 inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private
 Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor
 for forward-looking statements. These statements may be
 identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such
 as “anticipate,” “believe,”
 “could,” “expect,” “intend,”
 “looking forward,” “may,”
 “planned,” “potential,” “should,”
 “will” and “would” or any variations of
 words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors
 could cause our actual results and experience to differ
 materially from the anticipated results or other expectations
 expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The
 factors listed below are illustrative and other risks and
 uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to
 time in our public announcements and our filings with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on

Forms 8-K,

10-Q and

10-K. We
 undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the
 forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on

Form 10-K
 or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or
 circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this
 report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or
 share amounts herein are expressed in thousands of dollars or
 shares, except for per share amounts.

 The
 volatility of consumer preferences, combined with the high level
 of competition and low barriers to entry in the family
 entertainment industry, make it difficult to maintain the
 success of existing products and product lines or introduce
 successful new products. In addition, an inability to develop
 and introduce planned new products and product lines in a timely
 and cost-effective manner may damage our business.

 The family entertainment business is a fashion industry. Our
 success is critically dependent upon the consumer appeal of our
 products, principally games and toys. Our failure to
 successfully anticipate, identify and react to children’s
 interests and the current preferences in family entertainment
 could significantly lower sales of our products and harm our
 sales and profitability.

 A decline in the popularity of our existing products and product
 lines, or the failure of our new products and product lines to
 achieve and sustain market acceptance with retailers and
 consumers, could significantly lower our revenues and operating
 margins, which would in turn harm our profitability, business
 and financial condition. In our industry, it is important to
 identify and offer what are considered to be the “hot”
 toys and games on children’s “wish lists”. Our
 continued success will depend on our ability to develop, market
 and sell popular toys and games and license our brands for
 products which are sought after by both children and their
 parents. We seek to achieve and maintain market popularity for
 our products through the redesign and extension of our existing
 family entertainment properties in ways we believe will capture
 evolving consumer interest and imagination and remain relevant
 in today’s world, and by developing, introducing and
 gaining customer interest for new family entertainment products.
 This process involves anticipating and extending successful play
 patterns and identifying entertainment concepts and properties
 that appeal to children’s imaginations. However, consumer
 preferences with respect to family entertainment are
 continuously changing and are difficult to anticipate. Evolving
 consumer tastes, coupled with an ever changing pipeline of
 entertainment properties and products which compete for consumer
 interest and acceptance, creates an environment in which
 products can be extremely popular during a certain period in
 time but then rapidly be replaced in consumer’s minds with
 other properties. As a result, individual family entertainment
 products and properties often have short consumer life cycles.

 Not only must we address rapidly changing consumer tastes and
 interests but we face competitors who are also constantly
 monitoring consumer tastes, seeking ideas which will appeal to
 consumers and introducing new products that compete with our
 products for consumer purchasing. In addition to existing
 competitors, the

 8

Table of Contents

 barriers to entry for new participants in the family
 entertainment industry are low. New participants with a popular
 product idea or entertainment property can gain access to
 consumers and become a significant source of competition for our
 products. In some cases our competitors’ products may
 achieve greater market acceptance than our products and
 potentially reduce demand for our products.

 The challenge of developing and offering products that are
 sought after by children is compounded by the trend of children
 “getting older younger”. By this we mean that children
 are losing interest in traditional toys and games at younger
 ages and, as a result, at younger and younger ages, our products
 compete with the offerings of video game suppliers, consumer
 electronics companies and other businesses outside of the
 traditional toy and game industry.

 There is no guarantee that:

 • 

 Any of our current products or product lines will continue to be
 popular;

 • 

 Any property for which we have a significant license will
 achieve or sustain popularity;

 • 

 Any new products or product lines we introduce will be
 considered interesting to consumers and achieve an adequate
 market acceptance;

 • 

 Any new product’s life cycle will be sufficient to permit
 us to profitably recover development, manufacturing, marketing,
 royalties (including royalty advances and guarantees) and other
 costs of producing, marketing and selling the product; or

 • 

 We will be able to manufacture, source and ship new or
 continuing products in a timely and cost-effective basis to meet
 constantly changing consumer demands, a risk that is heightened
 by our customers’ compressed shipping schedules and the
 seasonality of our business.

 In developing new products and product lines, we have
 anticipated dates for the associated product introductions. When
 we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a
 particular product or product line at a certain time in the
 future those expectations are based on completing the associated
 development and implementation work in accordance with our
 currently anticipated development schedule. Unforeseen delays or
 difficulties in the development process, or significant
 increases in the planned cost of development, may cause the
 introduction date for products to be later than anticipated or,
 in some situations, may cause a product introduction to be
 discontinued.

 Similarly, the success of our products is often dependent on the
 timelines and effectiveness of related advertising and media
 efforts. Television programming, movie and DVD releases, comic
 book releases, and other media efforts are often critical in
 generating interest in our products. Not only our efforts, but
 the efforts of third parties, heavily impact the launch dates
 and success of these media efforts. When we say that products or
 brands will be supported by certain media releases, those
 statements are based on our current plans and expectations.
 Unforeseen factors may delay these media releases or even lead
 to their cancellation. Any delay or cancellation of planned
 product development work, introductions, or media support may
 decrease the number of products we sell and harm our business.

 Economic
 downturns which negatively impact the retail and credit markets,
 or which otherwise damage the financial health of our retail
 customers and consumers, can harm our business and financial
 performance.

 The success of our family entertainment products and our
 financial performance is dependent on consumer purchases of our
 products. Consumers may not purchase our products because the
 products do not capture consumer interest and imagination, or
 because competitor family entertainment offerings are deemed
 more attractive. But consumer spending on our products can also
 be harmed by factors that negatively impact consumers’
 budgets generally, and which are not due to our product
 offerings.

 Recessions and other economic downturns, or disruptions in
 credit markets, in the markets in which we operate can result in
 lower levels of economic activity, lower employment levels, less
 consumer disposable

 9

Table of Contents

 income, and lower consumer confidence. Any of these factors can
 reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our
 products. This in turn can reduce our revenues and harm our
 financial performance.

 In addition to experiencing potentially lower revenues from our
 products during times of economic difficulty, in an effort to
 maintain sales during such times we may need to reduce the price
 of our products, increase our promotional spending, or take
 other steps to encourage retailer and consumer purchase of our
 products. Those steps may lower our net revenues, decrease our
 operating margins, increase our costs
 and/or lower
 our profitability.

 Other
 economic and public health conditions in the markets in which we
 operate, including rising commodity and fuel prices, higher
 labor costs, increased transportation costs, outbreaks of SARs
 or other diseases, or third party conduct could negatively
 impact our ability to produce and ship our products, and lower
 our revenues, margins and profitability.

 Various economic and public health conditions can impact our
 ability to manufacture and deliver products in a timely and
 cost-effective manner, or can otherwise have a significant
 negative impact on our business.

 Significant increases in the costs of other products which are
 required by consumers, such as gasoline, home heating fuels, or
 groceries, may reduce household spending on the discretionary
 entertainment products we offer. As we discussed above, weakened
 economic conditions, lowered employment levels or recessions in
 any of our major markets may significantly reduce consumer
 purchases of our products. Economic conditions may also be
 negatively impacted by terrorist attacks, wars and other
 conflicts, increases in critical commodity prices, or the
 prospect of such events. Such a weakened economic and business
 climate, as well as consumer uncertainty created by such a
 climate, could harm our revenues and profitability.

 Our success and profitability not only depend on consumer demand
 for our products, but also on our ability to produce and sell
 those products at costs which allow for profitable revenues.
 Rising fuel and raw material prices, for components such as
 resin used in plastics, increased transportation costs, and
 increased labor costs in the markets in which our products are
 manufactured all may increase the costs we incur to produce and
 transport our products, which in turn may reduce our margins,
 reduce our profitability and harm our business.

 Other conditions, such as the unavailability of electrical
 components, may impede our ability to manufacture, source and
 ship new and continuing products on a timely basis. Additional
 factors outside of our control could further delay our products
 or increase the cost we pay to produce such products. For
 example, work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes, an outbreak of
 SARs or another severe public health pandemic, or the occurrence
 or threat of wars or other conflicts, all could impact our
 ability to manufacture or deliver product. Any of these factors
 could result in product delays, increased costs
 and/or lost
 sales for our products.

 We may
 not realize the full benefit of our licenses if the licensed
 material has less market appeal than expected or if revenue from
 the licensed products is not sufficient to earn out the minimum
 guaranteed royalties.

 In addition to designing and developing products based on our
 own brands, we seek to fulfill consumer preferences and
 interests by producing products based on popular entertainment