.

Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results 

From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our annual report to shareholders, we publish “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing strategies, anticipated financial performance or
business prospects in future periods, expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content and
timing of planned entertainment releases including motion pictures and television; and marketing and promotional efforts, research and development activities, liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks
and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,”
“believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “looking forward,” “may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of
words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The
factors listed below are illustrative and other risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and
10-K. We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing
of this report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share amounts herein are expressed in thousands of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts. 

10 

Table of Contents

Consumer interests change rapidly, making it difficult to design and develop products
which will be popular with children and families. 

The interests of children and families evolve extremely quickly and
can change dramatically from year to year. To be successful we must correctly anticipate the types of entertainment content, products and play patterns which will capture children’s and families’ interests and imagination and quickly
develop innovative products which can compete successfully for consumers’ limited time, attention and spending. This challenge is more difficult with the ever increasing utilization of technology and digital media in entertainment offerings,
and the increasing breadth of entertainment available to consumers. Evolving consumer tastes, coupled with an ever changing and expanding pipeline of entertainment and consumer properties and products which compete for children’s and
families’ interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products can fail to achieve consumer acceptance, and other products can be popular during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, individual
family entertainment products and properties often have short consumer life cycles. If we devote time and resources to developing entertainment and products that consumers do not find interesting enough to buy in significant quantities to be
profitable to us, our revenues and profits will decline and our business performance will be damaged. 

Additionally, our
business is increasingly global and depends on interest in and acceptance of our entertainment and consumer product offerings by consumers in diverse markets around the world with different tastes and preferences. As such, our success depends on our
ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences in multiple markets and geographies and to design product offerings that can achieve popularity globally over a broad and diverse consumer audience. 

The challenge of continuously developing and offering products that are sought after by children is compounded by the
sophistication of today’s children and the increasing array of entertainment offerings available to them. 

Children are expanding their interests to a wider array of innovative, technology-driven entertainment products and digital and social
media offerings at younger and younger ages. Our products compete with the offerings of consumer electronics companies, digital media and social media companies. To meet this challenge we, and our competitors, are designing and marketing products
which incorporate increasing technology, seek to combine digital and analog play, and capitalize on new play patterns and increased consumption of digital and social media. 

With the increasing array of competitive entertainment offerings, there is no guarantee that: 

•

 Any of our brands, products or product lines will achieve popularity or continue to be popular; 

•

 Any property for which we have a significant license will achieve or sustain popularity; 

•

 Any new products or product lines we introduce will be considered interesting to consumers and achieve an adequate market acceptance; or

•

 Any product’s life cycle or sales quantities will be sufficient to permit us to profitably recover our development, manufacturing, marketing,
royalties (including royalty advances and guarantees) and other costs of producing, marketing and selling the product. 

The children’s and family entertainment industry is highly competitive and the barriers to entry are low. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors our revenues,
market share and profitability could decline. 

The children’s and family entertainment industry is, and will
continue to be, highly competitive. We compete in the United States and internationally with a wide array of large and small manufacturers, marketers, and sellers of analog toys and games, digital gaming products, digital media, products which
combine analog and digital play, and other entertainment and consumer products, as well as with retailers. We face competitors who 

11 

Table of Contents

are constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes and trends, seeking ideas which will appeal to consumers and introducing new products that compete with our products for
consumer acceptance and purchase. 

In addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the
children’s and family entertainment industry are low, and the increasing importance of digital media, and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer interest, has further increased the ability for new participants to enter our
markets, and has broadened the array of companies we compete with. New participants with a popular product idea or entertainment property can gain access to consumers and become a significant source of competition for our products in a very short
period of time. These existing and new competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences. Our competitors’ products may achieve greater market acceptance than our products and potentially reduce demand
for our products, lower our revenues and lower our profitability. 

An inability to develop and introduce planned new
brands, products and product lines in a timely and cost-effective manner may damage our business. 

In developing new
brands, products and product lines, we have anticipated dates for the associated product introductions. When we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product or product line at a certain time in the future those
expectations are based on completing the associated development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manufacture, source and ship new or
continuing products in a timely manner and on a cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers’ compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. The risk is also
exacerbated by the increasing sophistication of many of the products we are designing, in terms of combining digital and analog technologies, utilizing digital media to a greater degree, and providing greater innovation and product differentiation.
Unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products may cause the introduction date for products to be later than
anticipated or, in some situations, may cause a product introduction to be discontinued. 

United States, global and
regional economic downturns that negatively impact the retail and credit markets, or that otherwise damage the financial health of our retail customers and consumers, can harm our business and financial performance. 

We design, manufacture and market a wide variety of entertainment and consumer products worldwide through sales to our retail customers
and directly to consumers. Our financial performance is impacted by the level of discretionary consumer spending in the markets in which we operate. Recessions, credit crises and other economic downturns, or disruptions in credit markets, in the
United States and in other markets in which our products are marketed and sold can result in lower levels of economic activity, lower employment levels, less consumer disposable income, and lower consumer confidence. Similarly, reductions in the
value of key assets held by consumers, such as their homes or stock market investments, can lower consumer confidence and consumer spending power. Any of these factors can reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our products. This
in turn can reduce our revenues and harm our financial performance and profitability. 

In addition to experiencing potentially
lower revenues from our products during times of economic difficulty, in an effort to maintain sales during such times we may need to reduce the price of our products, increase our promotional spending and/or sales allowances, or take other steps to
encourage retailer and consumer purchase of our products. Those steps may lower our net revenues or increase our costs, thereby decreasing our operating margins and lowering our profitability. 

12 

Table of Contents

Challenging market conditions in certain developed markets, such as in the United
States and certain Western European countries, make it more difficult for us to succeed. 

Our future success in the
United States and Europe is impacted by market conditions. A European sovereign debt crisis or other significant negative shock to European markets could lead to a recession in Europe, which may negatively impact consumers and in turn, sales of our
products in the European markets. Similar negative events impacting the market in the United States may harm our business. 

Many components of the toy, game and family entertainment industries in the United States and certain Western European countries, have not
grown, or in some cases have even contracted, in recent years. These markets represent a majority of our current product sales. It is more difficult for us to grow, or even maintain, our business when the overall market in certain of the major
countries we serve is not growing. To succeed in a market that is stable or contracting, we must gain market share from our competitors, which is more difficult than growing in an expanding market. As long as economic conditions in the United States
and certain European markets remain difficult, this will be an additional challenge we must face and overcome. 

Loss of
a significant licensed property could harm our business. 

In addition to developing and marketing products based on