.

Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results 

From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our annual report to shareholders, we make “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing strategies, anticipated financial performance or business prospects in future periods,
expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for scheduled new product introductions or our expectations concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content and timing of planned
entertainment releases including motion pictures, television and digital content; and marketing and promotional efforts, research and development activities, liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks
and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,”
“believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “looking forward,” “may,” “planned,” “potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of
words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The
factors listed below are illustrative and other risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 
8-K, 
10-Q and 
10-K. We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 
10-K or in our annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share
amounts herein are expressed in millions of dollars or shares, except for per share amounts. 

Our strategy
involves focusing on franchise and key partner brands, and successfully developing those brands across the brand blueprint in a wide array of innovative toys and games, consumer products, storytelling and digital experiences. If we are not
successful in developing and expanding these critical brands our business will suffer. 

We have made a strategic decision to
focus on fewer, larger global brands as we build our business. We are moving away from SKU making behaviors, which involve building a large number of products across many brands, towards global brand building with an emphasis on developing our
franchise and key partner brands, which we view as having the largest global potential. As we concentrate our efforts on a more select group of brands we can gain additional leverage and enhance the consumer experience. But this focus also
means that our future success 

11 

Table of Contents

depends disproportionately on our ability to successfully develop this select group of brands across our brand blueprint and to maintain and extend the reach and relevance of these brands to
global consumers in a wide array of markets. This strategy has required us to build and develop competencies in new areas, including storytelling, digital content and consumer products. Developing and growing these competencies has required
significant effort, time and money. 

In 2017 revenues from our seven franchise brands, LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY,
NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, totaled 49% of our aggregate net revenues. Revenues from our key partner brands, including DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN, MARVEL, STAR WARS,
DREAMWORKS’ TROLLS, BEYBLADE and 
YO-KAI WATCH, constituted 24% of our aggregate net revenues in 2017. Together our franchise and partner brands account for the substantial majority of our revenues. If we
are unable to successfully maintain and develop our franchise and key partner brands in the future, continue to drive their relevance to consumers and grow sales of products and storytelling experiences based on those brands, our revenues and
profits will decline and our business performance will suffer. In addition to continuing to grow and develop our existing franchise brands, successfully executing our brand strategy requires us to successfully develop other brands, such as current
emerging brands, and elevate them to franchise brand status over time. There is no guarantee that we will be able to do this successfully. As an example of this process, in February 2018 we elevated BABY ALIVE to franchise brand status and moved
LITTLEST PET SHOP, which we are in the process of reinventing and which requires a different developmental approach at this point, out of Franchise Brands and into Emerging Brands. 

Consumer interests change rapidly, making it difficult to create storytelling experiences and to design and develop
products which will be popular with children and families, or to maintain the popularity of successful products and brands. 

The
interests of children and families evolve extremely quickly and can change dramatically from year to year. To be successful we must correctly anticipate the types of entertainment content, products and play patterns which will capture
children’s and families’ interests and imagination and quickly develop and introduce innovative products which can compete successfully for consumers’ limited time, attention and spending. This challenge is more difficult with
the ever increasing utilization of technology and digital media in entertainment offerings, and the increasing breadth of entertainment available to consumers. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever changing and
expanding pipeline of entertainment and consumer properties and products which compete for children’s and families’ interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products can fail to achieve consumer acceptance, and other
products can be popular during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, individual children’s and family entertainment products and properties often have short consumer life cycles. If we devote time and
resources to developing and marketing entertainment and products that consumers do not find interesting enough to buy in sufficient quantities to be profitable to us, our revenues and profits may decline and our business performance may be damaged.
Similarly, if our product offerings and entertainment fail to correctly anticipate consumer interests our revenues and earnings will be reduced. 

Additionally, our business is increasingly global and depends on interest in and acceptance of our children’s and family entertainment products and properties by consumers in diverse markets around the world
with different tastes and preferences. As such, our success depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and preferences in multiple markets and geographies and to design product and entertainment
offerings that can achieve popularity globally over a broad and diverse consumer audience. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully develop and market products with global appeal. 

The challenge of continuously developing and offering products and storytelling experiences that are sought after by
children is compounded by the sophistication of today’s children and the increasing array of technology and entertainment offerings available to them. 

Children are increasingly utilizing electronic offerings such as tablet devices and mobile phones and they are expanding their interests to a wider array of innovative, technology-driven entertainment products and
digital and social media offerings at younger and younger ages. Our products compete with the offerings of consumer electronics companies, digital media and social media companies. To meet this challenge we, and our competitors, are designing
and marketing products which incorporate increasing technology, seek to integrate digital and analog play, and aim to capitalize on new play patterns and increased consumption of digital and social media. 

With the increasing array of competitive entertainment offerings, there is no guarantee that: 

•

 Any of our brands, products or product lines will achieve popularity or continue to be popular; 

12 

Table of Contents

•

 Any property for which we have a significant license will achieve or sustain popularity; 

•

 Any new products or product lines we introduce will be considered interesting to consumers and achieve an adequate market acceptance; or

•

 Any product’s life cycle or sales quantities will be sufficient to permit us to profitably recover our development, manufacturing, marketing, royalties
(including royalty advances and guarantees) and other costs of producing, marketing and selling the product. 

Storytelling across media is an increasingly important factor for driving brand awareness and successfully building brands. 

Entertainment media, in forms such as television, motion pictures, digital content and other media, have become increasingly important platforms for
consumers to experience our brands and our partners’ brands and the success, or lack of success, of such media efforts can significantly impact the demand for our products and our financial performance. We spend considerable resources in
designing and developing products in conjunction with planned media releases, both by our partners and our own media releases. Not only our efforts, but the efforts of third parties, such as motion picture studios with whom we work, heavily impact
the timing of media development, release dates and the ultimate consumer interest in and success of these media efforts. 

In 2017, we
developed and marketed significant product lines tied to the scheduled motion picture releases by key partners of DISNEY’S BEAUTY AND THE BEAST, MARVEL’S GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2, SPIDERMAN: HOMECOMING, THOR:RAGNOROK and STAR
WARS: THE LAST JEDI. For 2018, we are developing and marketing significant product lines tied to the scheduled motion picture releases by key partners of a number of properties, including BLACK PANTHER, AVENGERS: INFINITY WARS, SOLO: A STAR WARS
STORY and ANT-MAN AND THE WASP. Those motion pictures are all being developed and released by our partners and our partners control the content and schedule for such motion pictures. Other key partner product
lines we are offering, such as BEYBLADE and YOKAI-WATCH, depend on television support by our partners for their successes. Similarly, we are developing and marketing products for entertainment we play a more active role in developing or develop
ourselves, such as TRANSFORMERS, MY LITTLE PONY and BUMBLEBEE. If those motion pictures, television shows, or any other key entertainment content for which we develop and market products are not as successful as we and our partners anticipate, our
revenues and earnings will fall. As an example, in the fourth quarter of 2017 our sales of products related to STAR WARS: THE LAST JEDI were significantly below our expectations and that was a factor that caused us to miss our revenue expectations
for that quarter. 

The ultimate timing and success of such projects is critically dependent on the efforts and schedules of our
licensors, and studio and media partners. We do not fully control when or if any particular motion picture projects will be greenlit, developed or released, and our licensors or media partners may change their plans with respect to projects and
release dates or cancel development all together. This can make it difficult for us to get feature films developed, plan future entertainment slates and to successfully develop and market products in conjunction with future motion picture and
other media releases, given the lengthy lead times involved in product development and successful marketing efforts, and the fact that third party partners of ours may decide not to develop such entertainment. 

When we say that products or brands will be supported by certain media releases, those statements are based on our current plans and expectations.
Unforeseen factors may increase the cost of these releases, delay these media releases or even lead to their cancellation. Any delay or cancellation of planned product development work, introductions, or media support may decrease the number of
products we sell and harm our business. 

Lack of sufficient consumer interest in entertainment media we
produce or for which we offer products can harm our business. 

Motion pictures, television, digital content or other media we produce or for
which we develop products may not be as popular with consumers as we anticipated. While it is difficult to anticipate what products may be sought after by consumers, it can be even more difficult to properly predict the popularity of media
efforts and properties given the broad array of competing offerings. If our or our partners’ media efforts, and related product offerings, fail to garner sufficient consumer interest and acceptance, our revenues and the financial return from
such efforts will be harmed. 

Under the relationship we entered with Paramount in October 2017 we plan to play a bigger role in the
production and financing of motion pictures based on our properties. That has the advantage of giving us more input to what properties are developed into motion pictures and when, and can allow us to earn a greater return from successful films, but
it also increases the money we will directly spend on film production and puts that 

13 

Table of Contents

investment at risk. If our motion pictures are not as successful as we anticipate they will be, or if we are not able to produce and distribute films according to the schedule we have planned,
our financial performance will be negatively impacted. 

Discovery Family Channel, our cable television joint venture with Discovery
Communications, Inc. in the United States, competes with a number of other children’s television networks for viewers, advertising revenue and distribution fees. There is no guarantee that Discovery Family Channel will be successful. Similarly,
Hasbro Studios’ programming distributed both domestically and internationally, Allspark Animation and Allspark Pictures releases and Backflip Studio’s digital products compete with content from many other parties. Lack of consumer interest
in and acceptance of content developed by Hasbro Studios, Allspark Animation, Allspark Pictures and Backflip Studios, or other content appearing on Discovery Family Channel, and products related to that content, could significantly harm our
business. Similarly, our business could be harmed by greater than expected costs, or unexpected delays or difficulties, associated with our investment in Discovery Family Channel, such as difficulties in increasing subscribers to the network or in
building advertising revenues for Discovery Family Channel. During 2017 we spent $48.0 million for television programming and film projects being developed by Hasbro Studios and we anticipate that we will continue spending at comparable or
higher levels in 2018 and future years. 

At December 31, 2017, $238.0 million, or 4.5%, of our total assets, represented our
investments in the Discovery Family Channel. If the Discovery Family Channel is not successful our investments may become impaired, which could result in a write-down through net earnings. 

The children’s and family entertainment industry and consumer products industry are highly competitive and the
barriers to entry are low. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors or with our retailers’ private label toy products our revenues, market share and profitability could decline. 

The children’s and family entertainment industry and the consumer products industry are, and will continue to be, highly competitive. We
compete in the United States and internationally with a wide array of large and small manufacturers, marketers, and sellers of analog toys and games, digital gaming products, digital media, products which combine analog and digital play, and other
entertainment and consumer products, as well as with retailers who offer such products under their own private labels. In addition, we compete with other companies who are focused on building their brands across multiple product and consumer
categories. Across our business, we face competitors who are constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes and trends, seeking ideas which will appeal to consumers and introducing new products that compete with our products for
consumer acceptance and purchase. 

In addition to existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the children’s
and family entertainment industry and in the consumer products industry are low, and the increasing importance of digital media, and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer interest, has further increased the ability for new
participants to enter our markets, and has broadened the array of companies we compete with. New participants with a popular product idea or entertainment property can gain access to consumers and become a significant source of competition for our
products in a very short period of time. These existing and new competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences. Our competitors’ products may achieve greater market acceptance than our products
and potentially reduce demand for our products, lower our revenues and lower our profitability. 

In recent years, retailers have also
developed their own private-label products that directly compete with the products of traditional manufacturers and brand owners. Some retail chains that are our customers sell private-label children’s and family entertainment products
designed, manufactured and branded by the retailers themselves. These products may be sold at prices lower than our prices for comparable products, which may result in lower purchases of our products by these retailers and may reduce our market
share. 

An inability to develop and introduce planned products, product lines and new brands in a timely
and cost-effective manner may damage our business. 

In developing products, product lines and new brands we have anticipated dates for the
associated product and brand introductions. When we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product, product line or brand at a certain time in the future those expectations are based on completing the associated
development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. There is no guarantee that we will be able to manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in a timely manner and on a
cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers’ compressed shipping schedules and the seasonality of our business. Further, ecommerce is growing significantly and accounting
for a higher portion of the ultimate sales of our products to 

14 

Table of Contents

consumers. Ecommerce retailers tend to hold less inventory and take inventory closer to the time of sale to consumers than traditional retailers. The risk is also exacerbated by the increasing
sophistication of many of the products we are designing, and brands we are developing in terms of combining digital and analog technologies, utilizing digital media to a greater degree, and providing greater innovation and product
differentiation. Unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand for our products and new brands may cause the introduction date
for products to be later than anticipated, may reduce or eliminate the profitability of such products or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued. 

Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly impact our reported financial performance.

Our global operations mean we produce and buy products, and sell products, in many different jurisdictions with many different
currencies. As a result, if the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and a local currency for an international market in which we have significant sales or operations changes, our financial results as reported in U.S. dollars, may be
meaningfully impacted even if our business in the local currency is not significantly affected. As an example, if the dollar appreciates 10% relative to a local currency for an international market in which we had $200 million of net revenues,
the dollar value of those sales, as they are translated into U.S. dollars, would decrease by $20 million in our consolidated financial results. As such, we would recognize a $20 million decrease in our net revenues, even if the actual
level of sales in the foreign market had not changed. Similarly, our expenses can be significantly impacted, in U.S. dollar terms, by exchange rates, meaning the profitability of our business in U.S. dollar terms can be negatively impacted
by exchange rate movements which we do not control. During 2015 and 2016, certain key currencies, such as the Euro, Russian Ruble, and Brazilian Real depreciated significantly compared to the U.S. dollar. This depreciation had a significant negative
impact on our revenues and earnings. Depreciation in key currencies during 2018 and beyond may have a significant negative impact on our revenues and earnings as they are reported in U.S. dollars. 

Global and regional economic downturns that negatively impact the retail and credit markets, or that otherwise damage
the financial health of our retail customers and consumers, can harm our business and financial performance. 

We design,
manufacture and market a wide variety of entertainment and consumer products worldwide through sales to our retail customers and directly to consumers. Our financial performance is impacted by the level of discretionary consumer spending in the
markets in which we operate. Recessions, credit crises and other economic downturns, or disruptions in credit markets, in the United States and in other markets in which our products are marketed and sold can result in lower levels of economic
activity, lower employment levels, less consumer disposable income, and lower consumer confidence. Similarly, reductions in the value of key assets held by consumers, such as their homes or stock market investments, can lower consumer confidence and
consumer spending power. Any of these factors can reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our products. This in turn can reduce our revenues and harm our financial performance and profitability. 

In addition to experiencing potentially lower revenues from our products during times of economic difficulty, in an effort to maintain sales during
such times we may need to reduce the price of our products, increase our promotional spending and/or sales allowances, or take other steps to encourage retailer and consumer purchase of our products. Those steps may lower our net revenues or
increase our costs, thereby decreasing our operating margins and lowering our profitability. 

As an example of these risks, our revenues
and profitability for 2017 were negatively impacted by economic downturns and resulting lower sales of our products in the United Kingdom and in Brazil. The economic downturn in the United Kingdom was partly caused by uncertainly around Brexit. If
these markets, or other significant markets, experience economic difficulties in 2018 it can harm our business and financial results. 

An increasing portion of our business is expected to come from emerging markets, and growing business in emerging markets presents additional challenges. 

We expect an increasing portion of our net revenues to come from emerging markets in the future, including Eastern Europe, Latin America, Africa and
Asia. In 2017 revenues in emerging markets constituted approximately 14% of our net revenues, up from only 6% of our net revenues in 2010. Over time, we expect our emerging market net revenues to continue to grow both in absolute terms and as a
percentage of our overall business as one of our key business strategies is to increase our presence in emerging and underserved international markets. Operating in an increasing number of markets, each with its own unique consumer preferences
and business climates, presents additional challenges that we must meet. In addition to the need to successfully anticipate and serve different 

15 

Table of Contents

global consumer preferences and interests, sales and operations in emerging markets that we have entered, may enter, or may increase our presence in, are subject to other risks associated with
international operations, including: 

•

 Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws and
regulations that impact our product offerings and related enforcement; 

•

 Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions; 

•

 Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite different from the
United States; 

•

 Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and interruptions;
and 

•

 The imposition of tariffs, border adjustment taxes, quotas, or other protectionist measures. 

Because of the importance of our emerging market net revenues, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if any of the risks
described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our emerging market business. 

Our business depends in large part on the success of our key partner brands and on our ability to maintain and extend
solid relationships with our key partners. 

As part of our strategy, in addition to developing and marketing products based on