.

Forward-Looking Information and Risk Factors That May Affect Future Results 

From time to time, including in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our annual report to shareholders, we publish “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These “forward-looking statements” may relate to such matters as our business and marketing strategies, anticipated financial performance or
business prospects in future periods, including with respect to our planned cost savings initiative, expected technological and product developments, the expected content of and timing for scheduled new product introductions or our expectations
concerning the future acceptance of products by customers, the content and timing of planned entertainment releases including motion pictures, television and digital products; and marketing and promotional efforts, research and development
activities, liquidity, and similar matters. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements. These statements
may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “looking forward,” “may,” “planned,”
“potential,” “should,” “will” and “would” or any variations of words with similar meanings. We note that a variety of factors could cause our actual results and experience to differ materially from the
anticipated results or other expectations expressed or anticipated in our forward-looking statements. The factors listed below are illustrative and other risks and uncertainties may arise as are or may be detailed from time to time in our public
announcements and our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. We undertake no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our
annual report to shareholders to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of the filing of this report. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all dollar or share amounts herein are expressed in thousands of dollars or shares,
except for per share amounts. 

We are focusing our global efforts around our brand architecture, which includes a
heightened emphasis and reliance on our franchise and key partner brands. 

We have made a strategic decision to focus
on fewer, larger global brands as we build our business. We are moving away from SKU making behaviors, which involve building a large number of products across many brands, towards global brand building with an emphasis on our franchise and
partner brands, which we view as 

11 

Table of Contents

having the largest global potential. As we concentrate our efforts on a more select group of brands, our future success depends to a greater extent on our ability to successfully develop
those brands across our brand blueprint and to maintain and extend the reach and relevance of those brands to global consumers in a wide array of markets. In 2014 revenues from our seven franchise brands, LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE
GATHERING, MONOPOLY, NERF, MY LITTLE PONY, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS, totaled 55% of our aggregate net revenues. Our key partner brands, such as DISNEY, MARVEL, LUCASFILM, SESAME STREET and ROVIO, also constitute a significant portion of our
overall business. Together our franchise and partner brands are critical to our business. If we are unable to successfully execute this strategy and to maintain and develop our franchise and key partner brands in the future, such that our product
offerings based on these brands are not sought after by consumers to the extent required to maintain and grow those brands, our revenues and profits will decline and our business performance will be harmed. 

Consumer interests change rapidly, making it difficult to design and develop products which will be popular with children and
families. 

The interests of children and families evolve extremely quickly and can change dramatically from year to
year. To be successful we must correctly anticipate the types of entertainment content, products and play patterns which will capture children’s and families’ interests and imagination and quickly develop and introduce innovative products
which can compete successfully for consumers’ limited time, attention and spending. This challenge is more difficult with the ever increasing utilization of technology and digital media in entertainment offerings, and the increasing
breadth of entertainment available to consumers. Evolving consumer tastes and shifting interests, coupled with an ever changing and expanding pipeline of entertainment and consumer properties and products which compete for children’s and
families’ interest and acceptance, create an environment in which some products can fail to achieve consumer acceptance, and other products can be popular during a certain period of time but then be rapidly replaced. As a result, individual
child and family entertainment products and properties often have short consumer life cycles. If we devote time and resources to developing entertainment and products that consumers do not find interesting enough to buy in significant
quantities to be profitable to us, our revenues and profits may decline and our business performance may be damaged. Similarly, if our product offerings and entertainment fail to correctly anticipate consumer interests our revenues and earnings will
be reduced. 

Additionally, our business is increasingly global and depends on interest in and acceptance of our child and
family entertainment products and properties by consumers in diverse markets around the world with different tastes and preferences. As such, our success depends on our ability to successfully predict and adapt to changing consumer tastes and
preferences in multiple markets and geographies and to design product and entertainment offerings that can achieve popularity globally over a broad and diverse consumer audience. 

The challenge of continuously developing and offering products that are sought after by children is compounded by the
sophistication of today’s children and the increasing array of technology and entertainment offerings available to them. 

Children are increasingly utilizing electronic offerings such as tablet devices and mobile phones and they are expanding their interests to a wider array of innovative, technology-driven entertainment
products and digital and social media offerings at younger and younger ages. Our products compete with the offerings of consumer electronics companies, digital media and social media companies. To meet this challenge we, and our competitors,
are designing and marketing products which incorporate increasing technology, seek to combine digital and analog play, and capitalize on new play patterns and increased consumption of digital and social media. 

With the increasing array of competitive entertainment offerings, there is no guarantee that: 

•

 Any of our brands, products or product lines will achieve popularity or continue to be popular; 

•

 Any property for which we have a significant license will achieve or sustain popularity; 

•

 Any new products or product lines we introduce will be considered interesting to consumers and achieve an adequate market acceptance; or

12 

Table of Contents

•

 Any product’s life cycle or sales quantities will be sufficient to permit us to profitably recover our development, manufacturing, marketing,
royalties (including royalty advances and guarantees) and other costs of producing, marketing and selling the product. 

Entertainment is an increasingly important success factor for our brand awareness, storytelling and brand building. 

Entertainment media, in forms such as television, motion pictures, digital products, digital shorts, DVD releases and other media, have become increasingly important platforms for consumers to experience
our brands and our partners’ brands and the success, or lack of success, of such media efforts can significantly impact the demand for our products and our financial success. We spend considerable resources in designing and developing products
in conjunction with planned media releases, both by our partners and our own media releases. Not only our efforts, but the efforts of third parties, heavily impact the timing of media development, release dates and the ultimate consumer interest in
and success of these media efforts. 

For 2015 we are developing and marketing significant product lines tied to the scheduled
motion picture releases by key partners of AVENGERS: 
AGE OF ULTRON, 
JURASSIC WORLD and 
STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS. Those motion pictures are all being developed and released by our partners and our partners control the
content and schedule for such motion pictures. Similarly, we are developing and marketing products for entertainment we play a more active role in developing or develop ourselves. If those motion pictures, or any other key entertainment content for
which we develop and market products are not as successful as we and our partners anticipate, our revenues and earnings will be reduced. 

The ultimate timing and success of such projects is critically dependent on the efforts and schedules of our licensors, and studio and media partners. We do not fully control when or if any
particular motion picture projects will be greenlit, developed or released, and our licensors or media partners may change their plans with respect to projects and release dates or cancel development all together. This can make it difficult for
us to get feature films developed, plan future entertainment slates and to successfully develop and market products in conjunction with future motion picture and other media releases, given the lengthy lead times involved in product development and
successful marketing efforts. 

When we say that products or brands will be supported by certain media releases, those
statements are based on our current plans and expectations. Unforeseen factors may increase the cost of these releases, delay these media releases or even lead to their cancellation. Any delay or cancellation of planned product development work,
introductions, or media support may decrease the number of products we sell and harm our business. 

Lack of sufficient
consumer interest in entertainment media for which we offer products can harm our business. 

Motion pictures,
television, digital products or other media for which we develop products may not be as popular with consumers as we anticipated. While it is difficult to anticipate what products may be sought after by consumers, it can be even more difficult
to properly predict the popularity of media efforts and properties given the broad array of competing offerings. If our and our partners’ media efforts fail to garner sufficient consumer interest and acceptance, our revenues and the financial
return from such efforts will be harmed. 

Discovery Family Channel, our cable television joint venture with Discovery
Communications, Inc. in the United States, competes with a number of other children’s television networks for viewers, advertising revenue and distribution fees. There is no guarantee that Discovery Family Channel will be successful. Similarly,
Hasbro Studios’ programming distributed internationally and Backflip Studio’s digital products compete with content from many other parties. Lack of consumer interest in and acceptance of content developed by Hasbro Studios and Backflip
Studios, or other content appearing on Discovery Family Channel, and products related to that content, could significantly harm our business. Similarly, our business could be harmed by greater than expected costs, or unexpected delays or
difficulties, associated with our investment in Discovery Family Channel, such as difficulties in increasing subscribers to the network or in building advertising revenues for Discovery Family Channel. During 2014 the Company spent $31,424 for
programming developed by Hasbro Studios and anticipates that it will continue spending at comparable levels in 2015 and future years. 

13 

Table of Contents

At December 28, 2014, $244,587, or 5.4%, of our total assets, represented our
investment in Discovery Family Channel. If Discovery Family Channel does not achieve success, or if there are subsequent declines in the success or profitability of the channel, then our investment may become impaired, which could result in a
write-down through net earnings. 

The children’s and family entertainment industry is highly competitive and the
barriers to entry are low. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing or new competitors or with our retailer’s private label toy products our revenues, market share and profitability could decline. 

The children’s and family entertainment industry is, and will continue to be, highly competitive. We compete in the United
States and internationally with a wide array of large and small manufacturers, marketers, and sellers of analog toys and games, digital gaming products, digital media, products which combine analog and digital play, and other entertainment and
consumer products, as well as with retailers who offer such products under their own private labels. We face competitors who are constantly monitoring and attempting to anticipate consumer tastes and trends, seeking ideas which will appeal to
consumers and introducing new products that compete with our products for consumer acceptance and purchase. 

In addition to
existing competitors, the barriers to entry for new participants in the children’s and family entertainment industry are low, and the increasing importance of digital media, and the heightened connection between digital media and consumer
interest, has further increased the ability for new participants to enter our markets, and has broadened the array of companies we compete with. New participants with a popular product idea or entertainment property can gain access to consumers and
become a significant source of competition for our products in a very short period of time. These existing and new competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than us to changes in consumer preferences. Our competitors’ products may
achieve greater market acceptance than our products and potentially reduce demand for our products, lower our revenues and lower our profitability. 

In recent years, retailers have also developed their own private-label products that directly compete with the products of traditional manufacturers. Some retail chains that are our customers sell
private-label children’s and family entertainment products designed, manufactured and branded by the retailers themselves. These products may be sold at prices lower than our prices for comparable products, which may result in lower
purchases of our products by these retailers and may reduce our market share. 

An inability to develop and introduce
planned products, product lines and new brands in a timely and cost-effective manner may damage our business. 

In
developing products, product lines and new brands we have anticipated dates for the associated product and brand introductions. When we state that we will introduce, or anticipate introducing, a particular product, product line or brand at a certain
time in the future those expectations are based on completing the associated development, implementation, and marketing work in accordance with our currently anticipated development schedule. There is no guarantee that we will be able to
manufacture, source and ship new or continuing products in a timely manner and on a cost-effective basis to meet constantly changing consumer demands. This risk is heightened by our customers’ compressed shipping schedules and the
seasonality of our business. The risk is also exacerbated by the increasing sophistication of many of the products we are designing, and brands we are developing in terms of combining digital and analog technologies, utilizing digital media to
a greater degree, and providing greater innovation and product differentiation. Unforeseen delays or difficulties in the development process, significant increases in the planned cost of development, or changes in anticipated consumer demand
for our products and new brands may cause the introduction date for products to be later than anticipated or, in some situations, may cause a product or new brand introduction to be discontinued. 

Changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly impact our reported financial performance. 

Our global operations mean we produce and buy products, and sell products, in many different jurisdictions with many different
currencies. As a result, if the exchange rate between the United States dollar and a local currency for an international market in which we have significant sales or operations changes, our financial results as reported in U.S. dollars,
may be meaningfully impacted even if our business in the local currency is not 

14 

Table of Contents

significantly affected. As an example, if the dollar appreciates 10% relative to a local currency for an international market in which we had $200 million of net revenues, the dollar value
of those sales, as they are translated into U.S. dollars, would decrease by $20 million in our consolidated financial results. As such, we would recognize a $20 million decrease in our net revenues, even if the actual level of sales
in the foreign market had not changed. Similarly, our expenses can be significantly impacted, in U.S. dollar terms, by exchange rates, meaning the profitability of our business in U.S. dollar terms can be negatively impacted by exchange
rate movements which we do not control. Late in 2014 certain key currencies, such as the Euro, Russian Ruble, and Brazilian Real depreciated significantly compared to the U.S. dollar. This depreciation had a significant negative impact on our 2014
revenues and earnings. Similar depreciation in key currencies during 2015 may have a significant negative impact on our revenues and earnings as they are reported in U.S. dollars. 

United States, global and regional economic downturns that negatively impact the retail and credit markets, or that otherwise
damage the financial health of our retail customers and consumers, can harm our business and financial performance. 

We
design, manufacture and market a wide variety of entertainment and consumer products worldwide through sales to our retail customers and directly to consumers. Our financial performance is impacted by the level of discretionary consumer
spending in the markets in which we operate. Recessions, credit crises and other economic downturns, or disruptions in credit markets, in the United States and in other markets in which our products are marketed and sold can result in lower
levels of economic activity, lower employment levels, less consumer disposable income, and lower consumer confidence. Similarly, reductions in the value of key assets held by consumers, such as their homes or stock market investments, can lower
consumer confidence and consumer spending power. Any of these factors can reduce the amount which consumers spend on the purchase of our products. This in turn can reduce our revenues and harm our financial performance and profitability. 

In addition to experiencing potentially lower revenues from our products during times of economic difficulty, in an effort to maintain
sales during such times we may need to reduce the price of our products, increase our promotional spending and/or sales allowances, or take other steps to encourage retailer and consumer purchase of our products. Those steps may lower our net
revenues or increase our costs, thereby decreasing our operating margins and lowering our profitability. 

Challenging
market conditions in certain developed economies, such as in the United States, Canada, Australia and certain Western European countries, make it more difficult for us to succeed. 

Our future success in the United States, Canada, Australia, Europe and other developed economies is impacted by market conditions. For
example, a European sovereign debt crisis or other significant negative shock to European markets could lead to a recession in Europe, which may negatively impact consumers and in turn, sales of our products in the European markets. Similar
negative events impacting the market in the United States and other developed economies may harm our business. 

Many categories
within the toy, game and family entertainment industries in the United States, Canada, Australia, certain Western European countries and other developed economies have not grown, or in some cases have even declined, in recent years. In
addition, many current economic predictions suggest developed economies may grow only modestly, if at all, in the next several years. We have substantial business in developed economies, and these markets represent a majority of our current product
sales. It is more difficult for us to grow, or even maintain, our business when the overall market in certain of the major countries we serve is not growing or is declining. To succeed in a market that is stable or declining, we must maintain
or gain market share from our competitors, which is more difficult than growing in an expanding market. As long as economic conditions in the developed economies remain difficult, this will be an additional challenge for the Company.

An increasing portion of our business is expected to come from emerging markets, and growing business in emerging
markets presents additional challenges. 

We expect an increasing portion of our net revenues to come from emerging
markets, including Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia. In 2014 revenues in emerging markets constituted approximately 16% of our net 

15 

Table of Contents

revenues, up from only 6% of our net revenues in 2010. Over time, we expect our emerging market net revenues to continue to grow both in absolute terms and as a percentage of our overall
business as one of our key business strategies is to increase our presence in emerging and underserved international markets. Operating in an increasing number of markets, each with its own unique consumer preferences and business climates,
presents additional challenges that we must meet. In addition to the need to successfully anticipate and serve different global consumer preferences and interests, sales and operations in emerging markets that we have entered, may enter, or may
increase our presence in, are subject to other risks associated with international operations, including: 

•

 Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws
and regulations that impact our product offerings and related enforcement; 

•

 Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions; 

•

 Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite
different from the United States; 

•

 Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and
interruptions; and 

•

 The imposition of tariffs, quotas, or other protectionist measures. 

Because of the importance of our emerging market net revenues, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed if any of
the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our emerging market business. 

Our business depends in large part on the success of our key partner brands and on our ability to maintain and extend solid
relationships with our key partners. 

As part of our strategy, in addition to developing and marketing products based
on properties we own or control, we also seek to obtain licenses enabling us to develop and market products based on popular entertainment properties owned by third parties. 

We currently have in-licenses to several successful entertainment properties, including MARVEL and STAR WARS, owned by Disney, as well as SESAME STREET and ROVIO. These licenses typically have
multi-year terms and provide us with the right to market and sell designated classes of products. In recent years our sales of products under the MARVEL, STAR WARS, SESAME STREET and ROVIO licenses have been highly significant to our
business. If we fail to meet our contractual commitments and/or any of these licenses were to terminate and not be renewed, or the popularity of any of these licensed properties was to significantly decline, our business would be damaged and we
would need to successfully develop and market other products to replace the products previously offered under license. In 2015 we anticipate offering products based on the DISNEY DESCENDANTS brand as well and beginning in 2016, we anticipate
offering products based on the DISNEY PRINCESS and FROZEN brands. 

Our license to the MARVEL property is granted from Marvel
Entertainment, LLC and Marvel Characters B.V. (together “Marvel”). Our license to the STAR WARS property is granted by Lucas Licensing Ltd. and Lucasfilm Ltd. (together “Lucas”). Both Marvel and Lucas are owned by The
Walt Disney Company. 

Our business is seasonal and therefore our annual operating results will depend, in large part, on
our sales during the relatively brief holiday shopping season. This seasonality is exacerbated by retailers’ quick response inventory management techniques. 

Sales of our toys, games and other family entertainment products at retail are extremely seasonal, with a majority of retail sales occurring during the period from September through December in
anticipation of the holiday season, including Christmas. This seasonality has increased over time, as retailers become more efficient in their control of inventory levels through quick response inventory management techniques. Customers are timing
their orders so that they are being filled by suppliers, such as us, closer to the time of purchase by 

16 

Table of Contents

consumers. For toys, games and other family entertainment products which we produce, a majority of retail sales for the entire year generally occur in the fourth quarter, close to the holiday
season. As a consequence, the majority of our sales to our customers occur in the period from September through December, as our customers do not want to maintain large on-hand inventories throughout the year ahead of consumer demand. While these
techniques reduce a retailer’s investment in inventory, they increase pressure on suppliers like us to fill orders promptly and thereby shift a significant portion of inventory risk and carrying costs to the supplier. 

The level of inventory carried by retailers may also reduce or delay retail sales resulting in lower revenues for us. If we or our
customers determine that one of our products is more popular at retail than was originally anticipated, we may not have sufficient time to produce and ship enough additional products to fully meet consumer demand. Additionally, the logistics of
supplying more and more product within shorter time periods increases the risk that we will fail to achieve tight and compressed shipping schedules, which also may reduce our sales and harm our financial performance. This seasonal pattern requires
significant use of working capital, mainly to manufacture or acquire inventory during the portion of the year prior to the holiday season, and requires accurate forecasting of demand for products during the holiday season in order to avoid losing
potential sales of popular products or producing excess inventory of products that are less popular with consumers. Our failure to accurately predict and respond to consumer demand, resulting in our under producing popular items and/or overproducing
less popular items, would reduce our total sales and harm our results of operations. In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, we would be significantly and adversely affected, in a manner disproportionate to the impact on a
company with sales spread more evenly throughout the year, by unforeseen events such as a terrorist attack or economic shock that harm the retail environment or consumer buying patterns during our key selling season, or by events such as strikes or
port delays that interfere with the shipment of goods, particularly from the Far East, during the critical months leading up to the holiday shopping season. 

The concentration of our retail customer base means that economic difficulties or changes in the purchasing or promotional policies or patterns of our major customers could have a significant impact
on us. 

We depend upon a relatively small retail customer base to sell the majority of our products. For the fiscal
year ended December 28, 2014, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Toys “R” Us, Inc. and Target Corporation, accounted for approximately 16%, 9% and 8%, respectively, of our consolidated net revenues and our five largest customers, including
Wal-Mart, Toys “R” Us and Target, in the aggregate accounted for approximately 38% of our consolidated net revenues. In the U.S. and Canada segment, approximately 59% of the net revenues of the segment were derived from our top three
customers. If one or more of our major customers were to experience difficulties in fulfilling their obligations to us, cease doing business with us, significantly reduce the amount of their purchases from us, favor competitors or new entrants,
increase their direct competition with us by expanding their private-label business, change their purchasing patterns, alter the manner in which they promote our products or the resources they devote to promoting and selling our products, or return
substantial amounts of our products, it could significantly harm our sales, profitability and financial condition. Customers make no binding long-term commitments to us regarding purchase volumes and make all purchases by delivering purchase
orders. Any customer could reduce its overall purchase of our products, and reduce the number and variety of our products that it carries and the shelf space allotted for our products. In addition, increased concentration among our customers
could also negatively impact our ability to negotiate higher sales prices for our products and could result in lower gross margins than would otherwise be obtained if there were less consolidation among our customers. Furthermore, the bankruptcy or
other lack of success of one or more of our significant retail customers could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. 

Part of our strategy to remain relevant to children and families is to offer innovative products incorporating greater technology and which combine digital and analog play. These products can be
more difficult and expensive to design and manufacture, margins on some portion of these products are lower than more traditional toys and games and such products may have short life spans. 

As children have grown “older younger” and have otherwise become interested in more and more sophisticated and adult products,
such as video games, consumer electronics and social and digital media, at 

17 

Table of Contents

younger and younger ages, we have sought to keep our products relevant and interesting for these consumers. One initiative we have pursued to capture the interest of children is to offer
innovative children’s electronic toy and game products. Increasing the marriage between digital and analog gaming and increasing the technology in our gaming products is another key for our future strategy. These electronic and digital
products, if successful, can be an effective way for us to connect with consumers and increase our sales. However, children’s electronic and digital products, in addition to the risks associated with our other family entertainment products,
also face certain additional risks. 

Our costs for designing, developing and producing electronic and digital products, or
products that combine digital and analog technology, tend to be higher than for many of our other more traditional products, such as board games and action figures. The ability to recoup these higher costs through sufficient sales quantities and to
reflect higher costs in higher prices is constrained by heavy competition in consumer electronics and entertainment products, and can be further constrained by difficult economic conditions. As a consequence, our margins on the sales of these
products can be lower than for more traditional products and we can face increased risk of not achieving sales sufficient to recover our costs. Additionally, designing, developing and producing electronic and digital products requires different
competencies and follows different timelines than traditional toys and games. Delays in the design, development or production of electronic or digital products incorporated into or associated with traditional toys and games could have a
significant impact on our ability to successfully offer such projects. In addition, the pace of change in product offerings and consumer tastes in the electronics and digital gaming areas is potentially even greater than for our other products.
This pace of change means that the window in which a product can achieve and maintain consumer interest may be even shorter than traditional toys and games. 

Our substantial sales and manufacturing operations outside the United States subject us to risks associated with international operations. 

We operate facilities and sell products in numerous countries outside the United States. For the year ended December 28, 2014, our
net revenues from the International segment comprised approximately 47% of our total consolidated net revenues. We expect our sales to international customers to continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues. In fact, over time, we
expect our international sales and operations to continue to grow both in absolute terms and as a percentage of our overall business as one of our key business strategies is to increase our presence in emerging and underserved international markets.
Additionally, as we discuss below, we utilize third-party manufacturers located in the Far East to produce the substantial majority of our products, and we have a manufacturing facility in Ireland. These sales and manufacturing operations, including
operations in emerging markets that we have entered, may enter, or may increase our presence in, are subject to the risks associated with international operations, including: 

•

 Currency conversion risks and currency fluctuations; 

•

 Limitations on the repatriation of earnings; 

•

 Potential challenges to our transfer pricing determinations and other aspects of our cross border transactions, which can materially increase our taxes
and other costs of doing business; 

•

 Political instability, civil unrest and economic instability; 

•

 Greater difficulty enforcing intellectual property rights and weaker laws protecting such rights; 

•

 Complications in complying with different laws in varying jurisdictions and in dealing with changes in governmental policies and the evolution of laws
and regulations and related enforcement; 

•

 Difficulties understanding the retail climate, consumer trends, local customs and competitive conditions in foreign markets which may be quite
different from the United States; 

•

 Natural disasters and the greater difficulty and cost in recovering therefrom; 

•

 Transportation delays and interruptions; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 Difficulties in moving materials and products from one country to another, including port congestion, strikes and other transportation delays and
interruptions; 

•

 Increased investment and operational complexity to make our products compatible with systems in various countries and compliant with local laws;

•

 Changes in international labor costs and other costs of doing business internationally; and 

•

 The imposition of tariffs, quotas, or other protectionist measures. 

Because of the importance of our international sales and international sourcing of manufacturing to our business, our financial condition
and results of operations could be significantly harmed if any of the risks described above were to occur or if we are otherwise unsuccessful in managing our increasing global business. 

Other economic and public health conditions in the markets in which we operate, including rising commodity and fuel prices, higher
labor costs, increased transportation costs, outbreaks of public health pandemics or other diseases, or third party conduct could negatively impact our ability to produce and ship our products, and lower our revenues, margins and profitability.

Various economic and public health conditions can impact our ability to manufacture and deliver products in a timely
and cost-effective manner, or can otherwise have a significant negative impact on our revenues, profitability and business. 

Significant increases in the costs of other products which are required by consumers, such as gasoline, home heating fuels, or groceries,
may reduce household spending on the discretionary branded play entertainment products we offer. As we discussed above, weakened economic conditions, lowered employment levels or recessions in any of our major markets may significantly reduce
consumer purchases of our products. Economic conditions may also be negatively impacted by terrorist attacks, wars and other conflicts, natural disasters, increases in critical commodity prices or labor costs, or the prospect of such events. Such a
weakened economic and business climate, as well as consumer uncertainty created by such a climate, could harm our revenues and profitability. 

Our success and profitability not only depend on consumer demand for our products, but also on our ability to produce and sell those products at costs which allow for us to make a profit. Rising fuel and
raw material prices, for paperboard and other components such as resin used in plastics or electronic components, increased transportation costs, and increased labor costs in the markets in which our products are manufactured all may increase the
costs we incur to produce and transport our products, which in turn may reduce our margins, reduce our profitability and harm our business. 

Other conditions, such as the unavailability of sufficient quantities of electrical components, may impede our ability to manufacture, source and ship new and continuing products on a timely basis.
Additional factors outside of our control could further delay our products or increase the cost we pay to produce such products. For example, work stoppages, slowdowns or strikes, an outbreak of a severe public health pandemic, a natural disaster or
the occurrence or threat of wars or other conflicts, all could impact our ability to manufacture or deliver product. Any of these factors could result in product delays, increased costs and/or lost sales for our products. 

We may not realize the full benefit of our licenses if the licensed material has less market appeal than expected or if revenue
from the licensed products is not sufficient to earn out the minimum guaranteed royalties. 

In addition to designing
and developing products based on our own brands, we seek to fulfill consumer preferences and interests by producing products based on popular entertainment properties developed by third parties and licensed to us. The success of entertainment