.

Changes In Interest Rates Could Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations And Financial Condition.

Our earnings may be adversely impacted by an increase in interest rates because the majority of
our interest-earning assets are long-term, fixed-rate mortgage-related assets that will not reprice
as long-term interest rates increase. In contrast, a majority of our interest-bearing liabilities
are expected to reprice as interest rates increase. At December 31, 2007, 80.4% of our loans with
contractual maturities of greater than one year had fixed rates of interest, and 99.6% of our total
loans had contractual maturities of five or more years. Overall, at December 31, 2007, 93.0% of
our total interest-earning assets had contractual maturities of more than five years. Conversely,
our interest-bearing liabilities generally have much shorter contractual maturities. A significant
portion of our deposits, including the $1.59 billion in our interest-bearing transaction accounts
as of December 31, 2007, have no contractual maturities and are likely to reprice quickly as
short-term interest rates increase. As of December 31, 2007, 95.4% of our time deposits will
mature within one year. Further, over the past year, we increased our level of borrowed funds,
which we believe to be a more cost-effective alternative to time deposits in the prevailing
interest rate environment. If we experience a rising interest rate environment where interest
rates increase above the interest rate for the borrowings, these borrowings will likely be called
at their next call date and our cost to replace these borrowings would likely increase. As of
December 31, 2007, 62.0% of our borrowed funds may be called by the lenders within one year.
Therefore, in an increasing rate environment, our cost of funds is expected to increase more
rapidly than the yields earned on our loan portfolio and securities portfolio. An increasing rate
environment is expected to cause a narrowing of our net interest rate spread and a decrease in our
earnings.

The Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank (“FOMC”) decreased the overnight
lending rate by 100 basis points to 4.25% during 2007 and continued to decrease the rate by an
additional 125 basis points in the first quarter of 2008. As a result, short-term market interest
rates continued to decrease. Longer-term market interest rates also decreased during the fourth
quarter of 2007, but at a slower pace than the short-term interest rates and, as a result, the
yield curve steepened. However, competitive pricing pressures prevented us from lowering our
deposit costs to the same extent as the decreases in the yield curve. As a result, our net
interest rate spread and net interest margin for the fourth quarter of 2007 were substantially
unchanged from the third quarter of 2007. We expect the operating environment to remain very
challenging as the Federal Reserve Board continues to focus their efforts on the current sub-prime
difficulties and the countervailing factors that could cause inflation. Interest rates will
continue to fluctuate, and we cannot predict future Federal Reserve Board actions or other factors
that will cause rates to change.

The yield curve returned to being positively sloped in June 2007. If the yield curve were to again
flatten, the spread between our cost of funds and the interest received on our loan and securities
portfolios would shrink. The yield curve would begin to flatten in the event that long term
interest rates declined or if short term market interest rates were to begin to increase through
the actions of the FOMC without a corresponding increase in long term rates. In the case of an
inverted yield curve, the cost of funds would be higher than the earnings generated from these
portfolios. As a result of the decreased spread from a flat or inverted yield curve, our net
interest income would decrease.

Page 48

Table of Contents

Also impacting our net interest income and net interest rate spread is the level of prepayment
activity on our mortgage-related assets. Mortgage prepayment rates will vary due to a number of
factors, including the regional economy where the mortgage loan or the underlying mortgages of the
mortgage-backed security were originated, seasonal factors and demographic variables. However, the
major factors affecting prepayment rates are the prevailing market interest rates, related mortgage
refinancing opportunities and competition. Generally, the level of prepayment activity directly
affects the yield earned on those assets, as the payments received on the interest-earning assets
will be reinvested at the prevailing market interest rate. In a rising interest rate environment,
prepayment rates tend to decrease and, therefore, the yield earned on our existing mortgage-related
assets will remain constant instead of increasing. This would adversely affect our net interest
margin and, therefore, our net interest income.

We monitor interest rate risk sensitivity through analysis of the change in net interest income and
net portfolio value, or NPV. NPV is defined as the net present value of the expected future cash
flows of an entity’s assets and liabilities. The Board of Directors of Hudson City Savings has
adopted an interest rate risk policy that defines the permissible range for the change in NPV under
certain interest rate shock scenarios. NPV is analyzed using a model that estimates changes in NPV
and net interest income in response to a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. The
OTS uses a similar model to monitor interest rate risk of all OTS-regulated institutions. If the
OTS, using its model, were to determine that our IRR is significantly higher than our internal
estimates indicate, the OTS may seek to have us operate at higher regulatory capital ratios than we
anticipate under our current growth strategy. Should that occur, we may not be able to continue
our historical pace of stock repurchases and our anticipated future growth could be limited. We
expect the OTS will continue to closely monitor the interest rate risk of Hudson City Savings.

Because We Compete Primarily On The Basis Of The Interest Rates We Offer Depositors And The Terms
Of Loans We Offer Borrowers, Our Margins Could Decrease If We Were Required To Increase Deposit
Rates Or Lower Interest Rates On Loans In Response To Competitive Pressures. 
We face intense
competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. The New Jersey and metropolitan New York
market areas have a high concentration of financial institutions, many of which are branches of
large money-center and regional banks. National competitors have significantly greater resources
than we do and may offer services that we do not provide such as trust and investment services.
Customers who seek “one stop shopping” may be drawn to these institutions.

We compete primarily on the basis of the rates we pay on deposits and the rates and other terms we
charge on the mortgage loans we originate or purchase, as well as the quality of our customer
service. Our competition for loans comes principally from mortgage banking firms, commercial
banks, savings institutions, credit unions, finance companies, insurance companies and brokerage
and investment banking firms operating locally and elsewhere. Some of the largest mortgage
originators in the country have significant operations in New Jersey. In addition, we purchase a
significant volume of mortgage loans in the wholesale markets, and our competition in these markets
also includes many other types of institutional investors located throughout the country. Price
competition for loans might result in us originating fewer loans or earning less on our loans.

Our most direct competition for deposits comes from commercial banks, savings banks, savings and
loan associations and credit unions. There are large money-center and regional financial
institutions operating throughout our market area, and we also face strong competition from other
community-based financial institutions. During 2007, the credit markets experienced a significant
loss of liquidity. This was due in part to the fallout from the sub-prime mortgage market. As a
result, many of our competitors sought to raise liquidity by offering customers premium rates on
deposits even as market interest rates decreased.

Page 49

Table of Contents

This affects our ability to attract new deposits and to reduce the cost of our deposits as market
interest rates decrease.

In response to the liquidity crisis caused in part by conditions in the sub-prime mortgage market,
on February 13, 2008, President Bush signed H.R. 5140: Economic Stimulus Act, which temporarily
raises the limit for conforming loans originated between July 1, 2007, and December 31, 2008, which
may be sold to FannieMae or FreddieMac. Although such levels have not yet been increased, if they
do, the liquidity provided by these two entities may permit other mortgage originators to begin to
compete or more aggressively compete with us for jumbo mortgage loans. This may impact our ability
to purchase and originate loans at the same levels to support our future growth.

We May Not Be Able To Successfully Implement Our Plans For Growth. 
Since our conversion to the
mutual holding company form of organization in 1999, we have experienced rapid and significant
growth. Our assets have grown from $8.52 billion at December 31, 1999 to $44.42 billion at
December 31, 2007. We acquired a significant amount of capital from the second-step conversion,
which we have used to continue implementing our growth strategy of building our core banking
business by originating and purchasing mortgage loans and funding this growth with customer
deposits and borrowings.

We also plan to continue with our de novo branching strategy and will consider expansion
opportunities through the acquisition of branches and other financial institutions, such as the
acquisition of Sound Federal in 2006. There can be no assurance, however, that we will continue to
experience such rapid growth, or any growth, in the future. Significant changes in interest rates
or the competition we face may make it difficult to attract the level of customer deposits needed
to fund our internal growth at projected levels. In addition, we may have difficulty finding
suitable sites for de novo branches. Our expansion plans may result in us opening branches in
geographic markets in which we have no previous experience, and, therefore, our ability to grow
effectively in those markets will be dependent on our ability to identify and retain management
personnel familiar with the new markets. Furthermore, any future acquisitions of branches or of
other financial institutions would present many challenges associated with integrating merged
institutions and expanding operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
adequately and profitably implement our possible future growth or that we will not have to incur
additional expenditures beyond current projections to support such growth.

The Geographic Concentration Of Our Loan Portfolio And Lending Activities Makes Us Vulnerable To A
Downturn In The Local Economy. 
Originating loans secured by residential real estate is our
primary business. Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing
economic conditions, either nationally or in our local New Jersey and metropolitan New York market
areas, including decreases in real estate values, adverse employment conditions, the monetary and
fiscal policies of the federal and state government and other significant external events. As of
December 31, 2007, approximately 67% of our loan portfolio was secured by properties located in New
Jersey, New York and Connecticut. Decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value
of property used as collateral for our loans. Adverse changes in the economy may also have a
negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans, which
would have an adverse impact on our earnings. In addition, if poor economic conditions result in
decreased demand for real estate loans, our profits may decrease because our
investment alternatives may earn less income for us than real estate loans.

During 2007, there has been a decline in the housing and real estate markets and in the general
economy, both nationally and locally with some reports indicating that the national economy is
bordering on a recession. Housing market conditions in the Northeast quadrant of the United
States, where most of our lending activity occurs, have deteriorated during 2007 as evidenced by
reduced levels of sales, increasing inventories of houses on the market, declining house prices and
an increase in the length of time houses

Page 50

Table of Contents

remain on the market. No assurance can be given that these conditions will improve or will not
worsen or that such conditions will not result in a decrease in our interest income, an increase in
our non-performing loans, an increase in our provision for loan losses or an adverse impact on our
loan losses.

The second half of 2007 has been highlighted by significant disruption and volatility in the
financial and capital marketplaces. This turbulence has been attributable to a variety of factors,
including the fallout associated with the sub-prime mortgage market. One aspect of this fallout
has been significant deterioration in the activity of the secondary residential mortgage market.
The disruptions have been exacerbated by the acceleration of the decline of the real estate and
housing market. No assurance can be given that these conditions will improve or will not worsen or
that such conditions will not result in a decrease in our interest income or an adverse impact on
our loan losses.

We operate in a highly regulated industry, which limits the manner and scope of our business
activities. 
We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination by the OTS and by
the FDIC. As a result, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, undertake
new investments and activities and obtain financing. This regulatory structure is designed
primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance funds and our depositors, and not to benefit
our stockholders. This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive
discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination
policies, including policies with respect to capital levels, the timing and amount of dividend
payments, the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for
regulatory purposes. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and
anti-terrorism laws. Government agencies have substantial discretion to impose significant
monetary penalties on institutions which fail to comply with these laws.