Our
net interest margin may contract further in the current interest rate environment and changes in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

During the first quarter of 2011 we completed the Restructuring Transaction which included the extinguishment of $12.5 billion of
structured putable borrowings funded by the sale of $8.66 billion of securities and $5.00 billion of new short-term fixed-maturity borrowings. During the fourth quarter of 2011, the Bank extinguished $4.3 billion of structured putable borrowings
with a weighted average cost of 4.21%. The extinguishment of the borrowings in the fourth quarter of 2011 was funded primarily by the Company’s existing cash position. This cash position was the result of the calls of investment securities and,
to a lesser extent, prepayments on mortgage-related assets. The Transactions were intended to reduce our level of interest rate risk and improve our net interest margin. While net interest margin has improved from the levels that we would have
experienced had we not completed the Transactions, the current protracted low interest rate environment will result in a continued trend of net interest margin compression. During this period of low market interest rates, elevated levels of
prepayments and refinancings have resulted in a decrease in the yields earned on our interest-earning assets while our interest-bearing liabilities are repricing at a slower rate and include borrowings that are not expected to reprice in the
near-term. 

In September 2011, the FOMC announced its plan to purchase $400 billion of Treasury securities with maturities of
6 to 30 years funded by the sale of an equal amount of Treasury securities with remaining maturities of 3 years or less in a program commonly referred to as Operation Twist. This shift in security holdings by the FRB is intended to put downward
pressure on longer-term interest rates. The FOMC also decided to maintain the overnight lending rate at zero to 0.25% through at least 2014. We expect the actions commenced by the FOMC will place additional downward pressure on our net interest
margin as our interest-earning assets re-price to lower levels. 

We are required to comply with the terms of the Bank
MOU and the Company MOU that we have entered into with our regulators, and lack of compliance could result in additional regulatory enforcement actions. 

The Bank and the Company each entered into a MOU with our former regulator, the OTS on June 24, 2011. In accordance with the Bank MOU, the Bank has adopted and has implemented enhanced operating
policies and procedures that will enable us to continue to (a) reduce our level of interest rate risk, (b) reduce our funding concentration, (c) diversify our funding sources, (d) enhance our liquidity position, (e) monitor
and manage loan modifications and (f) maintain our capital position in accordance with our existing capital plan. In addition, we agreed to implement an increased governance structure over compliance and risk management practices including the
establishment of a Risk Committee of the Board of Directors. Implementation of the Bank MOU requirements has resulted in, and may continue to result in, increased non-interest expense as we further enhanced our technology, added more staff to comply
with such requirements and engaged outside consultants. 

In accordance with the Company MOU, the Company must, among other
things support the Bank’s compliance with the Bank MOU. The Company MOU also requires the Company to: (a) provide notice to the regulators in accordance with published regulatory guidance prior to declaring a dividend to shareholders and
(b) provide notice to and obtain written non-objection from the regulators prior to the Company incurring any debt outside the ordinary course of business. 

57 

Table of Contents

The Board and management are continuing to implement the items required by the Bank MOU and
the Company MOU. A finding by our regulators that the Company or the Bank failed to comply with the MOU could result in additional regulatory scrutiny, constraints on our business, or formal enforcement action. Any of those events could have a
material adverse effect on our future operations, financial condition, growth or other aspects of our business. 

Our
ability to originate mortgage loans for portfolio has been adversely affected by the increased competition resulting from the unprecedented involvement of the U.S. government and GSEs in the residential mortgage market. 

Over the past few years, we have faced increased competition for mortgage loans due to the unprecedented involvement of the GSEs in the
mortgage market. This involvement is a result of the recent economic crisis and has caused the interest rate for thirty year fixed rate mortgage loans that conform to the GSEs’ loan purchase guidelines to remain exceptionally low. In addition,
the U.S. Congress has expanded the conforming loan limits in many of our operating markets, allowing larger balance loans to continue to be acquired by the GSEs. We originate and purchase such conforming loans and retain them for portfolio. In
February 2012, the market interest rates for GSE conforming mortgage loans hit record lows. As a portfolio lender, we limited the growth of our balance sheet since we did not believe it was prudent to reinvest in long-term mortgage-related assets at
current market interest rates. We expect that our one-to four-family loan repayments will remain at elevated levels and will continue to outpace our loan production as a result of these factors. Accordingly, we are likely to continue to experience a
decrease in the size of our balance sheet while current economic conditions prevail. 

The ultimate resolution of Fannie
Mae and Freddie Mac may materially impact our results of operations. 

Both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are under
conservatorship with the Federal Housing Finance Agency. On February 11, 2011, the Obama administration presented the U.S. Congress with a report of its proposals for reforming America’s housing finance market with the goal of scaling back
the role of the U.S. government in, and promoting the return of private capital to, the mortgage markets and ultimately winding down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Without mentioning a specific time frame, the report calls for the reduction of the role
of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in the mortgage markets by, among other things, reducing conforming loan limits, increasing guarantee fees and requiring larger down payments by borrowers. The report presents three options for the long-term structure
of housing finance, all of which call for the unwinding of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and a reduced role of the government in the mortgage market: (1) a system with U.S. government insurance limited to a narrowly targeted group of borrowers;
(2) a system similar to (1) above except with an expanded guarantee during times of crisis; and (3) a system where the U.S. government offers catastrophic reinsurance for the securities of a targeted range of mortgages behind
significant private capital. We cannot be certain if or when Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will be wound down, if or when reform of the housing finance market will be implemented or what the future role of the U.S. government will be in the mortgage
market, and, accordingly, we will not be able to determine the impact that any such reform may have on us until a definitive reform plan is adopted. 

58 

Table of Contents

The regulatory reform legislation that became effective in 2011 has created
uncertainty and may have a material effect on our operations and capital requirements. 

As a result of the financial
crisis which occurred in the banking and financial markets commencing in the second half of 2007, the overall bank regulatory climate is now marked by caution, conservatism and a renewed focus on compliance and risk management. There are many
provisions of the Reform Act which are to be implemented through regulations to be adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies within specified time frames following the effective date of the Reform Act, which creates a risk of uncertainty as to
the effect that such provisions will ultimately have. We believe the following provisions of the Reform Act will have an impact on us: 

•

 The elimination of our primary federal regulator, the OTS, and the assumption by the OCC of regulatory authority over all federal savings
associations, such as Hudson City Savings, and the acquisition by the FRB of regulatory authority over all savings and loan holding companies, such as Hudson City Bancorp, as well as all subsidiaries of savings and loan holding companies other than
depository institutions. Although the laws and regulations currently applicable to us generally will not change by virtue of the elimination of the OTS (except to the extent such laws have been modified by the Reform Act), the application of these
laws and regulations may vary as administered by the OCC and the FRB. 

•

 The significant roll back of the federal preemption of state consumer protection laws that is currently enjoyed by federal savings associations and
national banks. As a result, we may now be subject to state consumer protection laws in each state where we do business, and those laws may be interpreted and enforced differently in different states. 

•

 The establishment of consolidated risk-based and leverage capital requirements for insured depository institutions, depository institution holding
companies and systemically important nonbank financial companies, as discussed below. 

•

 The increase in the minimum designated reserve ratio for the DIF from 1.15% to 1.35% of insured deposits, which must be reached by
September 30, 2020, and the requirement that deposit insurance assessments be based on average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity, rather than on deposit bases. As a result of these provisions, our deposit insurance
premiums have substantially increased. 

•

 Effective April 1, 2012, Hudson City Savings may be subject to a new rule promulgated by the FDIC which requires insured depository
institutions with $50 billion or more in total assets to submit periodically to the FDIC a contingent plan for the resolution of such institution in the event of its failure. For Hudson City, the first plan would be due to be submitted by to the
FDIC on or before July 1, 2013. Whether such plan will be required will depend on the size of our balance sheet prior to that date. 

The Reform Act also includes provisions that create minimum standards for the origination of mortgage loans. Pursuant to the Reform Act, on April 19, 2011, the FRB requested public comment on a
proposed rule under Regulation Z that would impose extensive regulations governing an institution’s obligation to evaluate a borrower’s ability to repay a mortgage loan. The rule would apply to all consumer mortgages (except home equity
lines of credit, timeshare plans, reverse mortgages or temporary loans). Consistent with the Reform Act, the proposal provides four options for complying with the ability-to-repay requirement. The proposal would also implement the Reform Act’s
limits on prepayment penalties. It is possible that this rule may require use to change our underwriting practices and may cause a further increase in compliance costs. 

59 

Table of Contents

As a result of the Reform Act and other proposed changes, we may become subject to
more stringent capital requirements and other enhanced prudential standards. 

The Reform Act requires the federal
banking agencies to establish consolidated risk-based and leverage capital requirements for insured depository institutions, depository institution holding companies and systemically important nonbank financial companies. These requirements must be
no less than those to which insured depository institutions are currently subject. In addition, the Reform Act specifically authorizes the FRB to issue regulations relating to capital requirements for savings and loan holding companies. As a result,
by July 2015, we will become subject to consolidated capital requirements which we have not been subject to previously. 

In addition, in December 2010 the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision announced the new “Basel III” capital rules, which set
new standards for common equity, Tier 1 and total capital, determined on a risk-weighted basis. It is not yet known how these standards, which will be phased in over a period of years, will be implemented by U.S. regulators generally or how they
will be applied to financial institutions of our size. 

Also, as required by the Reform Act, in December of 2011, the FRB
issued a notice of proposed rulemaking proposing several enhanced prudential standards to manage systemic risks presented by bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more and by nonbank financial institutions that are
designated as systemically important by the Financial Stability Oversight Council, with respect to (i) risk-based capital requirements and leverage limits, (ii) liquidity requirements, (iii) single-counterparty credit limits,
(iv) risk management, (v) stress tests, (vi) the debt-to-equity ceiling, and (vii) early remediation. Under the proposed rule, the enhanced prudential standards, other than the stress testing requirement, are not currently
applicable to savings and loan holding companies. However, the FRB has indicated that it intends to issue a separate proposal to initially apply the enhanced prudential standards to savings and loan holding companies. Further, some of these
standards are expected to apply to institutions with consolidated assets of $10 billion or more. 

Our transition to the
OCC as Hudson City Savings’ primary banking regulator and the FRB as our holding company regulator, as well as implementation of the many other provisions of the Reform Act, may increase our compliance costs. 

On July 21, 2011, the OTS was eliminated and the OCC took over the regulation of all federal savings associations, including Hudson
City Savings and the FRB acquired the OTS’ authority over all savings and loan holding companies, including Hudson City Bancorp. Consequently, we are now subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the OCC and the FRB,
rather than the OTS. Additionally, we have been advised by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) that it will be supervising our compliance with consumer protection laws. As a result of becoming subject to regulation
by these three entities, in light of the overall enhanced regulatory scrutiny in our industry and in taking into consideration the requirements of the Bank MOU and Company MOU, we have decided to enhance various systems and add staff to keep up with
the operational and regulatory burden associated with an institution of our size. For example, we are developing a comprehensive enterprise risk management program and a comprehensive compliance management program. These enhancements have
resulted in additional investments in both technology and staffing that will increase our non-interest expense. Moreover, as our new regulators adopt implementing regulations and guidance with respect to their supervision of federal savings
banks, we may need to evaluate and modify various policies and procedures, further enhance our technology and add more staff to ensure continued compliance with this regulatory burden, which will further increase our non-interest expense.

60 

Table of Contents

The Reform Act created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which may increase
our costs of operations and compliance costs. 

The Reform Act created the CFPB with broad powers to supervise and
enforce consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions, including the authority to prohibit “unfair, deceptive or abusive”
acts and practices. The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over all banks with more than $10 billion in assets. Banks with $10 billion or less in assets will continue to be examined for compliance with the consumer laws by their primary
bank regulators. As a new independent bureau within the FRB, it is possible that the CFPB will focus more attention on consumers and may impose requirements more severe than the previous bank regulatory agencies, which at a minimum, could increase
our operating and compliance costs. 

We are subject to regulatory requirements and limitations that may impact our
ability to pay future dividends. 

We are a unitary savings and loan association holding company regulated by the FRB
and almost all of our operating assets are owned by Hudson City Savings Bank. We rely primarily on dividends from the Bank to pay cash dividends to our shareholders and to engage in share repurchase programs. The OCC regulates all capital
distributions by the Bank directly or indirectly to us, including dividend payments. As the subsidiary of a savings and loan association holding company, the Bank must file a notice or seek affirmative approval from the OCC at least 30 days
prior to each proposed capital distribution. Whether an application is required is based on a number of factors including whether the institution qualifies for expedited treatment under the OCC rules and regulations or if the total amount of all
capital distributions (including each proposed capital distribution) for the applicable calendar year exceeds net income for that year to date plus the retained net income for the preceding two years. Currently, Hudson City Savings must seek
approval from the OCC for future capital distributions. In addition, as the subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company, Hudson City Savings must also seek approval from the FRB before declaring a dividend. 

In addition, the Bank may not pay dividends to us if, after paying those dividends, it would fail to meet the required minimum levels
under risk-based capital guidelines and the minimum leverage and tangible capital ratio requirements or the OCC has notified the Bank that it is in need of more than normal supervision. Under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA,
an insured depository institution such as the Bank is prohibited from making a capital distribution, including the payment of dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become “undercapitalized” (as such term is
used in the FDIA). Payment of dividends by the Bank also may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the appropriate regulator if it deems the payment to constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Accordingly, there can be no
assurance that the Bank will be able to pay dividends at past levels, or at all, in the future. 

In addition to regulatory
restrictions on the payment of dividends, the Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on any extensions of credit it makes to its affiliates and on investments in stock or other securities of its affiliates. We are
considered an affiliate of the Bank. These restrictions prevent affiliates of the Bank, including us, from borrowing from the Bank, unless various types of collateral secure the loans. Federal law limits the aggregate amount of loans to
and investments in any single affiliate to 10% of the Bank’s capital stock and surplus and also limits the aggregate amount of loans to and investments in all affiliates to 20% of the Bank’s capital stock and surplus. 

If we do not receive sufficient cash dividends or are unable to borrow from the Bank, then we may not have sufficient funds to pay
dividends or repurchase our common stock. 

61 

Table of Contents

The Reform Act imposes further restrictions on transactions with affiliates and extensions
of credit to executive officers, directors and principal shareholders, by, among other things, expanding covered transactions to include securities lending, repurchase agreement and derivatives activities with affiliates. These changes are expected
to become effective by July 21, 2012. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Company MOU, we are required to file a notice with
the FRB at least 30 days prior to declaring any future cash dividend, which notice must evidence our compliance with applicable guidance regarding payment of dividends issued by the FRB. This process will enable the FRB to comment on, object to or
otherwise prohibit us from paying the proposed dividend. The supervisory guidance issued by the FRB states that we should either eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends if (i) our net income available to common shareholders over the
past year is insufficient to fully fund a dividend, (ii) our prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with our capital needs and our overall current or prospective financial condition or (iii) we will not meet, or are in
danger of not meeting, our minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 

Declines in the market value of our common stock
may have a material effect on the value of our reporting unit which could result in a goodwill impairment charge and adversely affect our results of operations. 

At December 31, 2011, the carrying amount of our goodwill totaled $152.1 million. We performed a goodwill impairment test on December 31, 2011 and determined there was no goodwill
impairment. Due to market volatility during 2011, we experienced a decline in our market capitalization. Our market capitalization continues to be less than our total stockholders’ equity at December 31, 2011. We considered
this and other factors in our goodwill impairment analyses. No assurance can be given that we will not record an impairment loss on goodwill in a subsequent period. However, our tangible capital ratio and Hudson City Savings’
regulatory capital ratios would not be affected by this potential non-cash expense. 

The geographic concentration of our
loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the economy. 

Originating loans secured by
residential real estate is our primary business. Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing economic conditions, either nationally or in our local New Jersey and metropolitan New York market areas, including the level
of short-term and long-term interest rates, decreases in real estate values, adverse employment conditions, the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal and state government, the strength of the economy in the United States generally and in the
Company’s market area in particular, and other significant external events. As a result of our lending practices, we have a concentration of loans secured by real property located primarily in New Jersey, New York and Connecticut. At
December 31, 2011, approximately 98.9% of our total loans are residential first mortgage loans and approximately 81.7% of our total loans are in the New York metropolitan area. 

Financial institutions continue to be affected by the sharp declines in the real estate market that occurred over the last three years as
well as the effects of the recent recessionary economy. Declines in real estate values, home sales volumes and financial stress on borrowers as a result of the uncertain economic environment, including job losses, have had and may continue to have
an adverse effect on our borrowers or their customers, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, decreases in real estate values have adversely affected the value of property used as collateral for
our loans and result in higher loss experience on our non-performing loans. Adverse changes in the economy, particularly in employment conditions, may also have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their
loans, which would have an adverse impact on our earnings. As a result of the concentration of loans in the New York metropolitan area, a prolonged or more severe downturn in the local economy could result in

62 

Table of Contents

significant increases in nonperforming loans, which would negatively affect the Company’s interest income and result in higher provisions for loan losses, which would hurt the Company’s
earnings. If poor economic conditions result in decreased demand for real estate loans, our profits may decrease because our investment alternatives may earn less income for us than real estate loans. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry, which limits the manner and scope of our business activities. 

We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination by the FRB, the OCC, the CFPB and the FDIC. As a result, we are
limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, undertake new investments and activities and obtain financing. This regulatory structure is designed primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance funds and our depositors, as well as
other consumers, and not to benefit our shareholders. This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies
with respect to capital levels, the timing and amount of dividend payments, the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering
and anti-terrorism laws. Government agencies have substantial discretion to impose significant monetary penalties on institutions which fail to comply with these laws. As a result of the recent financial crisis which occurred in the banking and
financial markets, the overall bank regulatory climate is now marked by caution, conservatism and a renewed focus on compliance and risk management. 

Non-performing assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. 

Non-performing assets adversely affect the Company’s net earnings in various ways. The Company expects to continue to have a
provision for loan losses relating to non-performing loans that is higher than its historical experience. The Company generally does not record interest income on non-performing loans or other real estate owned, thereby reducing its earnings, while
its loan administration costs are higher for non-performing loans. When the Company takes collateral in foreclosures and similar proceedings, the Company is required to mark the related asset to the then-fair market value of the collateral, which
may ultimately result in a loss. Until the recent recessionary cycle, it was our experience that as a non-performing loan approached foreclosure, the borrower sold the underlying property or, if there was a second mortgage or other subordinated
lien, the subordinated lien holder would purchase the property to protect their interest thereby resulting in the full payment of principal and interest to Hudson City Savings. This process normally took approximately 12 months. However, due to the
unprecedented level of foreclosures and the desire by most states to slow the foreclosure process, we are now experiencing a time frame to repayment or foreclosure ranging from 30 to 36 months from the initial non-performing period. Given the delays
in foreclosures in our market area, the level of our non-performing assets is expected to continue to increase. An increase in the level of non-performing assets increases the Company’s risk profile and may affect the capital levels regulators
believe are appropriate. At December 31, 2011 our non-performing loans amounted to $1.02 billion or 3.48% of total loans as compared to $871.3 million or 2.82% of total loans at December 31, 2010 and our charge-offs amounted to $82.8
million for 2011 as compared to $98.5 million in 2010. There can be no assurance that the Company will not experience future increases in non-performing assets. 

Recent OCC guidance regarding mortgage foreclosure processes and an OCC mandated self-assessment may increase our compliance costs and could impact our foreclosure process. 

Several of the nation’s largest mortgage loan servicers have experienced highly publicized issues with respect to their foreclosure
processes. In light of these issues, on June 30, 2011, the OCC issued supervisory guidance regarding the OCC’s expectations for the oversight and management of mortgage foreclosure activities by banks engaged in mortgage servicing, such as
Hudson City, to ensure that mortgage servicers comply with foreclosure laws, conduct foreclosure processing in a safe and sound manner and establish responsible business practices that provide accountability and appropriate treatment of borrowers in
the foreclosure process. 

63 

Table of Contents

The OCC’s supervisory guidance requires that the Bank conduct a self-assessment of
foreclosure management policies, including compliance with legal requirements, testing and file reviews and to take immediate corrective action with respect to any identified weaknesses in their foreclosure processes. As part of the self-assessment
we are also required to determine if such weaknesses resulted in any financial harm to borrowers and provide remediation where appropriate. Compliance with the OCC’s supervisory guidance and the mandated self-assessment is likely to increase
our non-interest expense. In addition, while we do not believe that there are any material weaknesses in our foreclosure process or that our borrowers experienced any financial harm, we may be required to enhance our policies and procedures to meet
heightened standards and restrictions not currently set forth in any statutory laws or regulations.