The Geographic Concentration Of Our Loan Portfolio And Lending Activities Makes Us
Vulnerable To A Downturn In The Economy. 
Originating loans secured by residential real estate is
our primary business. Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing
economic conditions, either nationally or in our local New Jersey and metropolitan New York market
areas, including decreases in real estate values, adverse employment conditions, the monetary and
fiscal policies of the federal and state government and other significant external events. As a
result of our lending practices, we have a concentration of loans secured by real property located
primarily in New Jersey, New York and Connecticut. At December 31, 2009, approximately 73.8% of
our total loans are in the New York metropolitan area.

Financial institutions continue to be affected by the sharp declines in the real estate market that
occurred over the last three years as well as the effects of the recent recessionary economy. Declines in
real estate values, home sales volumes and financial stress on borrowers as a result of the
uncertain economic environment, including job losses, have had and
may continue to have an adverse effect on our borrowers
or their customers, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, decreases in real estate values have adversely affected the value of property used as
collateral for our loans and result in higher loss experience on our non-performing

48

Table of Contents

loans. Adverse changes in the economy, particularly in employment conditions, may also have a
negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans, which
would have an adverse impact on our earnings. If poor economic conditions result in decreased
demand for real estate loans, our profits may decrease because our investment alternatives may earn
less income for us than real estate loans.

We continued to see increases in loan delinquencies and charge-offs in 2009. Non-performing loans, defined as
non-accruing loans and accruing loans delinquent 90 days or more, amounted to $627.7 million at
December 31, 2009 and $217.6 million at December 31, 2008. The ratio of non-performing loans to
total loans was 1.98% at December 31, 2009 compared with 0.74% at December 31, 2008. The provision
for loan losses amounted to $137.5 million at December 31, 2009 as compared to $19.5 million at
December 31, 2008. Net charge-offs amounted to $47.2 million for 2009 as compared to net
charge-offs of $4.4 million for 2008. Further deterioration in local economic conditions in our
markets could drive losses beyond that which is provided for in our allowance for loan losses and
result in the following other consequences: loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures may
increase; demand for our products and services may decline; deposits may decrease, which would
adversely impact our liquidity position; and collateral for our loans, especially real estate, may
decline in value, in turn reducing customers’ borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and
collateral associated with our existing loans which may result in increased levels of loan loss
provisions.

Proposed tax on liabilities could adversely affect our financial
condition.
 On January 14, 2010, President Obama announced his proposal to Congress for a Financial Crisis Responsibility Fee that would require
financial firms to repay the projected cost of the Troubled Asset Relief Program (“TARP”). The
proposed fee, which would go into effect on June 30, 2010, would apply to banks, thrifts, bank
holding companies, thrift holding companies and insurance or other companies that own insured
depository institutions, in each case with more than $50 billion in consolidated assets. The
proposed fee would equal approximately 15 basis points (0.15%) of covered liabilities per year.
Covered liabilities are equal to assets minus Tier 1 capital minus FDIC assessed deposits (and/or
insurance policy reserves, as appropriate). The fee would remain in place for ten years, and is
expected to raise $90 billion over the next ten years, but would remain in force longer if all costs
of the TARP have not been recovered at that time. After the first five years, the United States
Treasury Department (the “Treasury”), would report on the effectiveness of the fee.

 The fee would be
collected by the Internal Revenue Service. The outcome of final legislation by Congress on this proposal cannot be determined at this time.

 If the fee is adopted as proposed by President Obama,
Hudson City would be assessed a fee of approximately $46.4 million for 2010.

The potential adoption of significant aspects of proposed regulatory reform legislation may have a
material effect on our operations. 
On December 11, 2009, the House of Representatives passed H.R.
4173, the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2009, or the Reform Bill. The Reform
Bill is intended to address perceived weaknesses in the U.S. financial regulatory system and
prevent future economic and financial crises. The Reform Bill, among other things, creates three
new governmental agencies: the Financial Services Oversight Council, the Federal Insurance Office
and the Consumer Financial Protection Agency, or the CFPA. The CFPA will have the authority to
implement and enforce a variety of existing consumer protection statutes and to issue new
regulations. In addition, the Reform Bill amends the HOLA to abolish the OTS and transfer its
functions and personnel to a newly created Division of Thrift Supervision within the OCC. The
Reform Bill preserves the thrift charter for thrifts, such as Hudson City Savings. Most
significantly for us, the Reform Bill contains provisions which would result in thrift holding
companies, such as Hudson City Bancorp, becoming bank holding companies subject to consolidated
capital requirements, BHC Act limitations and supervision by the FRB. Similar legislation is being
currently considered by the Senate’s Banking Committee. The Senate’s proposed legislation,
however, contemplates elimination of the federal thrift charter with federal thrifts being
regulated by a proposed new federal banking agency. In addition, although the Reform Bill purports
to broaden federal preemption of state consumer protection laws the current Senate version
virtually eliminates federal preemption of state consumer protection laws.

49

Table of Contents

The exact requirements and timing of any final legislation cannot be determined at this time. If
the more significant provisions of the Reform Bill or the Senate’s proposed legislation become
final, our operations could be significantly affected.

The impact on us of recently enacted and proposed legislation and government programs to stabilize
the financial markets cannot be predicted at this time. 
During 2008 and 2009, there was
unprecedented government intervention in response to the financial crises affecting the banking
system and financial markets, including:

•

The enactment of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, or EESA, in October
2008, which gave the Treasury the authority to, among other things, purchase up to $700
billion of troubled assets from financial institutions;

•

The announcements shortly thereafter by the Treasury, the FDIC and the FRB,
respectively, of (i) the Capital Purchase Program, or CPP, a $250 billion voluntary capital
purchase program under which qualifying financial institutions were given the ability to
sell preferred shares to the Treasury, (ii) the TLGP and (iii) further details of the
Commercial Paper Funding Facility, or CPFF, which provides a broad backstop for the
commercial paper market;

•

The announcement by the Treasury in February 2009 of the Capital Assistance Program, or
CAP, under which qualifying financial institutions were provided access to contingent
common equity provided by the U.S. government as a bridge to private capital in the future;

•

The announcement by the federal banking regulators of the Supervisory Capital Assessment
Program, under which the federal banking regulators measured how much of an additional
capital buffer, if any, each of the 19 largest U.S. bank holding companies would need to
establish to ensure that it would have sufficient capital to comfortably exceed minimum
regulatory requirements at December 31, 2010, as a result of which many of the nineteen
institutions underwent capital raising or restructuring transactions to improve their
capital base; and

•

The announcement by the Treasury in March 2009, in conjunction with the FDIC and the
FRB, of the Public-Private Investment Program, or PPIP, which consists of two discrete
components: (1) the Legacy Loan Program, which was designed to facilitate the sale of
commercial and residential whole loans and other assets currently held by U.S. banks, and
(2) the Legacy Securities Program, which was designed to facilitate the sale of legacy
residential mortgage backed securities and commercial mortgage backed securities initially
rated AAA and currently held by Financial Institutions (as defined under the EESA).

We currently do not participate in the TLGP and we did not participate in the CPP, the CPFF or the
CAP, and we do not expect to participate in either PPIP program.

Although it appears that there has been some stabilization of the U.S. financial markets as a
result of the foregoing programs and other actions taken by the U.S. government, there can be no
assurance as to the actual impact that such programs or any other governmental program will have on
the financial markets and the economy in the future. The financial market and economic conditions
that existed during 2008 and 2009 have had, and to the extent that such conditions continue or
worsen, will continue to have, an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations and could also materially and adversely affect our business, access to credit or the
trading price of our common stock. In addition, we expect to face increased regulation and
supervision of our industry as a result of the financial crisis in the banking and financial
markets, and, to the extent that we participate in any of the programs established or to be
established by the Treasury or by the federal bank regulatory agencies, there will be additional
requirements and conditions imposed on us. Such
additional regulation and supervision may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue
business opportunities.

50

Table of Contents

The FDIC’s restoration plan and the related increased assessment rate schedule may have a further
material effect on our results of operations. 
In February 2009, the FDIC adopted a final rule
which set the initial base assessment rates beginning April 1, 2009 and provided for the following
adjustments to an institution’s assessment rate: (1) a decrease for long-term unsecured debt,
including most senior and subordinated debt, specifically, an institution’s base assessment rate
will be reduced from the initial rate using the institution’s ratio of long-term unsecured debt to
domestic deposits, though any such decrease will be limited to 5 basis points; (2) an increase for
secured liabilities above a threshold amount, specifically, if an institution’s ratio of secured
liabilities to domestic deposits is greater than 25 percent, the institution’s assessment rate will
increase, but the resulting base assessment rate will be no more than 50 percent greater than it
was before the adjustment; and (3) for non-Risk Category I institutions, an increase for brokered
deposits above a threshold amount, specifically, if an institution has a ratio of brokered deposits
to domestic deposits that is greater than 10 percent, the institution’s assessment rate will be
increased, though never by more than 10 basis points. Our federal deposit insurance premiums
totaled $35.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2009, compared to $4.3 million for the year
ended December 31, 2008.

The FDIC also adopted a final rule in May 2009 imposing a five basis point special assessment on
each insured depository institution’s assets minus Tier 1 capital as of June 30, 2009, which was
collected on September 30, 2009. Our FDIC special assessment totaled $21.1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2009.

On September 29, 2009, the FDIC adopted an amendment to the restoration plan that increases the
deposit insurance assessment rate uniformly across all four risk categories by three basis points
(annualized) of insured deposits beginning January 1, 2011. In addition, on November 17, 2009, the
FDIC adopted a final rule which required insured depository institutions to prepay their quarterly
deposit insurance assessments for the fourth quarter of 2009 and for all of 2010, 2011 and 2012 on
December 30, 2009, together with their regular deposit insurance assessment for the third quarter
of 2009. Our payment on December 30, 2009 totaled $162.5 million.

There is no guarantee that the higher premiums, special assessment and assessment prepayment
described above will be sufficient for the DIF to meet its funding requirements, which may
necessitate further special assessments or increases in deposit insurance premiums. Any such
future assessments or increases could have a further material impact on our results of operations.

Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our earnings may be adversely impacted by an increase in interest rates because the majority of
our interest-earning assets are long-term, fixed-rate mortgage-related assets that will not reprice
as long-term interest rates increase. In contrast, a majority of our interest-bearing liabilities
are expected to reprice as interest rates increase. At December 31, 2009, 69.03% of our loans with
contractual maturities of greater than one year had fixed rates of
interest, and 99.62% of our
total loans had contractual maturities of five or more years. Overall, at December 31, 2009,
98.6% of our total interest-earning assets had contractual maturities of more than five years.
Conversely, our interest-bearing liabilities generally have much shorter contractual maturities. A
portion of our deposits as of December 31, 2009, including $7.13 billion in interest-bearing demand
accounts and money market accounts, have no contractual maturities and are likely to reprice
quickly as short-term interest rates increase. As of December 31, 2009, 81.4% of our time deposits
will mature within one year. In the past we funded our asset growth using callable borrowings.
If we experience a rising interest rate environment where interest rates increase above the
interest rate for the borrowings, these borrowings will likely be called at their next call date
and our cost to replace these borrowings would likely increase. As of December 31, 2009, 74.23% of
our borrowed funds may be called by the lenders within one year. Therefore, in a significantly
increasing rate environment, our cost of funds is expected to increase more rapidly than the yields
earned on our

51

Table of Contents

loan portfolio and securities portfolio. An increasing rate environment is expected to cause a
narrowing of our net interest rate spread and a decrease in our earnings.

The Federal Open Market Committee of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the
“FOMC”) noted that economic activity has continued to improve during the fourth quarter of 2009.
The FOMC also noted that the housing sector has shown signs of improvement. However, the national
unemployment rate increased to 10.0% in December 2009 as compared to 9.8% in September 2009 and
7.4% in December 2008. Lower household wealth and tight credit conditions in addition to the
increase in the national unemployment rate has resulted in the FOMC maintaining the overnight
lending rate at zero to 0.25% during 2009. As a result, short-term market
interest rates have remained at low levels during 2009. This allowed us to
continue to re-price our short-term deposits thereby reducing our cost of funds. While longer-term
market interest rates increased during 2009, rates on mortgage-related assets declined slightly,
although to a lesser extent than the decline in our cost of funds. As a result, our net interest
rate spread and net interest margin increased for 2009 as compared to 2008.

We expect the operating environment to remain very challenging as the Federal Reserve Board
continues to focus their efforts on the economy. Interest rates will continue to fluctuate, and we
cannot predict future Federal Reserve Board actions or other factors that will cause rates to
change.

If the yield curve were to flatten, the spread between our cost of funds and the interest received
on our loan and securities portfolios would shrink. The yield curve would begin to flatten in the
event that long term interest rates declined or if short term market interest rates were to begin
to increase through the actions of the FOMC without a corresponding increase in long term rates.
In the case of an inverted yield curve, the cost of funds would be higher than the earnings
generated from these portfolios. As a result of the decreased spread from a flat or inverted yield
curve, our net interest income would decrease.

Also impacting our net interest income and net interest rate spread is the level of prepayment
activity on our mortgage-related assets. Mortgage prepayment rates will vary due to a number of
factors, including the regional economy where the mortgage loan or the underlying mortgages of the
mortgage-backed security were originated, seasonal factors and demographic variables. However, the
major factors affecting prepayment rates are the prevailing market interest rates, related mortgage
refinancing opportunities and competition. Generally, the level of prepayment activity directly
affects the yield earned on those assets, as the payments received on the interest-earning assets
will be reinvested at the prevailing market interest rate. In a rising interest rate environment,
prepayment rates tend to decrease and, therefore, the yield earned on our existing mortgage-related
assets will remain constant instead of increasing. This would adversely affect our net interest
margin and, therefore, our net interest income.

We monitor interest rate risk sensitivity through analysis of the change in net interest income and
net portfolio value, or NPV. NPV is defined as the net present value of the expected future cash
flows of an entity’s assets and liabilities. The Board of Directors of Hudson City Savings has
adopted an interest rate risk policy that defines the permissible range for the change in NPV under
certain interest rate shock scenarios. NPV is analyzed using a model that estimates changes in NPV
and net interest income in response to a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. The
OTS uses a similar model to monitor interest rate risk of all OTS-regulated institutions. If the
OTS, using its model, were to determine that our IRR is significantly higher than our internal
estimates indicate, the OTS may seek to have us operate at higher regulatory capital ratios than we
anticipate under our current growth strategy. Should that occur, we may not be able to continue
our historical pace of stock repurchases and our anticipated future growth could be limited. We
expect the OTS will continue to closely monitor the interest rate risk of Hudson City Savings.

Because we compete primarily on the basis of the interest rates we offer depositors and the terms
of loans we offer borrowers, our margins could decrease if we were required to increase deposit
rates or lower interest rates on loans in response to competitive pressures. 
We face intense
competition

52

Table of Contents

both in making loans and attracting deposits. The New Jersey and metropolitan New York market
areas have a high concentration of financial institutions, many of which are branches of large
money-center and regional banks. National competitors have significantly greater resources than we
do and may offer services that we do not provide such as trust and investment services. Customers
who seek “one stop shopping” may be drawn to these institutions.

We compete primarily on the basis of the rates we pay on deposits and the rates and other terms we
charge on the mortgage loans we originate or purchase, as well as the quality of our customer
service. Our competition for loans comes principally from mortgage banking firms, commercial
banks, savings institutions, credit unions, finance companies, insurance companies and brokerage
and investment banking firms operating locally and elsewhere. In addition, we purchase a
significant volume of mortgage loans in the wholesale markets, and our competition in these markets
also includes many other types of institutional investors located throughout the country. Price
competition for loans might result in us originating fewer loans or earning less on our loans.

During 2009, the Federal Reserve continued to purchase securities issued by Fannie Mae or Freddie
Mac to provide these government-sponsored enterprises with a source of liquidity and thereby reduce
the interest rates they offer on mortgage loans. While the intent of these actions was to
stimulate the housing market, it also resulted in additional price competition for mortgage loans
which are our primary lending product.

Our most direct competition for deposits comes from commercial banks, savings banks, savings and
loan associations and credit unions. There are large money-center and regional financial
institutions operating throughout our market area, and we also face strong competition from other
community-based financial institutions.

We may not be able to successfully implement our plans for growth. 
Since our initial public offering in 1999, we have experienced rapid and significant
growth. Our assets have grown from $8.52 billion at December 31, 1999 to $60.27 billion at
December 31, 2009. We acquired a significant amount of capital from the second-step conversion,
which we have used to continue implementing our growth strategy of building our core banking
business by originating and purchasing mortgage loans and funding this growth with customer
deposits and borrowings.

We also plan to continue with our de novo branching strategy and will consider expansion
opportunities through the acquisition of branches and other financial institutions. There can be
no assurance, however, that we will continue to experience such rapid growth, or any growth, in the
future. Significant changes in interest rates or the competition we face may make it difficult to
attract the level of customer deposits needed to fund our internal growth at projected levels. In
addition, we may have difficulty finding suitable sites for de novo branches. Our expansion plans
may result in our opening branches in geographic markets in which we have no previous experience,
and, therefore, our ability to grow effectively in those markets will be dependent on our ability
to identify and retain management personnel familiar with the new markets. Furthermore, any future
acquisitions of branches or of other financial institutions would present many challenges
associated with integrating merged institutions and expanding operations. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to adequately and profitably implement our possible future growth,
particularly in the current economic environment, or that we will not have to incur additional expenditures
beyond current projections to support such growth.

We operate in a highly regulated industry, which limits the manner and scope of our business
activities. 
We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination by the OTS and by
the FDIC. As a result, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, undertake new
investments and activities and obtain financing. This regulatory structure is designed primarily
for the protection of the deposit insurance funds and our depositors, and not to benefit our
shareholders. This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion
in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including
policies with respect to capital levels, the timing and amount of dividend payments, the
classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory

53

Table of Contents

purposes. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism
laws. Government agencies have substantial discretion to impose significant monetary penalties on
institutions which fail to comply with these laws.

We expect to face increased regulation and supervision of our industry as a result of the existing
financial crisis, and there will be additional requirements and conditions imposed on us to the
extent that we participate in any of the programs established or to be established by the Treasury
under the EESA or by the Agencies. Such additional regulation and supervision may increase our
costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities.