Our ability to originate mortgage loans for portfolio has been adversely affected by the increased
competition resulting from the unprecedented involvement of the U.S. government and GSEs in the
residential mortgage market.

Over the past few years, we have faced increased competition for mortgage loans due to the
unprecedented involvement of the GSEs in the mortgage market. This involvement is a result of the
recent economic crisis and has caused the interest rate for thirty year fixed rate mortgage loans
that conform to the GSEs’ loan purchase guidelines to remain
exceptionally low. We originate and
purchase such conforming loans and retain them for portfolio. In addition, the U.S. Congress
recently extended through September 2011 the expanded GSE conforming loan limits in many of our
operating markets, allowing larger balance loans to be acquired by the GSEs, and more loans in our
portfolio qualified under the expanding conforming loan limits and were refinanced into fixed rate
mortgages. As a result of these factors, we expect that our one-to four-family loan repayments
will remain at elevated levels, making it difficult for us to grow our mortgage loan portfolio.
Accordingly, we are likely to experience a decrease in the size of our balance sheet while current
economic conditions prevail.

Both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are under conservatorship with the Federal Housing Finance Agency,
an agency of the U.S. government. On February 11, 2011, the Obama administration presented the
U.S. Congress with a report of its proposals for reforming America’s housing finance market with
the goal of scaling back the role of the U.S. government in, and promoting the return of private
capital to, the mortgage markets and ultimately winding down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Without
mentioning a specific time frame, the report calls for the reduction of the role of Fannie Mae and
Freddie Mac in the mortgage markets by, among other things, reducing conforming loan limits,
increasing guarantee fees and requiring larger down payments by borrowers. The report presents
three options for the long-term structure of housing finance, all of which call for the unwinding
of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and a reduced role of the government in the mortgage market: (i) a
system with U.S. government insurance limited to a narrowly targeted group of lower- and
moderate-income borrowers; (ii) a system similar to (i) above except with an expanded guarantee
during times of crisis; and (iii) a system where the U.S. government offers reinsurance for the
securities of a broad range of mortgages behind significant private capital. We cannot be certain
if or when Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will be wound down, if or when reform of the housing finance
market will be implemented or what the future role of the U.S. government will be in the mortgage
market, and, accordingly, we will not be able to determine the impact that any such reform may have
on us until a definitive reform plan is adopted.

Our concentration in structured borrowings, particularly borrowings putable at the option of the
lender, could adversely affect our cost of funds and net interest margin if interest rates were to
increase significantly.

In the past we funded a substantial portion of our asset growth using putable borrowings. The
borrowings have been generally long-term to maturity, in an effort to offset our short-term deposit
liabilities and assist in managing our interest rate risk. These long-term borrowings have put
options that could shorten their maturities in a changing interest rate environment. If we
experience a significant rising interest rate environment where interest rates increase above the
interest rate for the borrowings, these borrowings will likely be put at their next put date and
our cost to replace these borrowings would likely increase. Of our borrowings outstanding at

53

Table of Contents

December 31, 2010, $29.08 billion were structured putable borrowings. Of these, $24.13 billion had
quarterly put options and $4.95 billion had one-time put options. We currently have $23.28 billion
of borrowings that have the potential to be put back to us or will mature within the next 12
months. Of the $23.28 billion of borrowings, $22.83 billion, with a weighted-average rate of 3.90%,
are putable borrowings and $19.03 billion of these could be put back to the Bank within 3 months.
Given the current market rate environment, we believe none of these borrowings will be put during
the next twelve months. If interest rates were to increase 200 and 300 basis points, and no other
factors affecting the put determination changed, the Bank would expect approximately $450.0 million
and $7.75 billion, respectively, to be put back to us within the next 12 months. Therefore, in a
significantly increasing rate environment, our cost of funds is expected to increase more rapidly
than the yields earned on our loan portfolio and securities portfolio. An increasing rate
environment is expected to cause a narrowing of our net interest rate spread and a decrease in our
earnings.

We experienced a contraction in our net interest margin during 2010 and, if current market
conditions continue, expect further contractions in our net interest margin while changes in
interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

Our net interest margin for 2010 was 2.01% compared to 2.22% for 2009. The decline in our net
interest margin was due to the declines in the average yields on our interest earning assets
outpacing the declines in our average cost of funds over similar time frames. The decline in our
average yields reflects the combination of the overall low interest rate environment, the GSEs
efforts to keep mortgage rates low to support the housing market and the continuation of the trend
of homeowners to refinance their mortgage loans in the low rate environment. The efforts by the
GSEs has also had the effect of reducing our sources for purchasing loans in the secondary market
as the sellers from whom we have historically purchased loans are originating loans at lower rates
that we would accept, selling to the GSEs or keeping the loans in their portfolio. The United States
Congress recently extended to September 2011 the time period within which the GSE’s may purchase
loans under an expanded limit on principal balances that qualify as conforming loans. Further, on
November 3, 2010, the FOMC announced that the FRB will purchase approximately $600 billion of
longer-term U.S. government securities, which is likely to put downward pressure on long-term
interest rates, including interest rates on mortgage-related assets. As a result, we expect this
adverse environment for portfolio lending to continue, with the likely result that we will continue
to experience compression of our net interest margin, and, in combination with the likelihood of a
decrease in the size of our balance sheet, a reduction of net interest income.

Our earnings may be adversely impacted by an increase in interest rates because 44.9% of our
mortgage-related assets are fixed-rate and will not reprice as interest rates increase. In
addition, included in our variable-rate mortgage-related assets are assets whose contractual next
rate change date is over five years. If these instruments were classified as fixed-rate, the
percentage of fixed-rate mortgage-related assets to total mortgage-related assets would be 65.9% as
of December 31, 2010. In contrast, a majority of our interest-bearing liabilities are expected to
reprice as interest rates increase since they generally have much shorter contractual maturities.
A portion of our deposits as of December 31, 2010, including $8.46 billion in interest-bearing
demand accounts and money market accounts, have no contractual maturities and are likely to reprice
quickly as short-term interest rates increase. As of December 31, 2010, 69.4% of our time deposits
will mature within one year. At December 31, 2010, we had $24.13 billion of borrowings that had
quarterly put options and $4.95 billion that had one-time put options. We currently have $23.28
billion of borrowings that have the potential to be put back to us or will mature within the next
12 months, including $19.03 billion that could be put back to the Bank within 3 months. Given the
current market rate environment, we believe none of these borrowings will be put during the next
twelve months. However, if interest rates were to increase 200 and 300 basis points, and no other
factors affecting the put determination changed, the Bank would expect approximately $450.0 million
and $7.75 billion, respectively, to be put back to us within the next 12 months.

The FOMC noted that economic activity has continued to improve, but the national unemployment
rate has remained elevated. Household spending is increasing gradually, but remains constrained by
high

54

Table of Contents

 unemployment, modest income growth, lower housing wealth, and tight credit. The national
unemployment rate was 9.4% in December 2010 as compared to 9.6% in September 2010 and 9.9% in
December 2009. The FOMC decided to maintain the overnight lending rate at zero to 0.25% during
2010.

We expect the operating environment to remain very challenging as the Federal Reserve Board
continues to focus their efforts on the economy. Interest rates will continue to fluctuate, and we
cannot predict future Federal Reserve Board actions or other factors that will cause rates to
change.

If the yield curve were to flatten, the spread between our cost of funds and the interest received
on our loan and securities portfolios would shrink. The yield curve would begin to flatten in the
event that long term interest rates declined or if short term market interest rates were to begin
to increase through the actions of the FOMC without a corresponding increase in long term rates.
In the case of an inverted yield curve, the cost of funds would be higher than the earnings
generated from these portfolios. As a result of the decreased spread from a flat or inverted yield
curve, our net interest income would decrease.

We monitor interest rate risk sensitivity through analysis of the change in net interest income and
net portfolio value, or NPV. NPV is defined as the net present value of the expected future cash
flows of an entity’s assets and liabilities. NPV is analyzed using a model that estimates changes
in NPV and net interest income in response to a range of assumed changes in market interest rates.
The OTS uses a similar model to monitor interest rate risk of all OTS-regulated institutions.
The Bank is currently out of compliance with certain Board established limits regarding its
NPV calculations. In addition, we believe our interest rate risk position would be considered
significant based on the OTS’ written guidelines regarding NPV analysis.
We are a residential portfolio mortgage lender and therefore have not sold loans in the secondary
market. As a result, we have a higher level of interest rate risk relative to many of our peer
institutions. Based on our level of interest rate risk, as well as the enhanced regulatory
scrutiny of larger financial institutions, we have concluded that we will need to maintain a
capital cushion above the applicable regulatory requirements to be considered “well
capitalized.”

Future balance sheet restructuring may adversely affect our net income.

In recognition of our current interest rate risk position, we are examining various strategies to
position our balance sheet for the future as market conditions change and allow for more profitable
growth. As a result, we expect to further restructure a portion of our funding mix. The restructuring may
include the continued modification of putable borrowings to extend or eliminate the put dates, the
extinguishment of certain borrowings, the refinancing of certain borrowings or a combination of these
actions.
The fair value of our borrowings, which is generally the value at which borrowings are
extinguished, was approximately 111% of carrying value at December 31, 2010. Any restructuring
could result in a decrease in the size of the balance sheet and a material charge to earnings.

We are subject to enhanced regulatory scrutiny in light of the recent financial crisis and the
Reform Act, our interest
rate risk position and significant growth since our stock offering in 2005.

The recent economic recession and
financial crisis, which has been marked by hundreds of bank failures, has resulted in significant
government reaction both in terms of legislative actions and enhanced regulatory scrutiny.
Legislative action has included adoption and implementation of the Troubled Asset Relief
Program resulting in the significant investment of public monies in financial institutions,
and the enactment of the Reform Act which will impose significant new regulatory burdens on us.
We believe the regulatory response to the financial crisis, the legislative directives to the
banking regulators and related public reaction has resulted in significantly greater regulatory
supervision of financial institutions, particularly larger institutions such as Hudson City.
Our growth since our initial public offering in 1999, and particularly since our second step
conversion in 2005, has resulted in our becoming one of the 40 largest domestic insured
depository institutions by asset size. We have enhanced systems and added to staff to keep
up with the ordinary operational and regulatory burden normally associated with an institution
of our size. These efforts will be further enhanced, as we are faced with a greater regulatory
burden under the Reform Act and the enhanced regulatory scrutiny based on our size in the current
environment. As a result, we will enhance our operational and compliance functions in a number
of areas in order to meet the expected regulatory scrutiny. This will result in additional
investment in both technology and staffing that is likely to increase our non-interest expense.

As a result of the enhanced regulatory
scrutiny, our interest rate risk position, our funding concentration in structured borrowings,
our significant growth since 2005 and certain regulatory compliance matters, we expect to become
subject to an informal regulatory enforcement action in the form of a memorandum of
understanding (“MOU”) with the OTS. Under an MOU, the Bank may be required to reduce its
level of interest rate risk and funding concentration, adopt certain policies and procedures
to achieve such reductions and address certain compliance matters. In addition, the OTS has the
authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions, impose
restrictions on distributions from the Bank to the Company and restrict the ability of the
Company to pay dividends to its shareholders, to repurchase stock and to incur debt. We have
the intention and ability to comply with an MOU. The terms of any MOU
to which we may become subject, as well as any failure to comply with
such MOU, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and on
the value of our common stock.

The recent adoption of regulatory reform legislation has created uncertainty and may have a
material effect on our operations and capital requirements.

There are many provisions of the Reform Act which are to be implemented through regulations to be
adopted by the federal bank regulatory agencies within specified time frames following the
effective date of the Reform Act, which creates a risk of uncertainty as to the effect that such
provisions will ultimately have. Although it is not possible for us to determine at this time
whether the Reform Act will have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations, we believe the following provisions of the Reform Act will have an impact on us:

•

The elimination of our primary federal regulator, the OTS, and the assumption by the OCC
of regulatory authority over all federal savings associations, such as Hudson City Savings,
and the acquisition by the FRB of regulatory authority over all savings and loan holding
companies, such as Hudson City Bancorp, as well as all subsidiaries of savings and loan
holding companies other than depository institutions. Although the laws and regulations
currently applicable to us generally will not change by virtue of the elimination of the
OTS (except to the extent such laws have been modified by

55

Table of Contents

the Reform Act), the application
of these laws and regulations may vary as administered by the OCC and the FRB.

•

The creation of the Bureau, which will have the authority to implement and enforce a
variety of existing consumer protection statutes and to issue new regulations and, with
respect to institutions of our size, will have exclusive examination and enforcement
authority with respect to such laws and regulations. As a new independent bureau within the
FRB, it is possible that the Bureau will focus more attention on consumers and may impose
requirements more severe than the previous bank regulatory agencies, which at a minimum,
could increase our operating and compliance costs.

•

The significant roll back of the federal preemption of state consumer protection laws
that is currently enjoyed by federal savings associations and national banks. As a result,
we may now be subject to state consumer protection laws in each state where we do business,
and those laws may be interpreted and enforced differently in different states.

•

The establishment of consolidated risk-based and leverage capital requirements for
insured depository institutions, depository institution holding companies and systemically
important nonbank financial companies, as discussed below.

•

The increase in the minimum designated reserve ratio for the DIF from 1.15% to 1.35% of
insured deposits, which must be reached by September 30, 2020, and the requirement that
deposit insurance assessments be based on average consolidated total assets minus our
average tangible equity, rather than on our deposit bases. As a result of these provisions,
our deposit insurance premiums are expected to increase, and the increase may be
substantial, as discussed below.

The Reform Act imposes further restrictions on transactions with affiliates and extensions of
credit to executive officers, director and principal shareholders, by, among other things,
expanding covered transactions to include securities lending, repurchase agreement and derivatives
activities with affiliates. These changes are effective one year after the Designated Transfer
Date.

The Reform Act also includes provisions, subject to further rulemaking by the federal bank
regulatory agencies, that may affect our future operations, including provisions that create
minimum standards for the origination of mortgages, restrict proprietary trading by banking
entities, restrict the sponsorship of and investment in hedge funds and private equity funds by
banking entities and that remove certain obstacles to the conversion of savings associations to
national banks. We will not be able to determine the impact of these provisions until final rules
are promulgated to implement these provisions and other regulatory guidance is provided
interpreting these provisions.

As a result of the Reform Act and other proposed changes, we may become subject to more stringent
capital requirements.

The Reform Act requires the federal banking agencies to establish consolidated risk-based and
leverage capital requirements for insured depository institutions, depository institution holding
companies and systemically important nonbank financial companies. These requirements must be no
less than those to which insured depository institutions are currently subject. As a result, in
July 2015, we will become subject to consolidated capital requirements which we have not been
subject to previously.

In addition, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision recently announced the new “Basel III”
capital rules, which set new standards for common equity, Tier 1 and total capital, determined on a
risk-weighted basis. It is not yet known how these standards, which will be phased in over a
period of years, will be implemented by U.S. regulators generally or how they will be applied to
financial institutions of our size.

56

Table of Contents

The FDIC restoration plan and related rulemaking may have a negative impact on our results
operations.

In light of the failures of a significant number of banks and thrifts over the past several years,
which has resulted in substantial losses to the DIF, in July 2010, the Reform Act increased the
minimum designated reserve ratio for the DIF from 1.15% to 1.35% of insured deposits, which must be
reached by September 30, 2020, and provides that in setting the assessments necessary to meet the
new requirement, the FDIC shall offset the effect of this provision on insured depository
institutions with total consolidated assets of less than $10 billion, so that more of the cost of
raising the reserve ratio will be borne by the institutions with more than $10 billion in assets,
such as Hudson City Savings. In October 2010, the FDIC adopted a new restoration plan to ensure
that the DIF reserve ratio reaches 1.35% by September 30, 2020, as required by the Reform Act. The
FDIC intends to pursue further rulemaking in 2011 regarding the method that will be used to reach
the reserve ratio of 1.35% so that more of the cost of raising the reserve ratio to 1.35% will be
borne by institutions with more than $10 billion in assets.

In addition, on February 7, 2011, the FDIC adopted a final rule that redefines the assessment base
for deposit insurance assessments as average consolidated total assets minus average tangible
equity, rather than on deposit bases, as required by the Reform Act, and revises the risk-based
assessment system for all large insured depository institutions as described in greater detail
under “Regulation of Hudson City Savings Bank and Hudson City Bancorp — Deposit Insurance.” The
adoption of this final rule could result in even higher FDIC deposit insurance assessments
effective April 1, 2011, which could further increase
non-interest expense and have a negative impact on our results of operations.

Hudson City Savings Bank’s ability to pay dividends or lend funds to Hudson City Bancorp is subject
to regulatory limitations which, to the extent we need but are not able to access such funds, may
prevent us from making future dividend payments.

We are a unitary savings and loan association holding company regulated by the OTS and almost all
of our operating assets are owned by Hudson City Savings Bank. We rely primarily on dividends from
the Bank to pay cash dividends to our shareholders and to engage in share repurchase programs. The
OTS regulates all capital distributions by the Bank directly or indirectly to us, including
dividend payments. As the subsidiary of a savings and loan association holding company, the Bank
must file a notice or seek affirmative approval from

57

Table of Contents

the OTS at least 30 days prior to each
proposed capital distribution. Whether an application is required is based on a number of factors
including whether the institution qualifies for expedited treatment under the OTS rules and
regulations or if the total amount of all capital distributions (including each proposed capital
distribution) for the applicable calendar year exceeds net income for that year to date plus the
retained net income for the preceding two years. Currently, Hudson City Savings must seek approval
from the OTS for future capital distributions.

In addition, the Bank may not pay dividends to us if, after paying those dividends, it would fail
to meet the required minimum levels under risk-based capital guidelines and the minimum leverage
and tangible capital ratio requirements or the OTS has notified the Bank that it is in need of more
than normal supervision. Under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA, an insured
depository institution such as the Bank is prohibited from making a capital distribution, including
the payment of dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become
“undercapitalized” (as such term is used in the FDIA). Payment of dividends by the Bank also may
be restricted at any time at the discretion of the appropriate regulator if it deems the payment to
constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the
Bank will be able to pay dividends at past levels, or at all, in the future.

In addition to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends, the Bank is subject to certain
restrictions imposed by federal law on any extensions of credit it makes to its affiliates and on
investments in stock or other securities of its affiliates. We are considered an affiliate of the
Bank. These restrictions prevent affiliates of the Bank, including us, from borrowing from the
Bank, unless various types of collateral secure the loans. Federal law limits the aggregate amount
of loans to and investments in any single affiliate to 10% of the Bank’s capital stock and surplus
and also limits the aggregate amount of loans to and investments in all affiliates to 20% of the
Bank’s capital stock and surplus.

If we do not receive sufficient cash dividends or are unable to borrow from the Bank, then we may
not have sufficient funds to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock.

The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a
downturn in the economy.

Originating loans secured by residential real estate is our primary business. Our financial
results may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing economic conditions, either nationally
or in our local New Jersey and metropolitan New York market areas, including decreases in real
estate values, adverse employment conditions, the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal and
state government and other significant external events. As a result of our lending practices, we
have a concentration of loans secured by real property located primarily in New Jersey, New York
and Connecticut. At December 31, 2010, approximately 78.4% of our total loans are in the New York
metropolitan area.

Financial institutions continue to be affected by the sharp declines in the real estate market that
occurred over the last three years as well as the effects of the recent recessionary economy.
Declines in real estate values, home sales volumes and financial stress on borrowers as a result of
the uncertain economic environment, including job losses, have had and may continue to have an
adverse effect on our borrowers or their customers, which could adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. In addition, decreases in real estate values have adversely
affected the value of property used as collateral for our loans and result in higher loss
experience on our non-performing loans. Adverse changes in the economy, particularly in employment
conditions, may also have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely
repayments of their loans, which would have an adverse impact on our earnings. If poor economic
conditions result in decreased demand for real estate loans, our profits may decrease because our
investment alternatives may earn less income for us than real estate loans.

58

Table of Contents

We operate in a highly regulated industry, which limits the manner and scope of our business
activities.

We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination by the OTS and by the FDIC. As
a result, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, undertake new investments
and activities and obtain financing. This regulatory structure is designed primarily for the
protection of the deposit insurance funds and our depositors, and not to benefit our shareholders.
This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection
with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with
respect to capital levels, the timing and amount of dividend payments, the classification of assets
and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. In addition, we must
comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws. Government agencies have
substantial discretion to impose significant monetary penalties on institutions which fail to
comply with these laws. As a result of the financial crisis which occurred in the banking and
financial markets commencing in the second half of 2007, the overall bank regulatory climate is now
marked by caution, conservatism and a renewed focus on compliance and risk management.

We operate in a highly competitive industry.

The banking industry is highly competitive. The Company competes for loans, deposits and other
financial services in its markets and surrounding areas. In addition to local, regional, and
national banking competition in the markets it serves, the Company competes with other financial
institutions, money market and other mutual funds, insurance companies, brokerage companies and
other non-depository financial service companies, including certain governmental organizations
which may offer subsidized financing at lower rates than those offered by the Bank. Beginning in
2007, general economic conditions were impacted by credit and capital market turmoil followed by
significant deterioration in the banking industry and a general downturn in the economy. The
continuing weakened performance of the banking industry has provided particular competitive
pressure. A combination of a difficult lending environment with historically high cost of
certificates of deposit and other consumer pricing compared to other borrowing alternatives and
asset yields has increased the pressure on net interest margin at the Bank, as well as at most
other community banking organizations in their markets.

Non-performing assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect the Company’s results
of operations and financial condition.

Non-performing assets adversely affect the Company’s net earnings in various ways. The Company
expects to continue to have a provision for loan losses relating to non-performing loans that is
higher than its historical experience. The Company generally does not record interest income on
non-performing loans or other real estate owned, thereby reducing its earnings, while its loan
administration costs are higher for non-performing loans. When the Company takes collateral in
foreclosures and similar proceedings, the Company is required to mark the related asset to the
then-fair market value of the collateral, which may ultimately result in a loss. An increase in
the level of non-performing assets increases the Company’s risk profile and may affect the capital
levels regulators believe are appropriate. At December 31, 2010 our non-performing loans amounted
to $871.3 million or 2.82% of total loans as compared to $627.7 million or 1.98% of total loans at
December 31, 2009 and our charge-offs amounted to $98.5 million for 2010 as compared to $47.2
million in 2009. There can be no assurance that the Company will not experience future increases in
non-performing assets.

59

Table of Contents

The recently publicized foreclosure issues affecting the nation’s largest mortgage loan
servicers could impact our foreclosure process and timing to completion of foreclosures.

Several of the nation’s largest mortgage loan servicers have experienced highly publicized
compliance issues with respect to their foreclosure processes. This has resulted in greater bank
regulatory, court and state attorney general scrutiny and consumer lawsuits. These difficulties
and the potential legal and regulatory responses could impact the foreclosure process and timing to
completion of foreclosures for residential mortgage lenders generally, including the Company. Over
the past few years, foreclosure timelines have increased in general due to, among other reasons,
processing delays associated with the significant increase in the number of foreclosure cases as a
result of the economic crisis and voluntary (and in some cases mandatory) programs intended to
permit or require lenders to consider loan modifications or other alternatives to foreclosure.
In addition, the Superior Court of New Jersey has served an order on the largest mortgage loan
servicers in the country inquiring as to the servicers’ foreclosure practices and requiring each to
produce evidence of compliance with New Jersey state law. The Superior Court has asked an
additional group of mortgage servicers in New Jersey, including the Company, to produce
documentation demonstrating that there are no irregularities in the handling of foreclosure
proceedings. It is expected that this process will further delay the foreclosure process in the
State of New Jersey. The Company is expected to timely file the requested documents. The Company
is not a
defendant in a lawsuit nor is it a target of any particular investigation. Further increases in the
foreclosure timeline may have an adverse effect on collateral values and our ability to maximize
our recoveries.