Our net interest margin may contract further in the current interest rate environment and changes in interest rates could adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The current protracted low interest rate environment has
resulted in a continued trend of net interest margin compression. During this period of low market interest rates, elevated levels of prepayments and refinancings have resulted in a decrease in the yields earned on our interest-earning assets while
our interest-bearing liabilities are repricing at a slower rate and include borrowings that are not expected to reprice in the near-term. Throughout 2012 we experienced declines in net interest income in each quarter. We expect net interest income
to continue to decline in the current environment. 

The FOMC noted in the fourth quarter of 2012 that economic activity and
employment have continued to expand at a moderate pace, apart from weather-related disruptions, although the unemployment rate remains elevated. The FOMC decided to maintain the overnight lending rate at zero to 0.25% during the fourth quarter of
2012 and stated that exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate will be appropriate at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 6.5%. Previously, the FOMC stated that these levels for the federal funds rate are likely to be
warranted at least through mid-2015. 

The FOMC decided to expand its accommodative monetary policy by purchasing an additional
$40.0 billion of agency mortgage-backed securities per month to ensure that inflation is at the rate most consistent 

56 

Table of Contents

with its dual mandate regarding both inflation and unemployment. In addition, during 2013 the Federal Reserve will purchase longer-term Treasury securities initially at a pace of $45.0 billion
per month. This follows the completion of “Operation Twist” at the end of 2012. As a result, market interest rates have remained at low levels, and consequently, the yields on our mortgage-related assets continued to decrease during 2012.

We expect that the actions of the FOMC will place additional downward pressure on our net interest margin as our
interest-earning assets re-price to lower levels. 

Our ability to originate mortgage loans for portfolio has been
adversely affected by the increased competition resulting from the unprecedented involvement of the U.S. government and GSEs in the residential mortgage market and the protracted low interest rate environment has made reinvestment of cash flows
difficult. 

We have faced increased competition for mortgage loans due to the unprecedented involvement of the GSEs in
the mortgage market as a result of the economic crisis. The GSEs involvement is also an attempt to provide stimulus to the housing markets and has caused the interest rates for the thirty year fixed rate mortgage loans that conform to the GSEs’
guidelines for purchase to remain low. We originate loans that conform to the GSE guidelines and retain them in our portfolio. Further, the FOMC has pursued various programs to keep interest rates at low levels while recent economic conditions
continue. The actions of the FOMC and the involvement of the GSEs have resulted in elevated levels of prepayments and refinancings and have made reinvestment opportunities scarce. As a result, we reduced the size of our balance sheet in 2012.

We expect this adverse environment for portfolio lending to continue, with the likely result that we will continue to reduce
the size of our balance sheet which would adversely affect net interest income . 

Hudson City stockholders who make elections to receive cash, stock or mixed consideration in the Merger may be unable to sell their shares in the market pending the Merger. 

Hudson City stockholders may elect to receive cash, stock or mixed consideration in the Merger by completing an election form that will
be provided to stockholders. Elections will require that stockholders making the election turn in their Hudson City stock certificates. This means that during the time between when the election is made and the date the Merger is completed, Hudson
City stockholders will be unable to sell their Hudson City common stock. If the Merger is unexpectedly delayed, this period could extend for a significant period of time. Hudson City stockholders can shorten the period during which they cannot sell
their shares by delivering their election shortly before the election deadline. However, elections received after the election deadline will not be accepted or honored. 

57 

Table of Contents

The Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the Merger may
not be completed. 

The Merger Agreement is subject to a number of conditions which must be fulfilled in order to
complete the Merger. Those conditions include: approval of the merger agreement by Hudson City stockholders, approval of the issuance of M&T Common Stock in connection with the merger by M&T shareholders, receipt of requisite regulatory
approvals, absence of orders prohibiting completion of the merger, effectiveness of the registration statement of which this document is a part, approval of the shares of M&T Common Stock to be issued to Hudson City stockholders for listing on
the NYSE, the continued accuracy of the representations and warranties by both parties and the performance by both parties of their covenants and agreements, and the receipt by both parties of legal opinions from their respective tax counsels. If
these conditions to the closing of the Merger are not fulfilled, then the Merger may not be completed. In addition, if the Merger is not completed by August 27, 2013, either M&T or Hudson City may choose not to proceed with the Merger, and
the parties can mutually decide to terminate the merger agreement at any time, before or after shareholder approval. In addition, M&T may elect to terminate the merger agreement in certain other circumstances. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement could negatively impact Hudson City. 

If the Merger Agreement is terminated, Hudson City’s business may be adversely impacted by the failure to pursue other beneficial
opportunities due to the focus of management on the Merger. In addition, if the Merger Agreement is terminated, the market price of Hudson City common stock might decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that
the Merger will be completed. If the Merger Agreement is terminated and Hudson City’s board of directors seeks another merger or business combination, Hudson City stockholders cannot be certain that Hudson City will be able to find a party
willing to offer equivalent or more attractive consideration than the consideration M&T has agreed to provide in the Merger. If the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, Hudson City may be required to pay a termination fee
of $125 million to M&T. 

Hudson City will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while
the Merger is pending. 

Uncertainty about the effect of the Merger on employees and customers may have an adverse
effect on Hudson City and consequently on M&T. These uncertainties may impair Hudson City’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the Merger is completed, and could cause customers and others that deal with Hudson City
to seek to change existing business relationships with Hudson City. Retention of certain employees may be challenging during the pendency of the Merger, as certain employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles. If key employees
depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the business, Hudson City’s business could be negatively impacted. In addition, the Merger Agreement restricts Hudson City from
making certain acquisitions and taking other specified actions until the merger occurs without the consent of M&T. These restrictions may prevent Hudson City from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion
of the Merger. 

58 

Table of Contents

Various lawsuits have been filed against Hudson City, Hudson City’s Board of
Directors and M&T challenging the Merger, and an adverse judgment in any such lawsuit may prevent the Merger from being completed or from being completed within the expected timeframe 

Hudson City, Hudson City’s board of directors and M&T are named as defendants in 24 lawsuits brought by various Hudson City
shareholders, both in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and the Superior Court for Bergen County, Chancery Division, of New Jersey. Certain of the complaints also name Hudson City Savings Bank and Wilmington Trust Corporation as
defendants. The lawsuits challenge the proposed Merger and seek, among other things, to enjoin the completion of the Merger on the agreed-upon terms and an award of costs and attorneys’ fees. Certain of the actions also seek an accounting of
damages sustained as a result of the alleged breaches of fiduciary duty and punitive damages. 

One of the conditions to the
closing of the Merger is that no judgment, decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) issued by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the completion of the Merger shall be in effect.
As such, if a settlement or other resolution is not reached in these lawsuits and the plaintiffs are successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting the completion of the Merger on the agreed-upon terms, then such injunction may prevent the Merger
from being completed, or from being completed within the expected timeframe. 

We are required to comply with the terms
of the Bank MOU and the Company MOU that we have entered into with our regulators, and lack of compliance could result in additional regulatory enforcement actions. 

The Bank entered into a MOU with the OCC on March 31, 2012 which was reviewed and approved by the Bank’s Board of Directors and which is substantially similar to the MOU the Bank entered into
with our former regulator, the OTS, on June 24, 2011. In accordance with the Bank MOU, the Bank will continue to evaluate, refine and implement enhanced operating policies and procedures that will enable us to continue to: (a) reduce our
level of interest rate risk, (b) reduce our funding concentration, (c) diversify our funding sources, (d) enhance our liquidity position, (e) monitor and manage loan modifications and (f) maintain our capital position in
accordance with our capital plan. In addition, we developed a written Strategic Plan for the Bank which establishes various strategic, financial and operational objectives and strategies for achieving those objectives. 

The Company entered into a MOU with the FRB on April 24, 2012 which is substantially similar to the MOU the Company entered into
with our former regulator, the OTS, on June 24, 2011. In accordance with the Company MOU, the Company must, among other things support the Bank’s compliance with the Bank MOU. The Company MOU also requires the Company to:
(a) obtain written approval from the FRB prior to receiving a capital distribution from the Bank or declaring a dividend to shareholders and (b) obtain approval from the FRB prior to repurchasing or redeeming any Company stock or incurring
any debt with a maturity of greater than one year. Under the Company MOU the Company was required to submit a comprehensive Capital Plan and a comprehensive Earnings Plan to the FRB. 

Other than the implementation of the strategic plan that has been suspended pending the completion of the Merger, the Board and
management are continuing to implement the items required by the Bank MOU and the Company MOU. A finding by our regulators that the Company or the Bank failed to comply with the MOU could result in additional regulatory scrutiny, constraints on our
business, or formal enforcement action. Any of those events could have a material adverse effect on our future operations, financial condition, growth or other aspects of our business. 

59 

Table of Contents

As a result of the Reform Act and other proposed changes, we may become subject to
more stringent capital requirements and other enhanced prudential standards. 

The Reform Act requires the federal
banking agencies to establish consolidated risk-based and leverage capital requirements for insured depository institutions, depository institution holding companies and systemically important nonbank financial companies. These requirements must be
no less than those to which insured depository institutions are currently subject. In addition, the Reform Act specifically authorizes the FRB to issue regulations relating to capital requirements for savings and loan holding companies. As a result,
no later than July 2015, we will become subject to consolidated capital requirements which we have not been subject to previously. 

The Agencies issued a notice of proposed rulemaking for three sets of proposed rules during 2012, which will subject all savings and loan holding companies, including Hudson City, to consolidated capital
requirements. These three sets of proposed rules would revise the quantity and quality of required minimum risk-based and leverage capital requirements, consistent with the Reform Act and the Basel III capital standards, and revise the FRB’s
rules for calculating risk-weighted assets to enhance their risk sensitivity. The new minimum regulatory capital ratios and changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets were expected to be phased-in beginning in January 2013, however, the
Agencies announced on November 9, 2012 that such proposed rules would not become effective in January 2013. At this time, no final rules have been announced or published and no further guidance has been issued by any of the Agencies. If the
three sets of proposed rules are adopted as proposed, we believe we would be in compliance with the new minimum capital requirements as of December 31, 2012. 

During late 2012, the OCC published its final rules requiring annual capital-adequacy stress tests for national banks and federal savings associations with consolidated assets of more than $10 billion,
which were proposed in January 2012. Under the final rule, the bank will be required to perform annual stress tests using economic scenarios provided by the OCC, to calculate, for each quarter-end within a nine-quarter planning horizon, the impact
of such scenarios on revenues, losses, loan loss reserves, and regulatory capital levels and ratios, taking into account all relevant exposures and activities. On or before March 31 of each year, the Bank is required to submit a report of the
results of our stress test to the OCC. Between June 15 and June 30, the Bank is required to publish a summary of the results. The final rule also requires each institution to establish and maintain a system of controls, oversight, and
documentation, including policies and procedures, designed to ensure that the stress testing processes used by the institution are effective in meeting the requirements of the rule. Although the final rules became effective on October 9, 2012,
the Agencies revised the timeline for implementing the final rules for national banks and federal savings associations with consolidated assets between $10 billion and $50 billion, such as Hudson City, delaying the requirement to perform annual
capital-adequacy stress tests until October 2013. Therefore, Hudson City as a covered institution under the final rules, will be required to conduct an annual stress test using its financial data as of September 30, 2013 which assesses the
potential impact of different scenarios on the capital of Hudson City and certain related items over a forward-looking, nine-quarter planning horizon, taking into account all relevant exposures and activities. 

In addition, in October of 2012, the FRB published two final rules with stress testing requirements for certain bank
holding companies, state member banks, and savings and loan holding companies. In accordance with these rules, the FRB began conducting supervisory stress tests in the fall of 2012 for the 19 bank holding companies that participated in the 2009
Supervisory Capital Assessment Program and subsequent Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Reviews. The final rule also required these companies to conduct their own stress tests, with the results to be publicly disclosed in March 2013. In addition to
the stress test requirements applicable to these 19 bank holding companies, under the final rule institutions, such as Hudson City, are required to conduct annual stress tests as of September 30
th

. Institutions with

60 

Table of Contents

less than $50 billion in assets, such as Hudson City, are required to submit regulatory reports to the FRB on their stress tests by March 31st. A summary of the company-run stress tests is
required to be published. The stress test requirement is predicated on a company being subject to consolidated capital requirements and, therefore, the FRB will delay effectiveness of this requirement for savings and loan holding companies until the
FRB has established risk-based capital requirements for such institutions. 

While we are continuing to review the impact of
the Reform Act, Basel III and the related proposed rulemaking, there can be no assurance that the Reform Act and the proposed rules, if adopted, will not have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

New and future rulemaking from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau may have a material effect on our operations
and operating costs 

The creation of the CFPB, which has the authority to implement and enforce a variety of existing
consumer protection statutes and to issue new regulations and, with respect to institutions of our size, has exclusive examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to such laws and regulations. As an independent bureau within the FRB,
the CFPB may impose requirements more severe than the previous bank regulatory agencies. 

Pursuant to the Reform Act, in
January 2013, the CFPB issued a series of final rules related to mortgage loan origination and mortgage loan servicing. These final rules, most provisions of which become effective January 10, 2014, prohibit creditors, such as Hudson City, from
extending mortgage loans without regard for the consumer’s ability to repay and add restrictions and requirements to mortgage origination and servicing practices. In addition, these rules restrict the application of prepayment penalties and
compensation practices relating to mortgage loan underwriting. Compliance with these rules will likely increase our overall regulatory compliance costs and may require us to change our underwriting practices. Moreover, it is possible that these
rules may adversely affect the volume of mortgage loans that we underwrite and may subject Hudson City to increased potential liability related to its residential loan origination activities. 

We are subject to regulatory requirements and limitations that may impact our ability to pay future dividends. 

We are a unitary savings and loan association holding company regulated by the FRB and almost all of our operating assets are owned by
Hudson City Savings Bank. We rely primarily on dividends from the Bank to pay cash dividends to our shareholders and to engage in share repurchase programs. The OCC regulates all capital distributions by the Bank directly or indirectly to
us, including dividend payments. As the subsidiary of a savings and loan association holding company, the Bank must file a notice or seek affirmative approval from the OCC at least 30 days prior to each proposed capital distribution. Whether an
application is required is based on a number of factors including whether the institution qualifies for expedited treatment under the OCC rules and regulations or if the total amount of all capital distributions (including each proposed capital
distribution) for the applicable calendar year exceeds net income for that year to date plus the retained net income for the preceding two years. Currently, Hudson City Savings must seek approval from the OCC for future capital distributions. In
addition, as the subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company, Hudson City Savings must also seek approval from the FRB before declaring a dividend. 

In addition, the Bank may not pay dividends to us if, after paying those dividends, it would fail to meet the required minimum levels under risk-based capital guidelines and the minimum leverage and
tangible capital ratio requirements or the OCC has notified the Bank that it is in need of more than normal supervision. Under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA, an insured depository institution such as the Bank is prohibited
from making a capital distribution, including the payment of dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become “undercapitalized” (as such term is used in the FDIA). Payment of

61 

Table of Contents

dividends by the Bank also may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the appropriate regulator if it deems the payment to constitute an unsafe or unsound banking
practice. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Bank will be able to pay dividends at past levels, or at all, in the future. 

In addition to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends, the Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on any extensions of credit it makes to its affiliates and on
investments in stock or other securities of its affiliates. We are considered an affiliate of the Bank. These restrictions prevent affiliates of the Bank, including us, from borrowing from the Bank, unless various types of collateral
secure the loans. Federal law limits the aggregate amount of loans to and investments in any single affiliate to 10% of the Bank’s capital stock and surplus and also limits the aggregate amount of loans to and investments in all affiliates
to 20% of the Bank’s capital stock and surplus. 

If we do not receive sufficient cash dividends or are unable to borrow
from the Bank, then we may not have sufficient funds to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock. 

Pursuant to the terms
of the Company MOU, we are required to file a notice with the FRB at least 30 days prior to declaring any future cash dividend, which notice must evidence our compliance with applicable guidance regarding payment of dividends issued by the FRB. This
process will enable the FRB to comment on, object to or otherwise prohibit us from paying the proposed dividend. The supervisory guidance issued by the FRB states that we should either eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends if
(i) our net income available to common shareholders over the past year is insufficient to fully fund a dividend, (ii) our prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with our capital needs and our overall current or
prospective financial condition or (iii) we will not meet, or are in danger of not meeting, our minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 

The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the economy. 

Originating loans secured by residential real estate is our primary business. Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes
in prevailing economic conditions, either nationally or in our local New Jersey and metropolitan New York market areas, including the level of short-term and long-term interest rates, decreases in real estate values, adverse employment conditions,
the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal and state government, the strength of the economy in the United States generally and in the Company’s market area in particular, and other significant external events. As a result of our lending
practices, we have a concentration of loans secured by real property located primarily in New Jersey, New York and Connecticut. At December 31, 2012, approximately 99% of our total loans are residential first mortgage loans and approximately
82% of our total loans are in the New York metropolitan area. 

Financial institutions continue to be affected by the sharp
declines in the real estate market that occurred over the last several years as well as the effects of the recent recessionary economy. Declines in real estate values, home sales volumes and financial stress on borrowers as a result of the uncertain
economic environment, including job losses, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our borrowers or their customers, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, decreases in real
estate values have adversely affected the value of property used as collateral for our loans and result in higher loss experience on our non-performing loans. Adverse changes in the economy, particularly in employment conditions, may also have a
negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans, which would have an adverse impact on our earnings. As a result of the concentration of loans in the New York metropolitan area, a prolonged or more severe
downturn in the local economy could result in significant increases in nonperforming loans, which would negatively affect the Company’s interest income and result in higher provisions for loan losses, which would hurt the Company’s
earnings. If poor economic conditions result in decreased demand for real estate loans, our profits may decrease because our investment alternatives may earn less income for us than real estate loans. 

62 

Table of Contents

We operate in a highly regulated industry, which limits the manner and scope of our
business activities. 

We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination by the FRB, the OCC, the
CFPB and the FDIC. As a result, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, undertake new investments and activities and obtain financing. This regulatory structure is designed primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance
funds and our depositors, as well as other consumers, and not to benefit our shareholders. This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and
examination policies, including policies with respect to capital levels, the timing and amount of dividend payments, the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. In addition, we must
comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws. Government agencies have substantial discretion to impose significant monetary penalties on institutions which fail to comply with these laws. As a result of the recent financial
crisis which occurred in the banking and financial markets, the overall bank regulatory climate is now marked by caution, conservatism and a renewed focus on compliance and risk management. 

Non-performing assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial
condition. 

Non-performing assets adversely affect the Company’s net earnings in various ways. The Company
expects to continue to have a provision for loan losses relating to non-performing loans that is higher than its historical experience. The Company generally does not record interest income on non-performing loans or other real estate owned, thereby
reducing its earnings, while its loan administration costs are higher for non-performing loans. When the Company takes collateral in foreclosures and similar proceedings, the Company is required to mark the related asset to the then-fair market
value of the collateral, which may ultimately result in a loss. Until the recent recessionary cycle, it was our experience that as a non-performing loan approached foreclosure, the borrower sold the underlying property or, if there was a second
mortgage or other subordinated lien, the subordinated lien holder would purchase the property to protect their interest thereby resulting in the full payment of principal and interest to Hudson City Savings. This process normally took approximately
12 months. However, due to the unprecedented level of foreclosures and the desire by most states to slow the foreclosure process, we are now experiencing a time frame to repayment or foreclosure ranging from 30 to 36 months from the initial
non-performing period. Given the delays in foreclosures in our market area, the level of our non-performing assets is expected to continue to increase. An increase in the level of non-performing assets increases the Company’s risk profile and
may affect the capital levels regulators believe are appropriate. At December 31, 2012 our non-performing loans amounted to $1.16 billion or 4.29% of total loans as compared to $1.02 billion or 3.48% of total loans at December 31, 2011 and
our charge-offs, net of recoveries, amounted to $66.4 million for 2012 as compared to $82.8 million in 2011. There can be no assurance that the Company will not experience future increases in non-performing assets.