The Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the Merger may not be completed. 

The Merger Agreement is subject to a number of conditions which must be fulfilled in order to complete the Merger. Those conditions include: approval of the
Merger Agreement by Hudson City Bancorp stockholders, approval of the issuance of M&T Common Stock in connection with the Merger by M&T shareholders, receipt of requisite regulatory approvals, absence of orders prohibiting completion of the
Merger, approval of the shares of M&T Common Stock to be issued to Hudson City stockholders for listing on the NYSE, the continued 

56 

Table of Contents

accuracy of the representations and warranties by both parties and the performance by both parties of their covenants and agreements, and the receipt by both parties of legal opinions from their
respective tax counsels. Hudson City Bancorp stockholders have approved the Merger Agreement and M&T’s stockholders have approved the issuance of M&T Common Stock. However, if the remaining conditions to the closing of the Merger are
not fulfilled, the Merger may not be completed. 
On April 12, 2013, M&T and Hudson City Bancorp announced that additional time will be required
to obtain a regulatory determination on the applications necessary to complete the proposed Merger due to concerns raised by the FRB regarding M&T’s BSA/AML procedures, systems and processes. On April 13, 2013, M&T and Hudson City
Bancorp entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Merger Agreement, extending the date after which either party may elect to terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger has not yet been completed, to January 31, 2014. On December 17, 2013,
M&T and the Company announced that additional time will be required to obtain a regulatory determination on the applications necessary to complete the proposed Merger as M&T continues to address the Federal Reserve’s concerns with
M&T’s BSA/AML procedures, systems and processes, and that the earliest the Merger could be completed is the latter half of 2014. As a result, M&T and the Company entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Merger Agreement, which extends
the date after which either party may elect to terminate the Merger Agreement if the Merger has not yet been completed, from January 31, 2014 to December 31, 2014. In accordance with Amendment No. 2, the Company may elect to terminate
the Merger Agreement at any time if the Company reasonably determines that M&T is unlikely to be able to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals in time to permit the closing to occur on or prior to December 31, 2014. There can be no
assurances that the Merger will be completed by that date or that the Company will not exercise its right to terminate the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms. 

Termination of the Merger Agreement could negatively impact Hudson City. 

If the Merger Agreement is terminated, Hudson City Bancorp’s business may be adversely impacted by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities
due to the focus of management on the Merger. In addition, if the Merger Agreement is terminated, the market price of Hudson City Bancorp common stock might decline to the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the
Merger will be completed. If the Merger Agreement is terminated and Hudson City Bancorp’s board of directors seeks another merger or business combination, Hudson City Bancorp stockholders cannot be certain that Hudson City Bancorp will be able
to find a party willing to offer equivalent or more attractive consideration than the consideration M&T has agreed to provide in the Merger. 

Hudson City Bancorp stockholders who make elections to receive cash, stock or mixed consideration in the Merger will be unable to sell their shares in
the market pending the Merger. 

Hudson City Bancorp stockholders may elect to receive cash, stock or mixed consideration in the Merger by
completing an election form that will be provided to stockholders. Elections will require that stockholders making the election turn in their Hudson City Bancorp stock certificates. This means that during the time between when the election is made
and the date the Merger is completed, Hudson City Bancorp stockholders will be unable to sell their Hudson City Bancorp common stock. If the election forms are returned by Hudson City Bancorp stockholders and then the Merger is unexpectedly delayed,
this period could extend for a significant period of time. Hudson City Bancorp stockholders can shorten the period during which they cannot sell their shares by delivering their election shortly before the election deadline. However, elections
received after the election deadline will not be accepted or honored. 
Hudson City will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual
restrictions while the Merger is pending. 

Uncertainty about the effect of the Merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on
Hudson City. These uncertainties may impair Hudson City’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the 

57 

Table of Contents

Merger is completed, and could cause customers and others that deal with Hudson City to seek to change existing business relationships with Hudson City. Retention of certain employees may be
challenging during the pendency of the Merger, as certain employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles. If key employees depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain
with the business, Hudson City’s business could be negatively impacted. In addition, the Merger Agreement still restricts Hudson City from making certain acquisitions and taking other specified actions until the Merger occurs without the
consent of M&T. These restrictions may prevent Hudson City from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior to the completion of the Merger. 

Successful implementation of our Strategic Plan may be difficult during the pendency of the Merger and we may not be able to fully execute on our new
initiatives. 

Hudson City has historically been a community and consumer oriented retail savings bank, offering traditional deposit products and
focusing on one- to four-family residential mortgages. However, the recent economic downturn made it difficult for us to profitably grow our business in the same manner as in the past. Prior to the announcement of the Merger, we retained an outside
consultant to assist management in developing the Strategic Plan. The operational core of the Strategic Plan is the expansion of our loan and deposit product offerings over time to create more balanced sources of revenue and funding and includes
initiatives such as secondary mortgage market operations, commercial real estate lending, the introduction of small business banking products and developing a more robust suite of consumer banking products. 

In the event the Merger is not completed, our future success will depend on our ability to effectively implement our Strategic Plan. There are risks and
uncertainties associated with the implementation and execution of the Strategic Plan initiatives, including the investment of time and resources, the possibility that these initiatives will be unprofitable, and the risk of additional liabilities
associated with these initiatives. In addition, our ability to successfully execute on these new initiatives will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain talented individuals, which may be difficult during the pendency of the Merger, to
help manage these new operations. In addition, successful execution of the initiatives will require satisfactory market conditions that will allow us to profitably grow these new businesses. While we expect to incur start up expenses for our
prioritized initiatives throughout 2014, we do not expect to realize revenues from these efforts until the latter part of 2014. Our revenues and operating results may be adversely affected if we experience further delays or we are unable to
successfully implement the strategic initiatives set forth in the Strategic Plan. 
Future balance sheet restructuring would adversely affect our net
income. 

As part of our Strategic Plan, we are continuing to explore ways to reduce our interest rate risk while strengthening our balance sheet,
which may include a further restructuring of our balance sheet during 2014. The Company previously completed a series of restructuring transactions in 2011 that reduced higher-cost structured borrowings on the Company’s balance sheet.
Management is currently considering a variety of different restructuring alternatives, including whether to restructure all or various portions of our borrowed funds and various alternatives for replacement funding. No decision has been made at this
time regarding the timing, structure and scope of any restructuring transaction. Decisions regarding any restructuring transaction are dependent upon, among other things, market interest rates, overall economic conditions and the status of the
Merger. However, any such transaction will likely not occur before the second half of 2014. Similar to the 2011 restructuring transactions, we expect any restructuring to result in a decrease in the size of our balance sheet and a material charge to
earnings, though we also expect an improvement in net interest margin and future earnings prospects. 

58 

Table of Contents

New and future rulemaking from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the “CFPB”) may have a
material effect on our loan production and on our operations and operating costs. 

The CFPB has the authority to implement and enforce a variety of
existing consumer protection statutes and to issue new regulations and, with respect to institutions of our size, has exclusive examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to such laws and regulations. As an independent bureau within
the FRB, the CFPB may impose requirements more severe than the previous bank regulatory agencies. 
Pursuant to the Reform Act, in January 2013, the CFPB
issued a series of final rules related to mortgage loan origination and mortgage loan servicing. These final rules went into effect in January 2014 and prohibit creditors, such as Hudson City Savings Bank, from extending mortgage loans without
regard for the consumer’s ability to repay and establishes certain protections from liability for loans that meet the requirements of a “qualified mortgage.” In addition, these rules add restrictions and requirements to mortgage
origination and servicing practices and restrict the application of prepayment penalties and compensation practices relating to mortgage loan underwriting. Compliance with these rules required us to change our underwriting practices and in January
2014 we discontinued our reduced documentation loan program in order to comply with the newly effective CFPB requirements to validate a borrower’s ability to repay and the corresponding safe harbor for qualified mortgages. During 2013, 22% of
our total loan production consisted of reduced documentation loans. As a result, we expect that these rules will adversely affect the volume of mortgage loans that we underwrite and may subject the Bank to increased potential liability related to
its residential loan origination activities. 
Multi-family and commercial real estate lending may expose us to increased lending risks. 

As part of our Strategic Plan, beginning in the second half of 2014, we intend to commence diversifying our loan portfolio through the purchase and origination
of commercial real estate loans and interests in such loans. Multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loans generally involve a greater degree of credit risk than residential mortgage loans because they typically have larger balances and are
more affected by adverse conditions in the economy. Because payments on loans secured by multi-family properties and commercial real estate often depend upon the successful operation and management of the properties and the businesses which operate
from within them, repayment of such loans may be affected by factors outside the borrower’s control, such as adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy or changes in government regulation. 

To the extent we originate multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loans in areas other than the New York metropolitan area, we could be subject to
additional risks with respect to multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage lending in those areas since we have less direct oversight of the local market and the borrowers’ operations. 

New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. A failure to successfully manage these risks may have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

From time to time and in accordance with our Strategic Plan, we plan to implement new lines of business and offer
new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services, we will invest significant
time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance
with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service
could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

59 

Table of Contents

Our net interest margin may contract further in the current interest rate environment and changes in
interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

The current protracted low interest rate environment has
resulted in a continued trend of net interest margin compression. During this period of low market interest rates, elevated levels of prepayments and refinancings have resulted in a decrease in the yields earned on our interest-earning assets while
our interest-bearing liabilities are repricing at a slower rate and include borrowings that are not expected to reprice in the near-term. Throughout 2013 we experienced declines in net interest income in each quarter. We expect net interest income
to continue to decline in the current environment. 
The FOMC noted that economic activity has been expanding at a moderate pace. The FOMC noted that some
indicators of labor market conditions have shown further improvement in recent months, but the unemployment rate, which has declined, remains elevated. Household spending and business fixed investment advanced, while the housing sector has slowed in
recent months. The national unemployment rate decreased to 6.7% in December 2013 from 7.8% in December 2012. The FOMC decided to maintain the overnight lending target rate at zero to 0.25% during the fourth quarter of 2013 and stated that
exceptionally low levels for the federal funds rate will be appropriate for at least as long as the unemployment rate remains above 6.5%. The FOMC anticipates that it likely will be appropriate to maintain the current federal funds rate well past
the time that the unemployment rate declines below 6.5%, especially if projected inflation continues to run below the FOMC’s 2% longer-run goal. 
The
FOMC decided to reduce the rate of purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities to $30.0 billion per month from $35.0 billion per month and to reduce purchases of longer-term Treasury securities to $35.0 billion per month from $40.0 billion per
month. The FOMC also noted that its sizeable and increasing holdings of longer-term securities should maintain downward pressure on longer-term interest rates, support mortgage markets, promote a stronger economy and help to ensure that inflation,
over time, is at the rate most consistent with the FOMC’s dual mandate regarding both inflation and unemployment. 
We expect that the actions of the
FOMC will place additional downward pressure on our net interest margin as our interest-earning assets continue to re-price to lower levels, primarily as a result of elevated levels of prepayments, and as we continue to experience a lack of
attractive reinvestment opportunities due to low market interest rates. 
We are required to comply with the terms of the Bank MOU and the Company
MOU that we have entered into with our regulators, and lack of compliance could result in additional regulatory enforcement actions. 

The Bank
entered into a MOU with the OCC on March 31, 2012 which was reviewed and approved by the Bank’s Board of Directors and which is substantially similar to and replaced the MOU the Bank entered into with our former regulator, the OTS, on
June 24, 2011. In accordance with the Bank MOU, the Bank will continue to evaluate, refine and implement enhanced operating policies and procedures that will enable us to continue to: (a) reduce our level of interest rate risk,
(b) reduce our funding concentration, (c) diversify our funding sources, (d) enhance our liquidity position, (e) monitor and manage loan modifications and (f) maintain our capital position in accordance with our capital
plan. In addition, we developed the Strategic Plan which establishes objectives and strategies for achieving those objectives. 
The Company entered into a
MOU with the FRB on April 24, 2012 which is substantially similar to and replaced the MOU the Company entered into with our former regulator, the OTS, on June 24, 2011. In accordance with the Company MOU, the Company must, among
other things support the Bank’s compliance with the Bank MOU. The Company MOU also requires the Company to: (a) obtain written approval from the FRB prior to receiving a capital distribution from the Bank or declaring a dividend to
shareholders and (b) obtain approval from the FRB prior to repurchasing or redeeming any Company stock or incurring any debt with a maturity of greater than one year. Under the Company MOU the Company was required to submit a comprehensive
Capital Plan and a comprehensive Earnings Plan to the FRB. 

60 

Table of Contents

The Board and management are continuing to implement the items required by the Bank MOU and the Company MOU. A
finding by our regulators that the Company or the Bank failed to comply with the MOU could result in additional regulatory scrutiny, constraints on our business, or formal enforcement action. Any of those events could have a material adverse effect
on our future operations, financial condition, growth or other aspects of our business. 
As a result of the Reform Act and recent rulemaking, we
will become subject to more stringent capital requirements. 

Pursuant to the Reform Act, in July 2013, the Agencies adopted the Final Rules to
update the Agencies’ general risk-based capital and leverage capital requirements to incorporate agreements reflected in Basel III as well as the requirements of the Reform Act. Among other things, the Final Capital Rules establish a new
minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5% and increase the minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio from 4.0% to 6.0%. In addition, the Final Capital Rules add a requirement to maintain a minimum Conservation Buffer, composed of
common equity Tier 1 capital, of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets and provide that the failure to maintain the Conservation Buffer will result in restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers. The
Final Capital Rules are described in more detail in “Regulation of Hudson City Savings Bank and Hudson City Bancorp” above. 
While we are
continuing to review the impact of the Final Capital Rules, there can be no assurance that the Final Capital Rules will not have a material impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the failure to meet the
established capital requirements could result in the Agencies placing limitations or conditions on our activities or restricting the commencement of new activities, and such failure could subject us to a variety of enforcement remedies available to
the federal regulatory authorities, including limiting our ability to pay dividends; issuing a directive to increase our capital; and terminating our FDIC deposit insurance. 

We are subject to regulatory requirements and limitations that may impact our ability to pay future dividends. 

We are a unitary savings and loan association holding company regulated by the FRB and almost all of our operating assets are owned by Hudson City Savings
Bank. We rely primarily on dividends from the Bank to pay cash dividends to our shareholders and to engage in share repurchase programs. The OCC regulates all capital distributions by the Bank directly or indirectly to us, including
dividend payments. As the subsidiary of a savings and loan association holding company, the Bank must file a notice or seek affirmative approval from the OCC at least 30 days prior to each proposed capital distribution. Whether an application
is required is based on a number of factors including whether the institution qualifies for expedited treatment under the OCC rules and regulations or if the total amount of all capital distributions (including each proposed capital distribution)
for the applicable calendar year exceeds net income for that year to date plus the retained net income for the preceding two years. Currently, Hudson City Savings must seek approval from the OCC for future capital distributions. In addition, as the
subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company, Hudson City Savings must also seek approval from the FRB before declaring a dividend. 
In addition, the
Bank may not pay dividends to us if, after paying those dividends, it would fail to meet the required minimum levels under risk-based capital guidelines and the minimum leverage and tangible capital ratio requirements or the OCC has notified the
Bank that it is in need of more than normal supervision. Under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA, an insured depository institution such as the Bank is prohibited from making a capital distribution, including the payment of
dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become “undercapitalized” (as such term is used in the FDIA). Payment of dividends by the Bank also may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the
appropriate regulator if it deems the payment to constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Bank will be able to pay dividends at past levels, or at all, in the future. 

61 

Table of Contents

In addition to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends, the Bank is subject to certain restrictions
imposed by federal law on any extensions of credit it makes to its affiliates and on investments in stock or other securities of its affiliates. We are considered an affiliate of the Bank. These restrictions prevent affiliates of the Bank,
including us, from borrowing from the Bank, unless various types of collateral secure the loans. Federal law limits the aggregate amount of loans to and investments in any single affiliate to 10% of the Bank’s capital stock and surplus and
also limits the aggregate amount of loans to and investments in all affiliates to 20% of the Bank’s capital stock and surplus. 
If we do not receive
sufficient cash dividends or are unable to borrow from the Bank, then we may not have sufficient funds to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock. 

Pursuant to the terms of the Company MOU, we are required to seek approval from the FRB at least 30 days prior to declaring any future cash dividend. Each
dividend request submitted to the FRB must evidence our compliance with applicable guidance regarding payment of dividends issued by the FRB. This process will enable the FRB to comment on, object to or otherwise prohibit us from paying the proposed
dividend. The supervisory guidance issued by the FRB states that we should either eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends if (i) our net income available to common shareholders over the past year is insufficient to fully fund a
dividend, (ii) our prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with our capital needs and our overall current or prospective financial condition or (iii) we will not meet, or are in danger of not meeting, our minimum
regulatory capital adequacy ratios. 
The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in
the economy. 

Originating loans secured by residential real estate is our primary business. Our financial results may be adversely affected by
changes in prevailing economic conditions, either nationally or in our local New Jersey and metropolitan New York market areas, including the level of short-term and long-term interest rates, decreases in real estate values, adverse employment
conditions, the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal and state government, the strength of the economy in the United States generally and in the Company’s market area in particular, and other significant external events. As a result of
our lending practices, we have a concentration of loans secured by real property located primarily in New Jersey, New York and Connecticut. At December 31, 2013, approximately 99% of our total loans are residential first mortgage loans and
approximately 85% of our total loans are in the New York metropolitan area. 
Financial institutions continue to be affected by the sharp declines in the
real estate market that occurred over the last several years as well as the effects of the recent recessionary economy. Declines in real estate values, home sales volumes and financial stress on borrowers as a result of the uncertain economic
environment, including job losses, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our borrowers or their customers, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, decreases in real estate values
have adversely affected the value of property used as collateral for our loans and resulted in higher loss experience on our non-performing loans. Adverse changes in the economy, particularly in employment conditions, may also have a negative effect
on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans, which would have an adverse impact on our earnings. As a result of the concentration of loans in the New York metropolitan area, a downturn in the local economy could result
in an increase in nonperforming loans, which would negatively affect the Company’s interest income and result in higher provisions for loan losses, which would hurt the Company’s earnings. If poor economic conditions result in decreased
demand for real estate loans, our profits may decrease because our investment alternatives may earn less income for us than real estate loans. 

62 

Table of Contents

Non-performing assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect the Company’s results of
operations and financial condition. 

Non-performing assets adversely affect the Company’s net earnings in various ways. The Company generally
does not record interest income on non-performing loans or other real estate owned, thereby reducing its earnings, while its loan administration costs are higher for non-performing loans. When the Company takes collateral in foreclosures and similar
proceedings, the Company is required to mark the related asset to the lower of the fair value of the collateral at the carrying amount of the loan, which may ultimately result in a loss. Until the recent recessionary cycle, it was our experience
that as a non-performing loan approached foreclosure, the borrower sold the underlying property or, if there was a second mortgage or other subordinated lien, the subordinated lien holder would purchase the property to protect their interest thereby
resulting in the full payment of principal and interest to Hudson City Savings. This process normally took approximately 12 months. However, due to the unprecedented level of foreclosures and the desire by many states to slow the foreclosure
process, we are now experiencing a time frame to repayment or foreclosure of up to 48 months from the initial non-performing period. Given the delays in foreclosures in our market area, the level of our non-performing assets is expected to remain at
elevated levels. At December 31, 2013 our non-performing loans amounted to $1.05 billion or 4.35% of total loans as compared to $1.16 billion or 4.29% of total loans at December 31, 2012 and our charge-offs, net of recoveries, amounted to
$62.8 million for 2013 as compared to $66.4 million in 2012. There can be no assurance that the Company will not experience future increases in non-performing assets. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry, which limits the manner and scope of our business activities. 

We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination by the FRB, the OCC, the CFPB and the FDIC. As a result, we are limited in the manner in
which we conduct our business, undertake new investments and activities and obtain financing. This regulatory structure is designed primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance funds and our depositors, as well as other consumers, and not
to benefit our shareholders. This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to capital
levels, the timing and amount of dividend payments, the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism
laws, fair lending and consumer protection laws and the Community Reinvestment Act. As a result of the recent financial crisis which occurred in the banking and financial markets, the overall bank regulatory climate is now marked by caution,
conservatism and a renewed focus on compliance and risk management. 
Our failure to comply with applicable regulations, or the failure to develop,
implement and comply with corrective action plans to address any identified areas of noncompliance, may result in the assessment of fines and penalties and the commencement of informal or formal regulatory enforcement actions against us. Other
negative consequences also can result from such failures, including regulatory restrictions on our activities, reputational damage, restrictions on the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities and increases in our
costs of doing business. Increases in our costs of doing business may include increased salaries and benefits expenses associated with hiring additional employees, incurring fees and expenses for outside services, such as consulting and legal
advice, and costs associated with enhancing, or acquiring systems and technological infrastructure to strengthen our regulatory compliance program. The occurrence of one or more of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 
The occurrence of any failure, breach, or interruption in service involving our systems or those of
our service providers could damage our reputation, cause losses, increase our expenses, and result in a loss of customers, an increase in regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possibly financial liability, any of which could
adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, and the market price of our stock. 

Communications and information systems are
essential to the conduct of our business, as we use such systems to manage our customer relationships, our general ledger, our deposits, and our loans. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other
information in our computer systems and networks. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, the security of our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorized
access, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code and cyber attacks that could have a security impact. In addition, breaches of security may occur through intentional or unintentional acts by those having authorized or unauthorized access to
our confidential or other information or the confidential or other information of our customers, clients, or counterparties. If one or more of such events were to occur, the confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted
through, our computer systems and networks could potentially be jeopardized, or could otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our customers, clients, or counterparties. This could cause us significant
reputational damage or result in our experiencing significant losses. 
Furthermore, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to
modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks. We also may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully
covered through any insurance we maintain. In addition, we routinely transmit and receive personal, confidential, and proprietary information by e-mail and other electronic means. We have discussed and worked with our customers, clients, and
counterparties to develop secure transmission capabilities, but we do not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of these constituents, and we may not be able to ensure that these third parties have appropriate
controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information. 
While we have established policies and procedures to prevent or limit the impact of
systems failures and interruptions, there can be no assurance that such events will not occur or that they will be adequately addressed if they do. In addition, we outsource certain aspects of our data processing to certain third-party providers. If
our third-party providers encounter difficulties, or if we have difficulty in communicating with them, our ability to adequately process and account for customer transactions could be affected, and our business operations could be adversely
impacted. Threats to information security also exist in the processing of customer information through various other vendors and their personnel.