.

The Geographic Concentration Of Our Loan Portfolio And Lending Activities Makes Us Vulnerable To A
Downturn In The Economy. 
Originating loans secured by residential real estate is our primary
business. Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing economic
conditions, either nationally or in our local New Jersey and metropolitan New York market areas,
including decreases in real estate values, adverse employment conditions, the monetary and fiscal
policies of the federal and state government and other significant external events. As a result of
our lending practices, we have a concentration of loans secured by real property located primarily
in New Jersey, New York and
Connecticut. At December 31, 2008, approximately 69.7% of our total loans are in the New York
metropolitan area.

We are operating in a challenging and uncertain economic environment, both nationally and locally,
as the U.S. economy entered a recession early in 2008. Financial institutions continue to be
affected by sharp declines in the real estate market and constrained financial markets. Continued
declines in real estate values, home sales volumes and financial stress on borrowers as a result of
the uncertain economic environment, including job losses, could have an adverse effect on our
borrowers or their customers, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of
property used as collateral for our loans. Adverse changes in the economy, particularly in
employment conditions, may also have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make
timely repayments of their loans, which would have an adverse impact on our earnings. If poor
economic conditions result in decreased demand for real estate loans, our profits may decrease
because our investment alternatives may earn less income for us than real estate loans.

Page 49 

Table of Contents

We continued to see increases in loan delinquencies and charge-offs in 2008, but at proportionate
levels that are far less than many other institutions. Non-performing loans, defined as
non-accruing loans and accruing loans delinquent 90 days or more, amounted to $217.6 million at
December 31, 2008 and $79.4 million at December 31, 2007. The ratio of non-performing loans to
total loans was 0.74% at December 31, 2008 compared with 0.33% at December 31, 2007. The provision
for loan losses amounted to $19.5 million at December 31, 2008 as compared to $4.8 million at
December 31, 2007. Net charge-offs amounted to $4.4 million for 2008 as compared to net
charge-offs of $684,000 for 2007. In January 2009, our non-performing loans increased by $37.0
million to $254.6 million. Further deterioration in local economic conditions in our markets could
drive losses beyond that which is provided for in our allowance for loan losses and result in the
following other consequences: loan delinquencies, problem assets and foreclosures may increase;
demand for our products and services may decline; deposits may decrease, which would adversely
impact our liquidity position; and collateral for our loans, especially real estate, may decline in
value, in turn reducing customers’ borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral
associated with our existing loans.

The Impact On Us Of Recently Enacted And Proposed Legislation And Government Programs To Stabilize
The Financial Markets Cannot Be Predicted At This Time. 
On October 3, 2008, President Bush signed
the EESA into law in response to the financial crises affecting the banking system and financial
markets. Pursuant to the EESA, the U.S. Treasury was granted the authority to, among other things,
purchase up to $700 billion of troubled assets (including mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and
certain other financial instruments) from financial institutions for the purpose of stabilizing and
providing liquidity to the U.S. financial markets. On October 14, 2008, the U.S. Treasury, the FRB
and the FDIC issued a joint statement announcing additional steps aimed at stabilizing the
financial markets. First, the U.S. Treasury announced the Capital Purchase Program (“CPP”), a $250
billion voluntary capital purchase program available to qualifying financial institutions that sell
preferred shares to the U.S. Treasury. Second, the FDIC announced that its Board of Directors,
under the authority to prevent “systemic risk” in the U.S. banking system, approved the TLGP, which
is intended to strengthen confidence and encourage liquidity in the banking system by permitting
the FDIC to (i) guarantee certain newly issued senior unsecured debt issued by participating
institutions under the Debt Guarantee Program and (ii) fully insure non-interest bearing
transaction deposit accounts held at participating FDIC-insured institutions, regardless of dollar
amount under the Transaction Account Guarantee Program. Third, to further increase access to
funding for businesses in all sectors of the economy, the FRB announced further details of its
Commercial Paper Funding Facility program (“CPFF”), which provides a broad backstop for the
commercial paper market. The Company currently participates in the Transaction Account Guarantee
Program but does not participate in the CPP, the Debt Guarantee Program or the CPFF.

Congress has held hearings on implementation of the CPP and the use of funds and may adopt further
legislation impacting financial institutions that obtain funding under the CPP or changing lending
practices that legislators believe led to the current economic situation. On January 21, 2009, the
U.S. House of Representatives approved legislation amending the Troubled Asset Relief Program
(“TARP”) provisions of EESA to include quarterly reporting requirements with respect to lending
activities, examinations by an institution’s primary federal regulator of use of funds and
compliance with program requirements, restrictions on acquisitions by depository institutions
receiving TARP funds, authorization for U.S. Treasury to have an observer at board meetings of
recipient institutions, and stricter executive compensation limitations, among other things.
Although it is unclear whether this legislation will be enacted into law, its provisions, or
similar ones, may be imposed administratively by the U.S. Treasury. Such provisions, if applied to
us, could affect our lending or increase governmental oversight of our businesses and our corporate
governance practices.

On February 10, 2009, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner in a statement to the Senate Banking
Committee Hearing outlined a Financial Stability Plan to restore stability to the U.S. financial
system. The

Page 50 

Table of Contents

Financial Stability Plan includes a variety of measures aimed at the broader credit
markets and includes the creation of a comprehensive housing program to forestall foreclosures and
stabilize the residential mortgage market. In addition, on February 11, 2009, the OTS urged
OTS-regulated institutions to suspend foreclosures on owner-occupied homes until the Financial
Stability Plan’s “home loan modification program” is finalized in the next few weeks. On February
18, 2009, President Obama announced the Administration’s Homeowner Affordability and Stability
Plan, or the HASP. The HASP aims to accomplish the following three key objectives: (i) refinance
mortgages of up to 4 to 5 million “responsible homeowners” to prevent additional foreclosures; (ii)
provide a $75 billion initiative to help up to 3 to 4 million “at-risk homeowners” primarily
through the use of uniform loan modifications; and (iii) help keep mortgage rates low by
strengthening confidence in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Mortgage lenders may participate in the
program on a voluntary basis. Many specifics of the HASP will be announced on March 4, 2009.

On January 27, 2009, the House Judiciary Committee approved H.R. 200, the “Helping Families Save
Their Homes in Bankruptcy Act of 2009” (“Bankruptcy Legislation”). The Bankruptcy Legislation
would grant a judge the ability to modify the terms of a mortgage for a homeowner in chapter 13
bankruptcy. Under the proposed Bankruptcy Legislation, borrowers would be eligible to have a
bankruptcy judge reduce the principal balance on their home loan. If any such borrower resells
their home within five years, the borrower will have to share the proceeds with their lender.

There can be no assurance, however, as to the actual impact that the foregoing or any other
governmental program will have on the financial markets. The failure of the financial markets to
stabilize and a continuation or worsening of current financial market conditions could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, access to credit or
the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the initiatives of President Obama’s
Administration, and the possible enactment of the Bankruptcy Legislation as proposed, combined with
the current pace at which foreclosures are proceeding, are likely to result in increased
charge-offs as loans go through the foreclosure process, which could materially and adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Changes In Interest Rates Could Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations And Financial Condition.

Our earnings may be adversely impacted by an increase in interest rates because the majority of
our interest-earning assets are long-term, fixed-rate mortgage-related assets that will not reprice
as long-term interest rates increase. In contrast, a majority of our interest-bearing liabilities
are expected to reprice as interest rates increase. At December 31, 2008, 75.6% of our loans with
contractual maturities of greater than one year had fixed rates of interest, and 99.6% of our total
loans had contractual maturities of five or more years. Overall, at December 31, 2008, 97.7% of
our total interest-earning assets had contractual
maturities of more than five years. Conversely, our interest-bearing liabilities generally have
much shorter contractual maturities. A portion of our deposits as of December 31,
2008, including $4.29 billion in interest-bearing demand accounts and money market accounts, have
no contractual maturities and are likely to reprice quickly as short-term interest rates increase.
As of December 31, 2008, 96.4% of our time deposits will mature within one year. During 2008, we
increased our level of borrowed funds, which we believe to be a more cost-effective alternative to
time deposits in the prevailing interest rate environment. If we experience a rising interest rate
environment where interest rates increase above the interest rate for the borrowings, these
borrowings will likely be called at their next call date and our cost to replace these borrowings
would likely increase. As of December 31, 2008, 71.9% of our borrowed funds may be called by the
lenders within one year. Therefore, in a significantly increasing rate environment, our cost of
funds is expected to increase more rapidly than the yields earned on our loan portfolio and
securities portfolio. An increasing rate environment is expected to cause a narrowing of our net
interest rate spread and a decrease in our earnings.

Page 51 

Table of Contents

In response to the current economic conditions, the Federal Open Market Committee (the “FOMC”)
decreased the overnight lending rate by 400 to 425 basis points during 2008 to a target rate of
0.00% to 0.25% in an attempt to stimulate the housing markets and the overall economy. As a
result, short-term market interest rates decreased during 2008. The sharp decline in short-term
interest rates during 2008 lowered our deposit and borrowing costs. Longer-term market interest
rates also decreased during 2008, but at a slower pace than short-term interest rates and, as a
result, the yield curve continued to steepen. Notwithstanding the decrease in long-term market
interest rates noted above, mortgage rates maintained a wider credit spread relative to U.S.
Treasury securities resulting in higher yields on our mortgage loans. As a result, our net
interest rate spread and net interest margin increased during 2008. Recent actions by the Federal
Reserve to purchase securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have resulted in a decrease in
mortgage rates late in the fourth quarter of 2008 and continuing into January 2009.

We expect the operating environment to remain very challenging as the Federal Reserve Board
continues to focus their efforts on the economy and the countervailing factors that could cause
deflation. Interest rates will continue to fluctuate, and we cannot predict future Federal Reserve
Board actions or other factors that will cause rates to change.

If the yield curve were to flatten, the spread between our cost of funds and the interest received
on our loan and securities portfolios would shrink. The yield curve would begin to flatten in the
event that long term interest rates declined or if short term market interest rates were to begin
to increase through the actions of the FOMC without a corresponding increase in long term rates.
In the case of an inverted yield curve, the cost of funds would be higher than the earnings
generated from these portfolios. As a result of the decreased spread from a flat or inverted yield
curve, our net interest income would decrease.

Also impacting our net interest income and net interest rate spread is the level of prepayment
activity on our mortgage-related assets. Mortgage prepayment rates will vary due to a number of
factors, including the regional economy where the mortgage loan or the underlying mortgages of the
mortgage-backed security were originated, seasonal factors and demographic variables. However, the
major factors affecting prepayment rates are the prevailing market interest rates, related mortgage
refinancing opportunities and competition. Generally, the level of prepayment activity directly
affects the yield earned on those assets, as the payments received on the interest-earning assets
will be reinvested at the prevailing market interest rate. In a rising interest rate environment,
prepayment rates tend to decrease and, therefore, the yield earned on our existing mortgage-related
assets will remain constant instead of increasing. This would adversely affect our net interest
margin and, therefore, our net interest income.

We monitor interest rate risk sensitivity through analysis of the change in net interest income and
net portfolio value, or NPV. NPV is defined as the net present value of the expected future cash
flows of an entity’s assets and liabilities. The Board of Directors of Hudson City Savings has
adopted an interest rate risk policy that defines the permissible range for the change in NPV under
certain interest rate shock scenarios. NPV is analyzed using a model that estimates changes in NPV
and net interest income in response to a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. The
OTS uses a similar model to monitor interest rate risk of all OTS-regulated institutions. If the
OTS, using its model, were to determine that our IRR is significantly higher than our internal
estimates indicate, the OTS may seek to have us operate at higher regulatory capital ratios than we
anticipate under our current growth strategy. Should that occur, we may not be able to continue
our historical pace of stock repurchases and our anticipated future growth could be limited. We
expect the OTS will continue to closely monitor the interest rate risk of Hudson City Savings.

Page 52 

Table of Contents

Because We Compete Primarily On The Basis Of The Interest Rates We Offer Depositors And The Terms
Of Loans We Offer Borrowers, Our Margins Could Decrease If We Were Required To Increase Deposit
Rates Or Lower Interest Rates On Loans In Response To Competitive Pressures. 
We face intense
competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. The New Jersey and metropolitan New York
market areas have a high concentration of financial institutions, many of which are branches of
large money-center and regional banks. National competitors have significantly greater resources
than we do and may offer services that we do not provide such as trust and investment services.
Customers who seek “one stop shopping” may be drawn to these institutions.

We compete primarily on the basis of the rates we pay on deposits and the rates and other terms we
charge on the mortgage loans we originate or purchase, as well as the quality of our customer
service. Our competition for loans comes principally from mortgage banking firms, commercial
banks, savings institutions, credit unions, finance companies, insurance companies and brokerage
and investment banking firms operating locally and elsewhere. In addition, we purchase a
significant volume of mortgage loans in the wholesale markets, and our competition in these markets
also includes many other types of institutional investors located throughout the country. Price
competition for loans might result in us originating fewer loans or earning less on our loans.

During 2008, the Federal Reserve announced that they would be purchasing securities issued by
Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac to provide these government-sponsored enterprises with a source of
liquidity and thereby reduce the interest rates they offer on mortgage loans. While the intent of
these actions is to stimulate the housing market, it may also result in additional price
competition for mortgage loans which are our primary lending product.

Our most direct competition for deposits comes from commercial banks, savings banks, savings and
loan associations and credit unions. There are large money-center and regional financial
institutions operating throughout our market area, and we also face strong competition from other
community-based financial institutions. During 2008, financial entities across the spectrum have
been affected by the lack of liquidity and continued credit deterioration. As a result, many of
our competitors sought to raise liquidity by offering customers premium rates on deposits even as
market interest rates decreased. This affects our ability to attract new deposits and to reduce
the cost of our deposits as market interest rates decrease.

We May Not Be Able To Successfully Implement Our Plans For Growth. 
Since our conversion to the
mutual holding company form of organization in 1999, we have experienced rapid and significant
growth. Our assets have grown from $8.52 billion at December 31, 1999 to $54.15 billion at
December 31, 2008. We acquired a significant amount of capital from the second-step conversion,
which we have used to
continue implementing our growth strategy of building our core banking business by originating and
purchasing mortgage loans and funding this growth with customer deposits and borrowings.

We also plan to continue with our de novo branching strategy and will consider expansion
opportunities through the acquisition of branches and other financial institutions. There can be
no assurance, however, that we will continue to experience such rapid growth, or any growth, in the
future. Significant changes in interest rates or the competition we face may make it difficult to
attract the level of customer deposits needed to fund our internal growth at projected levels. In
addition, we may have difficulty finding suitable sites for de novo branches. Our expansion plans
may result in us opening branches in geographic markets in which we have no previous experience,
and, therefore, our ability to grow effectively in those markets will be dependent on our ability
to identify and retain management personnel familiar with the new markets. Furthermore, any future
acquisitions of branches or of other financial institutions would present many challenges
associated with integrating merged institutions and expanding operations. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to adequately and profitably implement our possible future growth,

Page 53 

Table of Contents

particularly in the current recession, or that we will not have to incur additional expenditures
beyond current projections to support such growth.

We
Operate In A Highly Regulated Industry, Which Limits The Manner And Scope Of Our Business
Activities. 
We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination by the Office of
Thrift Supervision and by the FDIC. As a result, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct
our business, undertake new investments and activities and obtain financing. This regulatory
structure is designed primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance funds and our
depositors, and not to benefit our stockholders. This regulatory structure also gives the
regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement
activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to capital levels, the timing
and amount of dividend payments, the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate
loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money
laundering and anti-terrorism laws. Government agencies have substantial discretion to impose
significant monetary penalties on institutions which fail to comply with these laws.

We expect to face increased regulation and supervision of our industry as a result of the existing
financial crisis, and there will be additional requirements and conditions imposed on us to the
extent that we participate in any of the programs established or to be established by the Treasury
under the EESA or by the federal bank regulatory agencies. Such additional regulation and
supervision may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue business opportunities.