.

Changes In Interest Rates Could Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations And Financial Condition.

Our earnings may be adversely impacted by an increase in interest rates because the majority of
our interest-earning assets are long-term, fixed-rate mortgage-related assets that will not reprice
as long-term interest rates increase while a majority of our interest-bearing liabilities are
expected to reprice as interest rates increase. At December 31, 2006, 80.8% of our loans with
contractual maturities of greater than one year had fixed rates of interest, and 95.4% of our total
loans had contractual maturities of five or more years. Overall, at December 31, 2006, 82.8% of
our total interest-earning assets had contractual maturities of more than five years. Conversely,
our interest-bearing liabilities generally have much shorter contractual maturities. A significant
portion of our deposits, including the $2.10 billion in our interest-bearing transaction accounts
as of December 31, 2006, have no contractual maturities and are likely to reprice quickly as
short-term interest rates increase. In addition, 91.6% of our certificates of deposit will mature
within one year and 45.2% of our borrowed funds may be called by the lenders within one year.
Therefore, in an increasing rate environment, our cost of funds is expected to increase more
rapidly than the yields earned on our loan portfolio and securities portfolio. An increasing rate

Page 46

Table of Contents

environment is expected to cause a narrowing of our net interest rate spread and a decrease in our
earnings.

The Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Bank’s (“FOMC”) policy of monetary
tightening through seventeen consecutive Federal Funds rate increases from June 2004 through June
2006, resulted in a significant flattening of the U.S. Treasury yield curve in 2005 and a
flat-to-inverted yield curve during 2006. The pause in Federal Funds rate hikes since June 2006
has reversed the trend of rising U.S. Treasury yields and resulted in a further inversion of the
market yield curve as of December 31, 2006. The market interest rate scenario has had a negative
impact on our results of operations and our net interest margin as the yields on our
interest-earning assets have remained substantially unchanged while the costs of our
interest-bearing liabilities have increased. In addition, our interest-bearing liabilities will
reset to the current market interest rates faster than our interest-earning assets as our
interest-bearing liabilities generally have shorter periods to reset than our interest-earning
assets and our originated and purchased interest-earning assets generally have commitment periods
of up to 90 days.

We expect the operating environment to remain very challenging as a result of the prolonged
inverted market yield curve that continues to negatively impact our net interest margin and
earnings and limits opportunities for profitable growth. Interest rates do and will continue to
fluctuate, and we cannot predict future Federal Reserve Board actions or other factors that will
cause rates to change. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the yield curve will not remain
inverted and that our net interest margin and net interest income will not feel greater pressure in
2007.

Also impacting our net interest income and net interest rate spread is the level of prepayment
activity on our mortgage-related assets. Mortgage prepayment rates will vary due to a number of
factors, including the regional economy where the mortgage loan or the underlying mortgages of the
mortgage-backed security were originated, seasonal factors and demographic variables. However, the
major factors affecting prepayment rates are the prevailing market interest rates, related mortgage
refinancing opportunities and competition. Generally, the level of prepayment activity directly
affects the yield earned on those assets, as the payments received on the interest-earning assets
will be reinvested at the prevailing market interest rate. In a rising interest rate environment,
prepayment rates tend to decrease and, therefore, the yield earned on our existing mortgage-related
assets will remain constant instead of increasing. This would adversely affect our net interest
margin and, therefore, our net interest income.

We monitor interest rate risk sensitivity through analysis of the change in net interest income and
net portfolio value, or NPV. NPV is defined as the net present value of the expected future cash
flows of an entity’s assets and liabilities. The model estimates changes in NPV and net interest
income in response to
a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. The OTS uses a similar model to monitor
interest rate risk of all OTS-regulated institutions. The Board of Directors of Hudson City Savings
has adopted an interest rate risk policy that defines the permissible range for the change in NPV
under certain interest rate shock scenarios. We expect the OTS will continue to closely monitor
the interest rate risk of Hudson City Savings.

Our Plans To Increase The Level Of Our Adjustable-Rate Assets May Be Difficult To Implement And May
Decrease Our Profitability

. One component of our plans for reducing our interest rate risk is to
grow our variable-rate and short-term investments at an equivalent rate as our fixed-rate
investments. While we believe that in the anticipated interest rate environment there will be
demand for variable-rate assets, there is no assurance that this will be the case. If we are
unable to originate or purchase variable-rate assets at favorable rates, we will either not be able
to execute successfully this component of our interest rate risk reduction strategy or our
profitability may decrease, or both.

Page 47

Table of Contents

Because We Compete Primarily On The Basis Of The Interest Rates We Offer Depositors And The Terms
Of Loans We Offer Borrowers, Our Margins Could Decrease If We Were Required To Increase Deposit
Rates Or Lower Interest Rates On Loans In Response To Competitive Pressures. 
We face intense
competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. The New Jersey and metropolitan New York
market areas have a high concentration of financial institutions, many of which are branches of
large money center and regional banks. National competitors have significantly greater resources
than we do and may offer services that we do not provide such as trust and investment services.
Customers who seek “one stop shopping” may be drawn to these institutions.

We compete primarily on the basis of the rates we pay on deposits and the rates and other terms we
charge on the mortgage loans we originate or purchase, as well as the quality of our customer
service. Our competition for loans comes principally from mortgage banking firms, commercial
banks, savings institutions, credit unions, finance companies, insurance companies and brokerage
and investment banking firms operating locally and elsewhere. Some of the largest mortgage
originators in the country have significant operations in New Jersey. In addition, we purchase a
significant volume of mortgage loans in the wholesale markets, and our competition in these markets
also includes many other types of institutional investors located throughout the country. Price
competition for loans might result in us originating fewer loans or earning less on our loans.

Our most direct competition for deposits comes from commercial banks, savings banks, savings and
loan associations and credit unions. There are large money-center and regional financial
institutions operating throughout our market area, and we also face strong competition from other
community-based financial institutions. As interest rates continue to rise, we would expect to face
additional significant competition for deposits from short-term money market funds and other
corporate and government securities funds and from brokerage firms and insurance companies, in
addition to the money center and regional financial institutions. To the extent the equity markets
continue to improve, we would also expect significant competition from brokerage firms and mutual
funds. Price competition for deposits might result in us attracting or retaining fewer deposits or
paying more on our deposits.

We May Not Be Able To Successfully Implement Our Plans For Growth. 
Since our conversion to the
mutual holding company form of organization in 1999, we have experienced rapid and significant
growth. Our assets have grown from $8.52 billion at December 31, 1999 to $35.5 billion at December
31, 2006. We acquired a significant amount of capital from the second-step conversion, which we
plan to use to continue implementing our growth strategy, primarily by building our core banking
business through internal growth and increased de novo branching. In addition, we will consider
expansion opportunities through the acquisition of branches and other financial institutions, such
as the acquisition of Sound
Federal in 2006. There can be no assurance, however, that we will continue to experience such rapid
growth, or any growth, in the future. Significant changes in interest rates or the competition we
face may make it difficult to attract the level of customer deposits needed to fund our internal
growth at projected levels. In addition, we may have difficulty finding suitable sites for de novo
branches. Our expansion plans may result in us opening branches in geographic markets in which we
have no previous experience, and, therefore, our ability to grow effectively in those markets will
be dependent on our ability to identify and retain management personnel familiar with the new
markets. Furthermore, any future acquisitions of branches or of other financial institutions would
present many challenges associated with integrating merged institutions and expanding operations.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to adequately and profitably implement our possible
future growth or that we will not have to incur additional expenditures beyond current projections
to support such growth.

The Geographic Concentration Of Our Loan Portfolio And Lending Activities Makes Us Vulnerable To A
Downturn In The Local Economy. 
Originating loans secured by residential real estate is our

Page 48

Table of Contents

primary business. Our financial results may be adversely affected by changes in prevailing
economic conditions, either nationally or in our local New Jersey and metropolitan New York market
areas, including decreases in real estate values, adverse employment conditions, the monetary and
fiscal policies of the federal and state government and other significant external events. As of
December 31, 2006, approximately 65.5% of our loan portfolio was secured by properties located in
New Jersey, New York and Connecticut. Decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the
value of property used as collateral for our loans. Adverse changes in the economy may also have a
negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans, which
would have an adverse impact on our earnings. In addition, if poor economic conditions result in
decreased demand for real estate loans, our profits may decrease because our alternative
investments may earn less income for us than real estate loans.

During the first half of 2006, the national and local real estate markets, although somewhat weaker
than a year ago, continued to support new and existing home sales at reduced levels. There has
been a slowdown in the housing market, particularly during the third and fourth quarters of 2006,
both nationally and locally, as evidenced by reports of reduced levels of new and existing home
sales, increasing inventories of houses on the market, stagnant to declining property values and an
increase in the length of time houses remain on the market. No assurance can be given that these
conditions will improve or will not worsen or that such conditions will not result in a decrease in
our interest income or an adverse impact on our loan losses.

We operate in a highly regulated industry, which limits the manner and scope of our business
activities. 
We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination by the OTS and by
the FDIC. As a result, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, undertake
new investments and activities and obtain financing. This regulatory structure is designed
primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance funds and our depositors, and not to benefit
our stockholders. This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive
discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination
policies, including policies with respect to capital levels, the timing and amount of dividend
payments, the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for
regulatory purposes. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and
anti-terrorism laws. Government agencies have substantial discretion to impose significant
monetary penalties on institutions which fail to comply with these laws.

On October 4, 2006, the OTS and other federal bank regulatory authorities published the Interagency
Guidance on Nontraditional Mortgage Product Risks, or the Guidance. The Guidance describes sound
practices for managing risk, as well as marketing, originating and servicing nontraditional
mortgage
products, which include, among other things, interest only loans. The Guidance sets forth
supervisory expectations with respect to loan terms and underwriting standards, portfolio and risk
management practices and consumer protection. For example, the Guidance indicates that originating
interest only loans with reduced documentation is considered a layering of risk and that
institutions are expected to demonstrate mitigating factors to support their underwriting decision
and the borrower’s repayment capacity. Specifically, the Guidance indicates that a lender may
accept a borrower’s statement as to the borrower’s income without obtaining verification only if
there are mitigating factors that clearly minimize the need for direct verification of repayment
capacity and that, for many borrowers, institutions should be able to readily document income.

Currently,
we originate both interest only and limited documentation loans. We do not originate
negative amortization or payment option ARM loans. Limited documentation loans include stated income,
full asset loans; stated income, stated asset loans; and streamline loans. We have evaluated the
Guidance and we

Page 49

Table of Contents

modified, as necessary, our risk management practices, underwriting guidelines or
practices relating to communications with consumers.

Our Stock Benefit Plans Will Increase Our Costs, Which Will Reduce Our Profitability And
Stockholders’ Equity. 
During 2005, our employee stock ownership plan purchased approximately
15.7 million shares of common stock at an aggregate cost of $189.3 million, adding to the previous
22.3 million shares purchased following our initial conversion in 1999. Under current accounting
standards, we will record annual employee stock ownership plan expenses in an amount equal to the
fair market value of shares committed to be released to employees for that year. These shares are
released to participants over a forty-year period. If our common stock appreciates in value over
time, compensation expense relating to the employee stock ownership plan will increase.

During 2006, we adopted a stock incentive plan pursuant to which our officers and directors were
granted stock options. Under the terms of the stock incentive plan, up to 8% of the common shares
outstanding could be awarded as either stock options or shares of common stock or a combination of
both. For awards of common stock, as the shares are awarded and vest, we will recognize
compensation cost equal to the fair market value of such shares at grant. In the event that a
portion of the shares used to fund the plan are newly issued shares purchased from us, the issuance
of additional shares will decrease our net income per share and stockholders’ equity per share and
will dilute existing stockholders’ ownership and voting interests. For awards of stock options, as
these options vest, we recognize compensation expense equal to the fair value of the options. Under
the stock incentive plan, no stock awards were made in 2006. Awards of 7,960,000 options were
granted. Compensation expense related to the vesting of these options
amounted to $5.5 million in 2006. At December 31, 2006, unearned
compensation costs related to all non-vested awards of options and
restricted stock not yet recognized totaled $26.3 million.