Before deciding whether to invest in HCP, you should carefully consider the risks described below as well as
the risks described elsewhere in this report, which risks are incorporated by reference into this section. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones facing us and there may be
additional risks that we do not presently know of or that we currently consider not likely to have a significant impact on us. All of these risks could adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition.

        As
the owner of healthcare and other real estate facilities, we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Certain of these risks and uncertainties are associated directly with
the business of owning and leasing real estate generally, but others are associated with our specific business model or other attributes of HCP. For example, as described elsewhere in this report,
most of our properties are operated by and/or leased to third parties. Accordingly, adverse developments with respect to these third parties may materially adversely affect us. In addition, we operate
in a manner intended to allow us to qualify as a REIT, which involves the application of highly technical and complex laws and regulations. We believe that the risks facing our company generally fall
into the following four categories: 

•

Risks related to HCP 

•

Risks related to our operators and tenants 

16

Table of Contents

•

Risks related to tax matters including REIT-related risks 

•

Risks related to our organizational structure 

 Risks Related to HCP 

 The recent market disruptions may materially adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

        The global financial markets are currently undergoing pervasive and fundamental disruptions. The continuation or intensification of any
such volatility may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Among other things, the capital markets have recently experienced extreme pricing volatility,
dislocations and liquidity disruptions, all of which have exerted downward pressure on stock prices, widened credit spreads on prospective debt financing and led to unprecedented declines in the
market values of U.S. and foreign stock exchanges. The recent dislocations in the debt markets have reduced the amount of capital that is available to finance real estate, which, in turn, has led to
reduced property values and caused an overall slowdown of real estate transaction activity, all of which could negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 

        The
current U.S. and global economic and financial crisis has also severely strained the credit markets resulting in the bankruptcies and mergers of large financial institutions and
significant investment in and control by government bodies of financial institutions to avoid further illiquidity and bank failures. At times, certain segments of the credit market have frozen with
banks no longer willing to make loans. The continuation or intensification of current levels of market disruption and volatility could impact our ability to obtain new financing or refinance our
existing debt as it becomes due. 

        The
recent volatility may also lead to significant uncertainty in the valuation, or in the stability of the value, of our investments and those of our joint ventures, that could result
in a substantial decrease in the value of our properties and those of our joint ventures. As a result, we may not be able to recover the carrying amount of such investments and the associated
goodwill, if any, which may require us to recognize an impairment charge in earnings. Additionally, certain fees we generate from our joint ventures are dependent upon the value of the investments
held by such joint ventures or the level of contributions we make to the property fund. If property values or our level of contributions decrease, certain fees generated by our joint ventures may also
decrease. 

 We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs and if our access to such capital is limited or on unfavorable terms, we may not be able to meet
commitments as they become due or make future investments necessary to grow our business. 

        In order to qualify as a REIT under the Code and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we are generally required, among other things,
to distribute to our stockholders each year at least 90% of our "real estate investment trust taxable income" (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and net capital gains). For
distributions with respect to the taxable years ending on or before December 31, 2009, recent Internal Revenue Service guidance allows us to satisfy up to 90% of this requirement through the
distribution of shares of HCP, Inc. common stock, if certain conditions are met. We may not be able to fund, from cash retained from operations, all future capital needs, including capital needs in
connection with acquisitions and development activities. If we are unable to obtain needed capital at all or only on unfavorable terms from these sources, we might not be able to make the investments
needed to grow our business and to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. As a result, we rely on external sources of capital, including debt and equity financing, to fulfill our capital
requirements. Our access to capital depends upon a number of factors, some of which we have little or no control over, including: 

•

further weakening of the U.S. and global economies and the possibility of a prolonged recession; 

17

Table of Contents

•

general availability of credit and market conditions, including rising interest rates and increased borrowing cost; 

•

the market price of the shares of our equity securities; 

•

the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; 

•

the ratings of our debt and preferred securities; 

•

our degree of financial leverage and operational flexibility; 

•

financial deterioration of our lenders that might impair their ability to meet their commitments to us or their
willingness to make additional loans to us, and our inability to replace the financing commitment of any such lender on favorable terms, or at all; 

•

the stability in the market value of our properties; 

•

the value of our mezzanine loans and other debt investments; 

•

the financial performance of our operators, tenants and borrowers; 

•

issues facing the healthcare industry, including regulations and government reimbursement policies; 

•

changes in rules or practices governing our financial and SEC reporting; and 

•

civil disturbances, natural disasters or acts of war. 

 Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and preferred stock financing on favorable terms, if at all, and significantly
reduce the market price of our securities, including our common stock. 

        We currently have a credit rating of Baa3 (stable) from Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"), BBB (stable) from Standard & Poor's
Ratings Service ("S&P") and BBB (positive) from Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") on our senior unsecured debt securities, and Ba1 (stable) from Moody's, BB+ (stable) from S&P and BBB- (positive) from Fitch on
our preferred equity securities. The credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt and preferred equity securities are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall
financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of us. Our credit ratings can affect the amount and type of capital we can access, as well as the
terms of any financings we may obtain. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings and in the event that our current credit ratings deteriorate, we would
likely incur higher borrowing costs and it may be more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. Also, a downgrade in our credit ratings
would trigger additional costs or other potentially negative consequences under our current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. Because we depend on external sources of capital to fund
our acquisition and development activities, adverse changes to our credit ratings could negatively impact our acquisition and development activities, future growth opportunities, financial condition
and the market price of our securities. 

 Our level of indebtedness could materially adversely affect us in many ways, including reducing funds available for other business purposes and reducing our operational
flexibility. 

        Our indebtedness as of December 31, 2008 was approximately $5.9 billion. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including
in connection with the development or acquisition of assets, which may be substantial. Any significant additional indebtedness could negatively affect the credit ratings of our debt and preferred
equity securities and require a substantial portion of our cash 

18

Table of Contents

flow
to make interest and principal payments due on our indebtedness. Greater demands on our cash resources may reduce funds available to us to pay dividends, conduct development activities, make
capital expenditures and acquisitions, or carry out other aspects of our business strategy. Increased indebtedness can also limit our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, make us
more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and create competitive disadvantages for us compared to other companies with relatively lower debt levels. Increased future debt
service obligations may limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to finance or refinance our properties, contribute properties to joint ventures or sell properties as needed. Further,
if we are unable to meet our mortgage payments, then the encumbered properties could be foreclosed upon or
transferred to the mortgagee with a consequent loss of income and asset value. A foreclosure on one or more of our properties could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition and ability to pay dividends on our common and preferred equity securities. 

 Covenants in our existing and future credit agreements and other debt instruments limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach or a default could materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        The terms of our credit agreements and other indebtedness, including additional credit agreements or amendments we may enter into and
other indebtedness we may incur in the future, require or will require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios
and tangible net worth requirements. Our continued ability to incur indebtedness and operate in general is subject to compliance with these financial and other covenants, which limit our operational
flexibility. For example, mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit or restrict our ability, without the consent of the lender, to further encumber or sell the
applicable properties, or to replace the applicable tenant or operator. Breaches of such covenants may result in defaults under certain mortgages on our properties, even if we satisfy our payment
obligations to the respective lender. Defaults under the mortgages, including certain tenant or operator bankruptcies and other lease defaults may result in cross-defaults under and acceleration of
certain of our other indebtedness. Covenants that limit our operational flexibility as well as defaults under our debt instruments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

 An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on existing variable rate debt and new debt, and could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing
debt, sell assets and limit our acquisition and development activities. 

        At December 31, 2008, we had approximately $892 million of variable interest rate indebtedness, which constitutes 15% of our overall
indebtedness. This variable rate debt had a weighted average interest rate of approximately 2.57% per annum. We may incur more variable interest rate indebtedness in the future. If interest rates
increase, so will our interest costs for our existing variable interest rate debt and any new debt. This increased cost could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, decrease our
ability to pay principal and interest on our debt, decrease our ability to make distributions to our security holders and make the financing of any acquisition and development activity more costly.
Further, rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures, or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing and increase interest expense on refinanced
indebtedness. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in
response to changes in economic or other conditions. At December 31, 2008, our exposure to variable rate indebtedness is mitigated by $1.1 billion of variable rate investments. 

19

Table of Contents 

 Unfavorable resolution of pending and future litigation matters and disputes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

        From time to time, we may be directly involved in a number of legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. See "Legal Proceedings" in
Part I, Item 3 in this report for a discussion of certain legal proceedings in which we are involved. We may also be named as defendants in lawsuits allegedly arising out of actions of our operators
and tenants in which such operators and tenants have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their
respective businesses. See "Risks Related to Our Operators and Tenants—
Our operators and tenants are faced with litigation and rising liability and insurance costs
that may affect their ability to make their lease or mortgage payments

." An unfavorable resolution of pending or future litigation may have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and operations. Regardless of its outcome, litigation may result in substantial costs and expenses and significantly divert the attention of management. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to prevail in, or achieve a favorable settlement of, pending or future litigation. In addition, pending litigation or future litigation, government proceedings or environmental
matters could lead to increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations. 

 A small number of operators and tenants, some of whom are experiencing significant legal, financial and regulatory difficulties, account for a large percentage of our
revenues. 

        During the year ended December 31, 2008, approximately 37% of our portfolio, based on our total revenues, was operated or leased by
five companies, consisting of Sunrise (15%), HCA (7%), Brookdale (7%), Genentech (4%) and Tenet (4%). In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2008, we earned interest of $84 million and $24
million in connection with mezzanine loans to HCR ManorCare and marketable debt securities issued by HCA, respectively. Certain of these companies are experiencing significant legal, financial and
regulatory difficulties. Among other things, Sunrise has disclosed that it does not anticipate being in compliance with certain financial covenants in its bank credit facility as of March 31, 2009,
which could result in an acceleration of the debt under that facility. In addition, several of these major operators and tenants have significant debt and lease obligations and have been affected by
the recent economic downturn, which has led to, in some instances, a precipitous decline in their stock price. The failure or inability of any of these operators or tenants to meet their obligations
to us could materially reduce our cash flow as well as our results of operations, which could in turn reduce the amount of dividends we pay, cause our stock price to decline and have other material
adverse effects. See "Risks Related to Our Operators and Tenants—
The bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of one or more of our major operators or
tenants may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

" for additional information on the risks we face from a failure of one or
more of our operators or tenants. 

 We have investments in mezzanine loans, which are subject to a greater risk of loss than loans secured by the underlying real estate. 

        At December 31, 2008, we had mezzanine loan investments with a carrying value of $918 million. Our mezzanine loans generally take the
form of subordinated loans secured by a pledge of ownership interests in either the entity owning the property or a pledge of the ownership interests in the entity that owns, directly or through other
entities, the interest in the entities owning the properties. These types of investments involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage loans secured by income producing real property
because the investment may have a lesser likelihood of being repaid in full as a result of foreclosure by the senior lender. In the event of a bankruptcy of the entity providing the pledge of its
ownership interests as security, we may not have full recourse to the assets of such entity, or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to fully repay our mezzanine loans. If a borrower
defaults on our mezzanine loans or debt senior to our loans, or in the event of a borrower 

20

Table of Contents

bankruptcy,
our mezzanine loans will be satisfied only after the senior debt is paid and consistent with bankruptcy rules. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our investment. In addition,
mezzanine loans may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss of principal. If our mezzanine loans are
not
repaid, or are only partially repaid, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

 We may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our real estate-related loans, and even if we are successful in our foreclosure efforts, we may be
unable to successfully operate or occupy the underlying real estate, which may adversely affect our ability to recover our investments. 

        If an operator or tenant defaults under one of our mortgages or mezzanine loans, we may have to foreclose on the loan or protect our
interest by acquiring title to the collateral. In some cases, as noted above, the collateral consists of the equity interests in an entity that directly or indirectly owns the applicable real property
and, accordingly, we may not have full recourse to assets of that entity. In addition, if we acquire real estate as a result of a foreclosure, we may be required to make substantial improvements or
repairs in order to maximize the facility's investment potential. Operators, tenants or borrowers may contest enforcement of foreclosure or other remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against our
exercise of enforcement or other remedies and/or bring claims for lender liability in response to actions to enforce mortgage obligations. Foreclosure-related costs, high "loan-to-value" ratios or
declines in the value of the facility may prevent us from realizing an amount equal to our mortgage or mezzanine loan upon foreclosure. Even if we are able to successfully foreclose on the collateral
securing our real estate-related loans, we may inherit properties for which we are unable to expeditiously seek tenants or operators, if at all, which would adversely affect our ability to fully
recover our investment. 

 Credit enhancements to our leases may terminate or be inadequate, or the provider of a credit enhancement may be unable to fulfill its payment obligations to us, any of
which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

        Some of our leases have credit enhancement provisions in the form of guarantees or security deposits, for minimum rent payments payable
to us. These credit enhancement provisions may terminate at either a specific time during the lease term or once the property satisfies defined operating hurdles like net operating income. These
provisions may also have limits on the overall amount of the credit enhancement. After the termination of a credit enhancement, or in the event that the maximum limit of a credit enhancement is
reached, we may only look to the tenant or operator to make lease payments. Some of our tenants are thinly capitalized entities that rely on the results of operations generated by the properties to
fund rent obligations under their lease. In the event that a credit enhancement has expired or the maximum limit has been reached, or in the event that a provider of a credit enhancement is unable to
meet its payment obligations, our results of operations and cash available for distribution could be materially adversely affected if our properties are unable to generate sufficient funds from
operations to meet minimum rent payments and the tenants or operators do not otherwise have the resources to make those rent payments. 

 Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our healthcare facilities. 

        Transfers of healthcare facilities to successor tenants or operators may be subject to regulatory approvals, including change of
ownership approvals under certificate of need laws and Medicare and Medicaid provider arrangements, that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial operations and other types of real
estate. The replacement of any tenant or operator could be delayed by the regulatory approval process of any federal, state or local government agency necessary for the transfer of the facility or the
replacement of the operator licensed to manage the facility. If we are 

21

Table of Contents

unable
to find a suitable replacement tenant or operator upon favorable terms, or at all, we may take possession of a facility, which might expose us to successor liability or require us to indemnify
subsequent operators to whom we might transfer the operating rights and licenses, all of which may adversely affect our revenues and operations. 

 We may not be able to sell properties when we desire because real estate investments are relatively illiquid. 

        Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. In addition, some of our properties serve as collateral for our secured debt
obligations and cannot be readily sold. We may not be able to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in the real estate market. This inability to respond to changes in the performance of
our investments could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, and in particular our ability to service our debt and pay dividends on our common and preferred
stock. The real estate market is affected by many factors that are beyond our control, including: 

•

adverse changes in national and local economic and market conditions; 

•

changes in interest rates and in the availability, costs and terms of financing; 

•

leases or management agreements which are not renewed or are renewed at lower payment amounts at expiration; 

•

the exercise of purchase options by operators or tenants resulting in a reduction of our revenues; 

•

changes in laws, regulations, fiscal policies, zoning and other ordinances; 

•

the costs of complying with existing and new laws and regulations; 

•

the ongoing need for capital improvements, particularly in older structures and the need to make expenditures due to
changes in governmental regulations, including the ADA; 

•

environmental hazards created by prior owners or occupants, existing operators or tenants, borrowers or other persons for
which we may be liable; 

•

changes in operating expenses; and 

•

acts of terrorism, civil unrest, acts of war and natural disasters, including earthquakes and floods, which may result in
uninsured and underinsured losses. 

We
cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any property for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to
us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a property or portfolio of properties. In addition, there are provisions under the federal
income tax laws
applicable to REITs that may limit our ability to recognize the full economic benefit from a sale of our assets. These factors and any others that would impede our ability to respond to adverse
changes in the performance of our properties could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Real estate is a competitive business and this competition may make it difficult to identify and purchase, or develop, suitable healthcare and other facilities, to grow our
operations through these activities or to successfully reinvest proceeds. 

        We operate in a highly competitive industry. Part of our business strategy is growing through acquisitions, which requires us to
identify suitable candidates that meet our acquisition criteria. However, when we attempt to develop, finance or acquire properties, we face competition from other REITs, investment companies, private
equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds, healthcare operators, lenders, developers and other institutional investors, some of whom have greater resources 

22

Table of Contents

and
lower costs of capital than us. Increased competition makes it more challenging for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our business goals. Among other things,
from time to time, we have cash proceeds available to us from securities offerings, asset sales, joint venture or other activities, in which competition can negatively affect our ability to reinvest
these proceeds on a timely basis. If we cannot capitalize on our development pipeline, identify and purchase a sufficient quantity of healthcare facilities at favorable prices, or reinvest proceeds on
a timely basis, or if we are unable to finance acquisitions on commercially favorable terms, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

 Because of the unique and specific improvements required for healthcare facilities, we may be required to incur substantial development and renovation costs to make certain
of our properties suitable for other operators and tenants, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        Healthcare facilities are typically highly customized and may not be easily adapted to non-healthcare-related
uses. The improvements generally required to conform a property to healthcare use, such as upgrading electrical, gas and plumbing infrastructure, are costly and often times
tenant-specific. A new or replacement operator or tenant may require different features in a property, depending on that operator's or tenant's particular operations. If a current operator
or tenant is unable to pay rent and vacates a property, we may incur substantial expenditures to modify a property before we are able to secure another operator or tenant. Also, if the property needs
to be renovated to accommodate multiple operators or tenants, we may incur substantial expenditures before we are able to re-lease the space. These
expenditures or renovations may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 We face additional risks associated with property development that can render a project less profitable or not at all and, under certain circumstances, prevent completion of
development activities once undertaken, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        Large-scale, ground-up development of healthcare properties presents additional risks for us, including risks
that: 

•

a development opportunity may be abandoned after expending significant resources resulting in the loss of deposits or
failure to recover expenses already incurred; 

•

the development and construction costs of a project may exceed original estimates due to increased interest rates and
higher materials, transportation, labor, leasing or other costs, which could make the completion of the development project less profitable; 

•

construction and/or permanent financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all; 

•

the project may not be completed on schedule, which can result in increases in construction costs and debt service
expenses as a result of a variety of factors that are beyond our control, including: natural disasters, labor conditions, material shortages, regulatory hurdles, civil unrest and acts of war; and 

•

occupancy rates and rents at a newly completed property may not meet expected levels and could be insufficient to make the
property profitable.