The section below discusses the most significant risk factors that may materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

        As
set forth below, we believe that the risks facing our company generally fall into the following categories:

•

Risks related to our business; and 

•

Risks related to tax matters, including REIT-related risks. 

 Risks Related to Our Business 

 Volatility, disruption or uncertainty in the financial markets may impair our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance existing obligations and fund real
estate and development activities. 

        The global financial markets have experienced pervasive and fundamental disruptions. While these conditions have stabilized since the
first quarter of 2009 and the capital markets continue to show signs of improvement, the strength and sustainability of an economic recovery is uncertain. Additional levels of market disruption,
volatility or uncertainty could materially adversely impact our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance our existing obligations as they mature and fund real estate and development
activities. 

12

Table of Contents

        Market
volatility could also lead to significant uncertainty in the valuation of our investments and those of our joint ventures, which may result in a substantial decrease in the value
of our properties and those of our joint ventures. As a result, we may not be able to recover the carrying amount of such investments and the associated goodwill, if any, which may require us to
recognize impairment charges in earnings. 

 We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and limitations on our access to such capital could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to
meet commitments as they become due or make future investments necessary to grow our business. 

        We may not be able to fund all future capital needs from cash retained from operations. If we are unable to obtain enough internal
capital, we may need to rely on external sources of capital (including debt and equity financing) to fulfill our capital requirements. If we cannot access these external sources of capital, we may not
be able to make the investments needed to grow our business and to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. Our access to capital
depends upon a number of factors, some of which we have little or no control over, including but not limited to:

•

general availability of credit and market conditions, including rising interest rates and increased borrowing cost; 

•

the market price of the shares of our equity securities and the credit ratings of our debt and preferred securities; 

•

the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; 

•

our degree of financial leverage and operational flexibility; 

•

the financial integrity of our lenders, which might impair their ability to meet their commitments to us or their
willingness to make additional loans to us, and our inability to replace the financing commitment of any such lender on favorable terms, or at all; 

•

the stability of the market value of our properties; 

•

the financial performance and general market perception of our operators, tenants and borrowers; 

•

changes in the credit ratings on U.S. government debt securities or default or delay in payment by the United States of
its obligations; and 

•

issues facing the healthcare industry, including, but not limited to, healthcare reform and changes in government
reimbursement policies. 

        If
our access to capital is limited by these factors or other factors, it could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund operations, refinance our debt obligations, fund
dividend payments, acquire properties and development activities. 

 Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, and negatively impact the market
price of our securities, including our common stock. 

        The credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall
financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of us. Our credit ratings can affect the amount and type of capital we can access, as well as the
terms of any financings we may obtain. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings, and in the event that our current credit ratings deteriorate, we would
likely incur higher borrowing costs and it may be more difficult or expensive to obtain 

13

Table of Contents

additional
financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. Also, a downgrade in our credit ratings would trigger additional costs or other potentially negative consequences under our
current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. 

 Our level of indebtedness may increase and materially adversely affect our future operations. 

        Our outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2013 was approximately $8.7 billion. We may incur additional indebtedness
in the future, including in connection with the development or acquisition of assets, which may be substantial. Any significant additional indebtedness could negatively affect the credit ratings of
our debt and require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to interest and principal payments due on our indebtedness. Greater demands on our
cash resources may reduce funds available to us to pay dividends, conduct development activities, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, or carry out other aspects of our business strategy.
Increased indebtedness can also limit our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and create competitive
disadvantages for us compared to other companies with relatively lower debt levels. Increased future debt service obligations may limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to finance or
refinance our properties, contribute properties to joint ventures or sell properties as needed. 

 Covenants related to our indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and breaches of these covenants could materially adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

        Our unsecured credit facilities, unsecured debt securities and secured debt and other indebtedness that we may incur in the future,
require or will require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining certain levels of debt service coverage and leverage ratio, tangible net worth
requirements and maintaining REIT status. Our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to compliance with these financial and other covenants, which
limit our operational flexibility. For example, mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit or restrict our ability, without the consent of the lender, to further
encumber or sell the applicable properties, or to replace the applicable tenant or operator. Breaches of certain covenants may result in defaults under the mortgages on our properties and
cross-defaults under certain of our other indebtedness, even if we satisfy our payment obligations to the respective obligee. Additionally, defaults under the leases or operating agreements related to
mortgaged properties, including defaults associated with the bankruptcy of the applicable tenant or operator, may result in a default under the underlying mortgage and cross-defaults under certain of
our other indebtedness. Covenants that limit our operational flexibility as well as defaults under our debt instruments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

 An increase in interest rates could increase interest cost on new debt, and could materially adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets and limit
our acquisition, investment and development activities. 

        If interest rates increase, so could our interest costs for any new debt. This increased cost could make the financing of any
acquisition and development activity more costly. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures, or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing
and increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our
ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 

        We
manage a portion of our exposure to interest rate risk by accessing debt with staggered maturities and through the use of derivative instruments, primarily interest rate swap
agreements. However, no amount of hedging activity can fully insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. Swap agreements involve risk, including that counterparties may fail
to honor their 

14

Table of Contents

obligations
under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that the amount of income we earn from hedging transactions may be
limited by federal tax provisions governing REITs, and that these arrangements may cause us to pay higher interest rates on our debt obligations than would otherwise be the case. Failure to hedge
effectively against interest rate risk, if we choose to engage in such activities, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

        We continue to pursue growth opportunities in international markets where the U.S. dollar is not the denominated currency. The
ownership of investments located outside of the United States subjects us to risk from fluctuations in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar. A significant change in the value
of the foreign currency of one or more countries where we have a significant investment may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, debt covenant ratios, results of operations and
cash flow. 

        We
may attempt to manage the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes through the use of derivative contracts or other methods. For example, we have a
£137 million GBP investment ($227 million at December 31, 2013) and maintain a £137 million unsecured GBP term loan as a natural hedge.
Additionally, we executed a currency swap contract to hedge the risk related to a portion of the forecasted interest receipts on this investment. However, no amount of hedging activity can fully
insulate us from the risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and the failure to hedge effectively against foreign currency exchange rate risk, if we choose to engage in such
activities, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We depend on a limited number of operators and tenants that account for a large percentage of our revenues. 

        During the year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 50% of our revenues were generated by our leasing or financial
arrangements with the following four companies: HCR ManorCare (28%); Emeritus (13%); Sunrise (5%); and Brookdale (4%). The failure, inability or unwillingness of these operators or tenants to meet
their obligations to us could materially reduce our cash flow as well as our results of operations, which could in turn reduce the amount of dividends we pay, cause our stock price to decline and have
other material adverse effects on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        In
addition, any failure by these operators or tenants to effectively conduct their operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect their business reputation
and their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. These
operators and tenants generally have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective
businesses, and we cannot provide any assurance that they will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable it to satisfy its indemnification obligations. 

 Economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas to which a greater percentage of our revenue is attributed could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        For the year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 41% of our revenue was derived from properties located in California (21%),
Texas (11%) and Florida (9%). As a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local 

15

Table of Contents

economies
or changes in local real estate conditions, increased competition or decreased demand, and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business and results of
operations. 

 The bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of one or more of our major operators or tenants may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

        We lease our properties directly to operators in most cases, and in certain other cases, we lease to third-party tenants who enter into
long-term management agreements with operators to manage the properties. Although our leases, financing arrangements and other agreements with our tenants and operators generally provide us the right
under specified circumstances to terminate a lease, evict an operator or tenant, or demand immediate repayment of certain obligations to us, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to
a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that may render certain of these remedies unenforceable, or at the least, delay our ability to pursue such remedies. For example, we cannot
evict a tenant or operator solely because of its bankruptcy filing. A debtor has the right to assume, or to assume and assign to a third party, or to reject its unexpired contracts in a bankruptcy
proceeding. If a debtor were to reject its leases with us, our claim against the debtor for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap set forth in the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which
may be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. In addition, the inability of our tenants or operators to make payments or comply with certain other lease obligations
may affect our compliance with certain covenants contained in our debt securities, credit facilities and the mortgages on the properties leased or managed by such tenants and operators. In addition,
under certain conditions, defaults under the underlying mortgages may result in cross-default under our other indebtedness. Although we believe that we would be able to secure amendments under the
applicable agreements in those circumstances, the bankruptcy of an applicable operator or tenant may potentially result in less favorable borrowing terms than currently available, delays in the
availability of funding or other material adverse consequences. In addition, many of our facilities are leased to healthcare providers who provide long-term custodial care to the elderly; evicting
such operators for failure to pay rent while the facility is occupied may be a difficult and slow process and may not be successful. 

 Our operators and tenants may not procure the necessary insurance to adequately insure against losses. 

        Our leases generally require our tenants and operators to secure and maintain comprehensive liability and property insurance that
covers us, as well as the tenants and operators. Certain losses may not be adequately insured by our tenants and operators. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we
could incur liability or lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from the property. In such an event, we might nevertheless
remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. We continually review the insurance maintained by our tenants and operators and believe the coverage
provided to be customary for similarly situated companies in our industry. However, we cannot provide any assurances that we will continue to require the same level of insurance coverage of our
tenants and operators, or that such insurance will be available at a reasonable cost in the future. Also, we cannot assure you that material uninsured losses, or losses in excess of insurance
proceeds, will not occur in the future. 

 Our operators and tenants are faced with litigation and may experience rising liability and insurance costs. 

        In some states, advocacy groups have been created to monitor the quality of care at healthcare facilities and these groups have brought
litigation against the operators and tenants of such facilities. Also, in several instances, private litigation by patients has succeeded in winning large damage awards for alleged abuses. The effect
of this litigation and other potential litigation may materially increase the costs incurred by our operators and tenants for monitoring and reporting quality of care compliance. In 

16

Table of Contents

addition,
their cost of liability and medical malpractice insurance can be significant and may increase or even not be available at a reasonable cost so long as the present healthcare litigation
environment continues. Cost increases could cause our operators to be unable to make their lease or mortgage payments or fail to purchase the appropriate liability and malpractice insurance,
potentially decreasing our revenues and increasing our collection and litigation costs. In addition, as a result of our ownership of healthcare facilities, we may be named as a defendant in lawsuits
allegedly arising from the actions of our operators or tenants, for which claims such operators and tenants have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against, but which may
require unanticipated expenditures on our part. 

 Operators and tenants that fail to comply with the requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid, may cease to operate or
be unable to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. 

        Certain of our operators and tenants are affected by an extremely complex set of federal, state and local laws and regulations that are
subject to frequent and substantial changes (sometimes applied retroactively) resulting from legislation, adoption of rules and regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations of existing
law. See "Item 1—Business—Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement" above. For example, to the extent that any of our operators or tenants receive a significant
portion of their revenues from governmental payors, primarily Medicare and Medicaid, such revenues may be subject to:

•

statutory and regulatory changes; 

•

retroactive rate adjustments; 

•

recovery of program overpayments or set-offs; 

•

administrative rulings; 

•

policy interpretations; 

•

payment or other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers; 

•

government funding restrictions (at a program level or with respect to specific facilities); and 

•

interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing governmental investigations and audits at such property. 

        In
recent years, governmental payors have frozen or reduced payments to healthcare providers due to budgetary pressures. Healthcare reimbursement will likely continue to be of
significant importance to federal and state authorities. We cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate timing or the effect that any future legislative reforms may have on our operators' and
tenants' costs of doing business and on the amount of reimbursement by government and other third-party payors. The failure of any of our operators or tenants to comply with these laws, requirements
and regulations could materially adversely affect their ability to meet their financial and contractual obligations to us. 

 Legislation to address federal government operations and Administration decisions affecting the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services could have a material adverse
effect on our operators' liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 

        Enactment of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2014 and Congressional consideration of legislation pertaining to the federal debt
ceiling, the Affordable Care Act, tax reform, and entitlement programs, including reimbursement rates for physicians, could have a material adverse effect on our operators' liquidity, financial
condition or results of operations. In particular, funding for entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid may result in increased costs and fees for programs such as 

17

Table of Contents

Medicare
Advantage Plans and reductions in reimbursements to providers; Congressional action related to the federal debt ceiling may have an impact on credit markets; tax reform may impact corporate
and individual tax rates as well as impact retirement plans. Additionally, amendments to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, along with the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of
2010 (collectively, the "Affordable Care Act"), implementation of the Affordable Care Act by the Administration, and decisions by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services could impact the
delivery of services and benefits under Medicare, Medicaid or Medicare Advantage Plans. Such changes could have a material adverse effect on our operators' liquidity, financial condition or results of
operations, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us and could have a material adverse effect on us. 

 Operators and tenants that fail to comply with federal, state and local licensure, certification and inspection laws and regulations may cease to operate or be unable to
meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. 

        Certain of our operators and tenants are subject to extensive federal, state, local and industry-related licensure, certification and
inspection laws, regulations and standards. Our operators' or tenants' failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations or standards could result in loss of accreditation, denial of
reimbursement, imposition of fines, suspension or decertification from federal and state healthcare programs, loss of license or closure of the facility and/or the incurrence of considerable costs
arising from an investigation or regulatory action. For example, certain of our properties may require a license, registration and/or certificate of need to operate. Failure of any operator or tenant
to obtain a license, registration or certificate of need, or loss of a required license, registration or certificate of need, would prevent a facility from operating in the manner intended by such
operator or tenant. Additionally, failure of our operators and tenants to generally comply with applicable laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on facilities owned by or mortgaged to us,
and therefore may materially adversely impact us. See
"Item 1—Business—Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement—Healthcare Licensure and Certificate of Need" above. 

 Increased competition, as well as an inability to grow revenues as originally forecast, has resulted and may further result in lower net revenues for some of our operators
and tenants and may affect their ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligations to us. 

        The healthcare industry is highly competitive and can become more competitive in the future. The occupancy levels at, and rental income
from, our facilities is dependent on our ability and the ability of our operators and tenants to maintain and increase such levels and income and to compete with entities that have substantial capital
resources. These entities compete with other operators and tenants on a number of different levels, including the quality of care provided, reputation, the physical appearance of a facility, price,
the range of services offered, family preference, alternatives for healthcare delivery, the supply of competing properties, physicians, staff, referral sources, location and the size and demographics
of the population in the surrounding area. Private, federal and state payment programs and the effect of laws and regulations may also have a significant influence on the profitability of the