" in this report, factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations contained in the forward-looking statements include: 

(a)

Changes
in federal, state or local laws and regulations, including those affecting the healthcare industry that affect our costs of compliance or increase the costs, or otherwise
affect the operations of our operators, tenants and borrowers;

(b)

Changes
in the reimbursement available to our tenants and borrowers by governmental or private payors, including changes in Medicare and Medicaid payment levels and the availability
and cost of third party insurance coverage;

(c)

Competition
for tenants and borrowers, including with respect to new leases and mortgages and the renewal or rollover of existing leases;

(d)

Availability
of suitable properties to acquire at favorable prices and the competition for the acquisition and financing of those properties;

(e)

The
ability of our operators, tenants and borrowers to conduct their respective businesses in a manner sufficient to maintain or increase their revenues and to generate sufficient
income to make rent and loan payments to us;

(f)

The
financial weakness of some operators and tenants, including potential bankruptcies and downturns in their businesses, which results in uncertainties regarding our ability to
continue to realize the full benefit of such operators' and/or tenants' leases;

(g)

Changes
in national, regional and local economic conditions, including changes in interest rates and the availability and cost of capital;

(h)

The
risk that we will not be able to sell or lease properties that are currently vacant, at all or at competitive rates;

(i)

The
financial, legal and regulatory difficulties of significant operators of our properties, including Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. and Tenet Healthcare Corporation;

(k)

The
risk that we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully or achieve the operating efficiencies and other benefits of acquisitions within expected
time-frames or at all, or within expected cost projections; 

43

(l)

The
ability to obtain financing necessary to consummate acquisitions or on favorable terms; and

(m)

The
potential impact of existing and future litigation matters, including related developments. 

        Except
as required by law, we undertake no, and hereby disclaim any, obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, changed circumstances or
otherwise. 

        The
information set forth in this Item 7 is intended to provide readers with an understanding of our financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations.
We will discuss and provide our analysis in the following order: 

•

Executive
Summary

•

2007
Transaction Overview

•

Dividends

•

Critical
Accounting Policies

•

Results
of Operations

•

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

•

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

•

Contractual
Obligations

•

Inflation

•

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

Executive Summary 

        We are a self-administered REIT that, together with our consolidated subsidiaries, invests primarily in real estate serving the healthcare industry in
the United States. We acquire, develop, lease, dispose and manage healthcare real estate and provide mortgage and specialty financing to healthcare providers. We invest directly, often structuring
sale-leaseback transactions, and through joint ventures. At December 31, 2007, our real estate portfolio, excluding assets held for sale but including mortgage loans and properties
owned by joint ventures, consisted of interests in 753 facilities. 

 Investment Strategy 

        Our business strategy is based on three principles: (i) opportunistic investing; (ii) portfolio diversification; and (iii) conservative
financing. We actively redeploy capital from investments with lower return potential into assets with higher return potential and recycle capital from shorter-term to
longer-term investments. We make investments where the expected risk-adjusted return exceeds our cost of capital and strive to leverage our operator, tenant and other business
relationships. 

        Our
strategy contemplates acquiring and developing properties on terms that are favorable to us. We attempt to structure transactions that are tax-advantaged and mitigate
risks in our underwriting process. Generally, we prefer larger, more complex private transactions that leverage our management team's experience and our infrastructure. 

        We
follow a disciplined approach to enhancing the value of our existing portfolio, including ongoing evaluation of potential disposition of properties that no longer fit our strategy.
During the year ended December 31, 2007, we sold 97 properties for $922 million and marketable securities for 

44

$53 million.
At December 31, 2007, we had four properties with a carrying amount of $171,000 classified as held for sale. 

        We
primarily generate revenue by leasing healthcare properties under long-term leases. Most of our rents and other earned income from leases are received under
triple-net leases or leases that provide for substantial recovery of operating expenses; however, some of our MOB and life science facilities leases are structured as gross or modified
gross leases. Accordingly, for such MOBs and life science facilities we incur certain property operating expenses, such as real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, property management fees,
utilities and insurance. Our growth depends, in part, on our ability to (i) increase rental income and other earned income from leases by increasing rental rates and occupancy levels;
(ii) maximize tenant recoveries given underlying lease structures; and (iii) control operating and other expenses. Our operations are impacted by property specific, market specific,
general economic and other conditions. 

        Access
to external capital on favorable terms is critical to the success of our strategy. Generally, we attempt to match the long-term duration of most of our investments
with long-term fixed-rate financing. At December 31, 2007, 37% of our consolidated debt is at variable interest rates, which includes $1.35 billion for the
outstanding balance of the bridge loan that was used to finance our acquisition of SEUSA. We intend to maintain an investment grade rating on our senior debt securities and manage various capital
ratios and amounts within appropriate parameters. As of December 31, 2007, we have a credit rating of Baa3 (stable) from Moody's, BBB (negative outlook) from S&P and BBB (stable) from Fitch on
our senior unsecured debt securities, and Ba1 (stable) from Moody's, BBB- (negative outlook) from S&P and BBB- (stable) from Fitch on our preferred securities. 

        Access
to capital markets impacts our ability to refinance existing indebtedness as it matures and fund future acquisitions and development through the issuance of additional securities.
Our ability to access capital on favorable terms is dependent on various factors, including general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our securities, perception of our potential
future earnings and cash distributions, and the market price of our capital stock. 

2007 Transaction Overview 

 Investment Transactions 

        During the year ended December 31, 2007, we made investments of approximately $4.7 billion, that had a weighted average yield on cost of
approximately 7.7%, in the following segments: (i) 67% life science, (ii) 20% skilled nursing, (iii) 6% medical office, (iv) 6% hospital and (v) 1% senior housing.
Our 2007 investments include the following transactions: 

        Acquisition of Medical City Dallas Campus.

    On February 9, 2007, we acquired the Medical City Dallas campus, which
includes two hospital towers, six MOBs and three parking garages, for approximately $350 million, including DownREIT units valued at $179 million. The initial yield on this campus is
approximately 7.2%. 

        Acquisition of Slough Estates USA Inc.

    On August 1, 2007, we closed our acquisition of SEUSA for aggregate cash
consideration of approximately $3.0 billion. SEUSA's life science portfolio is concentrated in the San Francisco Bay Area and San Diego County and comprised 83 properties representing
approximately 5.2 million square feet and an established development pipeline at closing. The results of operations of SEUSA are included in our consolidated results beginning after
August 1, 2007. 

        Manor Care Mezzanine Loan.

    On December 21, 2007, we made an investment in mezzanine loans with an aggregate face value
of $1.0 billion, at a discount, for approximately $900 million, as part of the financing for The Carlyle Group's $6.3 billion purchase of Manor Care, Inc. These loans bear
interest 

45

on
the face amounts at a floating rate of LIBOR plus 4.0%, mature in January 2013, are pre-payable at any time subject to payment of yield maintenance during the first twelve months, and
are mandatorily pre-payable in January 2012 unless the borrower satisfies certain financial conditions. These loans are secured by an indirect pledge of the equity ownership in 339 HCR
ManorCare facilities located in 30 states and are subordinate to other debt, approximately $3.6 billion at closing. 

        Other Investment Transactions.

    For the year ended December 31, 2007, in addition to the transactions listed above, we
made investments of approximately $271 million, that had a weighted average first year yield on cost of approximately 9.5%, including the following transactions: 

•

On
January 31, 2007, we acquired three long-term acute care hospitals and received proceeds of $36 million in exchange for 11 SNFs valued at
$77 million. We recognized a $47 million gain from the sale of these 11 SNFs. The three acquired properties have an initial contractual yield of 12% with escalators based on the lessee's
revenue growth. The acquired properties are included in a new master lease that contains 14 properties leased to the same operator.

•

In
November and December 2007, we acquired three life science facilities with an aggregate value of approximately $46 million, including $12 million of assumed
debt. The initial weighted average yield of these properties is approximately 7.1%. 

        During
2007, we funded approximately $150 million for construction and other capital projects. 

        For
the year ended December 31, 2007, our sales of properties and marketable securities aggregated approximately $975 million and were made from the following segments:
(i) 59% senior housing, (ii) 32% skilled nursing, (iii) 5% hospital and (iv) 4% medical office. Our 2007 divestitures included the following: 

•

On
June 29, 2007, we sold a portfolio of 17 senior housing facilities for an aggregate price of $185 million, resulting in a gain of $3 million. This
portfolio was included in our acquisition of CNL Retirement Properties, Inc. on October 5, 2006.

•

On
August 15, 2007, we sold 41 senior housing facilities to Emeritus Corporation for an aggregate price of $501.5 million, resulting in a gain of
$284 million. The 3,732 unit portfolio is comprised of 33 facilities operated by Emeritus Corporation and 8 facilities operated by Summerville Senior Living, Inc. 

 Joint Venture Transactions 

        During the year ended December 31, 2007, we contributed an aggregate of $1.7 billion of senior housing, medical office and hospital properties into
institutional joint ventures, including the transactions discussed below, 

        On
January 5, 2007, we formed a senior housing joint venture, HCP Ventures II, with an institutional capital partner. The joint venture included 25 properties valued at
$1.1 billion and encumbered by $686 million in mortgage loans. Upon the sale of a 65% interest, we received approximately $280 million in proceeds, including a
one-time acquisition fee of $5.4 million. We act as the managing member and expect to receive ongoing asset management fees. 

        On
April 30, 2007, we formed a MOB joint venture, HCP Ventures IV, LLC ("HCP Ventures IV"), with an institutional capital partner. The joint venture included 55 properties
valued at approximately $585 million and encumbered by $344 million of secured debt. Upon the sale of an 80% interest in the venture, we received proceeds of $196 million and
recognized a gain on the sale of our real estate interest of $10 million. These proceeds include a one-time acquisition fee of $3 million. We act as the managing member and
expect to receive ongoing asset management fees. During 2007, HCP Ventures IV acquired three MOBs valued at $58 million and concurrently placed $38 million of secured debt. The
acquisitions were funded pro-rata by us and our joint venture partner. 

46

 Financing Transactions 

        During the year ended December 31, 2007, we raised $6.3 billion in capital through the issuance of common stock, senior unsecured notes and mortgage
debt, and financing related to the closing of our SEUSA acquisition, which includes the transactions discussed below. 

        On
January 19, 2007, we issued 6.8 million shares of common stock. We received net proceeds of approximately $261 million, which were used to repay a portion of the
borrowings outstanding under our former term loan facility and previous revolving credit. 

        On
January 22, 2007, we issued $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.00% senior unsecured notes due in 2017. The notes were priced at 99.323% of the principal
amount for an effective yield of 6.09%. We received net proceeds of approximately $493 million, which were used to repay our former term loan facility and reduce borrowings under our former
revolving credit facility. 

        On
April 27, 2007, in anticipation of the formation of HCP Ventures IV, discussed above, we placed $122 million of 10-year term mortgage notes with an interest
rate of 5.53%. The proceeds from these notes were used to repay outstanding borrowings under our former revolving credit facility and for other general corporate purposes. 

        On
August 1, 2007, in connection with the completion of the SEUSA acquisition, we obtained, from a syndicate of banks, a financing commitment for a $3.0 billion bridge
loan, under which $2.75 billion was borrowed at closing, and a four-year $1.5 billion revolving line of credit facility. The bridge loan has an initial maturity date of
July 31, 2008 and includes two optional 6-month extensions. In October 2007, we made aggregate payments of approximately $1.4 billion, reducing the outstanding principal
balance of the bridge loan to $1.35 billion at December 31, 2007. 

        On
October 5, 2007, we issued 9 million shares of common stock and received net proceeds of approximately $303 million, which were used to repay outstanding
borrowings under our bridge loan facility. 

        On
October 15, 2007, we issued $600 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.70% senior unsecured notes due in 2018. The notes were priced at 99.793% of the principal
amount for an effective yield of 6.73%. We received net proceeds of approximately $595 million, which were used to repay outstanding borrowings under our bridge loan facility. 

Dividends 

        During the year ended December 31, 2007, we issued approximately 1.6 million shares of our common stock under our Dividend Reinvestment and Stock
Purchase Plan at an average price per share of $31.82 for proceeds of approximately $50.9 million. 

        Quarterly
dividends paid during 2007 aggregated $1.78 per share. On January 28, 2008, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of
$0.455 per share. The common stock dividend will be paid on February 21, 2008 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 7, 2008. Based on the first quarter's
dividend, the annualized rate of distribution for 2008 is $1.82, compared with $1.78 for 2007. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") requires our management to use judgment in the
application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. We base estimates on our experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
These estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and
expenses during the reporting 

47

periods.
If our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, it is possible that different accounting would have been
applied, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. For a description of the risk associated with our critical accounting policies, see "Risk Factors—Risks Related
to Our Business." From time to time, we re-evaluate our estimates and assumptions. In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in
subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. 

 Principles of Consolidation 

        Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of HCP, its wholly-owned subsidiaries and its controlled, through voting rights or other means, joint
ventures. We apply Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Interpretation No. 46R, 
Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities

, as revised
("FIN 46R"), for arrangements with variable interest entities ("VIEs") and consolidate those VIEs where we are the primary beneficiary. We also apply Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") Issue
04-5, 
Investor's Accounting for an Investment in a Limited Partnership When the Investor is the Sole General Partner and the Limited Partners Have Certain
Rights

 ("EITF 04-05"), to investments in joint ventures. 

        Our
judgment with respect to our level of influence or control of an entity and whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE involves the consideration of various factors including,
but not limited to, the form of our ownership interest, our representation on the entity's governing body, the size of our investment, estimates of future cash flows, our ability to participate in
policy making decisions and the rights of the other investors to participate in the decision making process and to replace us as manager and/or liquidate the venture, if applicable. Our ability to
correctly assess our influence or control over an entity or determine the primary beneficiary of a VIE affects the presentation of these entities in our consolidated financial statements. 

        At
December 31, 2007, we leased 81 properties, with a carrying value of $1.3 billion, to a total of nine tenants that have been identified as VIEs ("VIE tenants") and have
a loan with a carrying value of $85 million to a borrower that has been identified as a VIE. We acquired these leases and loan on October 5, 2006 in our merger with CRP. CRP determined
it was not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs, and we are generally required to carry forward CRP's accounting conclusions after the acquisition relative to their primary beneficiary assessments.
On December 21, 2007, we made an investment of approximately $900 million in mezzanine loans where each mezzanine borrower has been identified as a VIE. We have also determined that we
are not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs. At December 31, 2007, our maximum exposure to losses resulting from our involvement in VIEs was limited to the future minimum lease payments of
approximately $1.5 billion from the VIE tenants and the carrying value of approximately $1.0 billion of loans made to the VIE borrowers. 

        If
we determine that we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE our financial statements would include the results of the VIE (either tenant or borrower) rather than the results of our
lease or loan to the VIE. We would depend on the VIE to provide us timely financial information, and we would rely on the internal controls of the VIE to provide accurate financial information. If the
VIE has deficiencies in its internal controls over financial reporting, or does not provide us with timely financial information, this may adversely impact our financial reporting and our internal
controls over financial reporting. 

 Revenue Recognition 

        Rental income from tenants is recognized in accordance with GAAP, including SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104, 
Revenue
Recognition

 ("SAB 104"). We begin recognizing rental revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease term when collectibility is reasonably assured and the
tenant has taken possession or controls the physical use of the leased asset. For assets acquired subject to leases 

48

we
recognize revenue upon acquisition of the asset provided the tenant has taken possession or controls the physical use of the leased asset. If the lease provides for tenant improvements, we
determine whether the tenant improvements, for accounting purposes, are owned by the tenant or us. When we are the owner of the tenant improvements, the tenant is not considered to have taken physical
possession or controls the physical use of the leased asset until the tenant improvements are substantially completed. When the tenant is the owner of the tenant improvements any tenant improvement
allowance funded is treated as a lease incentive and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the lease term. The determination of ownership of the tenant improvements is subject to significant
judgment. Tenant improvement ownership is determined based on various factors including, but not limited to: 

•

whether
the lease stipulates how and on what a tenant improvement allowance may be spent;

•

whether
the tenant or landlord retains legal title to the improvements at the end of the lease term;

•

whether
the tenant improvements are unique to the tenant or general-purpose in nature; and

•

whether
the tenant improvements are expected to have any residual value at the end of the lease. 

If
our assessment of the owner of the tenant improvements for accounting purposes were to change, the timing and amount of our revenue recognized would be impacted. 

        Certain
leases provide for additional rents contingent upon a percentage of the facility's revenue in excess of specified base amounts or other thresholds. Such revenue is recognized
when actual results reported by the tenant, or estimates of tenant results, exceed the base amount or other thresholds. The recognition of additional rents requires us to make estimates of amounts
owed and to a certain extent are dependent on the accuracy of the facility results reported to us. These estimates may differ from actual results, which could be material to our consolidated financial
statements. 

        We
use the direct finance method of accounting to record income from direct financing leases ("DFLs"). For leases accounted for as DFLs, future minimum lease payments are recorded as a
receivable. The difference between the future minimum lease payments and the estimated residual values less the cost of the properties is recorded as unearned income. Unearned income is deferred and
amortized to income over the lease terms to provide a constant yield. Income recognized using the direct finance method requires us to make judgments regarding the collectibility of lease payments and
estimated residual value of the leased asset on an ongoing basis. Changes in our estimates of residual value or collectibility of lease payments, could have a material impact to our consolidated
financial statement. 

 Allowances 

        We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts, including an allowance for straight-line rent receivables, for estimated losses resulting from tenant
defaults or the inability of tenants to make contractual rent and tenant recovery payments. We monitor the liquidity and creditworthiness of our tenants and operators on an ongoing basis. The
evaluation considers industry and economic conditions, property performance, credit enhancements and other factors. For straight-line rent amounts, our assessment is based on income
recoverable over the term of the lease. We exercise judgment in establishing allowances and consider payment history and current credit status in developing these estimates. These estimates may differ
from actual results, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 

        We
also establish allowances for loans based upon an estimate of probable losses for the individual loans deemed to be impaired. Impairment is indicated when it is deemed probable that
we will be 

49

unable
to collect all amounts due on a timely basis according to the contractual terms of the loan. Determining the adequacy of the allowance is complex and requires significant judgment by us about
the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The allowance is based upon the borrower's overall financial condition, resources and payment record; the prospects for support from any
financially responsible guarantors; and, if appropriate, the realizable value of any collateral. Our estimates consider all available evidence including, as appropriate, the present value of the
expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's contractual effective rate, the fair value of collateral, general economic conditions and trends, historical and industry loss experience, and other
relevant factors. While our assumptions are based in part upon historical data, our estimates may differ from actual results, which could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 

 Real Estate 

        Real estate, consisting of land, buildings and improvements, is recorded at cost. We allocate the cost of the acquisition, including the assumption of
liabilities, to the acquired tangible assets and identified intangibles based on their estimated fair values in accordance with SFAS No. 141, 
Business
Combinations

. 

        We
assess fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize appropriate discount and/or capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash
flows are based on a number of factors including historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and market and
economic conditions. The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it was vacant. 

        We
record acquired "above and below" market leases at fair value using discount rates which reflect the risks associated with the leases acquired. The amount recorded is based on the
present value of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (ii) our estimate of fair market lease rates for each
in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above market leases and the initial term plus extended term for any leases with below market fixed rate
renewal options. Other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant's lease. Factors
to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods, market conditions and costs to execute similar leases. In estimating carrying costs, we
include estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the hypothetical expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, we
consider leasing commissions, legal and other related costs. 

        We
are required to make subjective assessments to allocate the purchase price paid to acquire investments in real estate among the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on our
estimate of the fair values of such assets and liabilities. This includes determining the value of the buildings and improvements, land, ground leases, tenant improvements, in-place tenant
leases, favorable or unfavorable market leases and any debt assumed from the seller or loans made by the seller to us. Each of these estimates requires significant judgment and some of the estimates
involve complex calculations. These allocation assessments have a direct impact on our results of operations as amounts allocated to some assets and liabilities are not subject to depreciation or
amortization and those that are have different lives. Additionally, the amortization of value assigned to favorable or unfavorable market rate leases is recorded as an adjustment to rental revenue as
compared to amortization of the value of in-place leases, which is included in depreciation and amortization in our consolidated statements of income. 

50

 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill 

        We assess the carrying value of our long-lived assets, including investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable in accordance with SFAS No. 144, and with respect to goodwill, at least annually applying a
fair-value-based test in accordance with SFAS No. 142, 
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

. If the sum of the expected future net
undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the long-lived asset, an impairment loss will be
recognized by adjusting the asset's carrying amount to its estimated fair value. The determination of the fair value of long-lived assets, including goodwill, involves significant
judgment. This judgment is based on our analysis and estimates of the future operating results and resulting cash flows of each long-lived asset whose carrying amount may not be
recoverable. Our ability to accurately predict future operating results, cash flows and fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. While we believe our assumptions are reasonable,
changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results. 

 Derivatives 

        We use a variety of methods and assumptions based on market conditions and risks existing at each balance sheet date to determine the fair value of our derivative
instruments. To estimate the fair value of these instruments we utilize pricing models, which consider inputs such as forward yield curves and discount rates. These methods of estimating fair value
result in an approximation of benefits or obligations which may be different than amounts ultimately realized. 

        At
inception of each derivative instrument and on an ongoing basis we make an assessment to determine whether these instruments are eligible for hedge accounting by concluding that they
are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows associated with the related hedged item. While we intend to continue to meet the conditions for hedge accounting, if hedges are no longer
highly effective, the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments would be reflected in earnings. 

 Income Taxes 

        As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, significant management judgment is required to estimate our compliance with REIT
requirements. Our determinations are based on interpretation of tax laws, and our conclusions may have an impact on the income tax expense recognized. Adjustments to income tax expense may be required
as a result of i) audits conducted by federal and state tax authorities; ii) our ability to qualify as a REIT; iii) the potential for built-in-gain recognized related to
prior-tax-free acquisitions of C corporations; and iv) changes in tax laws. Adjustments required in any given period are included in income, other than adjustments to income tax
liabilities acquired in business combinations, which are adjusted through goodwill. 

Results of Operations 

        We evaluate our business and allocate resources among our five business segments—(i) senior housing; (ii) life science; (iii) medical
office; (iv) hospital; and (v) skilled nursing. Under the senior housing, life science, hospital and skilled nursing segments, we invest primarily in single operator or tenant properties
through the acquisition and development of real estate, secured financing, mezzanine financing and investment in marketable debt securities of operators in these sectors. Under the medical office
segment, we invest through acquisition and secured financing in MOBs that are primarily leased under gross or modified gross leases, generally to multiple tenants, and which generally require a
greater level of property management. The acquisition of SEUSA on August 1, 2007 resulted in a change to our reportable segments. Prior to the SEUSA acquisition, we operated through two
reportable segments—triple-net leased and medical office buildings. The senior housing, life science, hospital and skilled nursing segments were previously aggregated under our
triple-net leased segment. 

51

SEUSA's
results are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition of August 1, 2007. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in
the summary of significant accounting policies (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). There were no intersegment sales or transfers. 

Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2007 to the Year Ended December 31, 2006 

        We completed our acquisition of SEUSA on August 1, 2007, mergers with CRP and CRC on October 5, 2006 and the acquisition of an interest held by an
affiliate of General Electric ("GE") in HCP MOP on November 30, 2006, which resulted in the consolidation of HCP MOP beginning on that date. The results of operations from our SEUSA, CRP and
HCP MOP transactions are reflected in our consolidated financial statements from those respective dates. 

        During
2008, we expect increases in revenues, expenses and interest income from a full year of results from our SEUSA acquisition, mezzanine loan investments and joint venture
transactions. 

 Rental and related revenues. 

Year Ended December 31,

Change

Segments 

2007

2006

$

%

(dollars in thousands) 

Senior housing

$

298,213

$

167,771

$

130,442

78

%

Life science

79,664

14,919

64,745

434

Medical office

286,556

165,942

120,614

73

Hospital

128,156

94,448

33,708

36

Skilled nursing

43,133

40,841

2,292

6

Total

$

835,722

$

483,921

$

351,801

73

%

•

Senior housing.    

Senior housing rental and related revenues increased $130.4 million, to
$298.2 million, for the year ended December 31, 2007. Approximately $98 million of the increase relates to properties acquired in the CRP merger. Additionally, the results for the
year ended December 31, 2007, include income of $9 million resulting from our change in estimate relating to the collectability of straight-line rents due from Summerville
Senior Living, Inc. The remaining increase in senior housing rental and related revenues primarily relates to rent escalations and resets, and the additive effect of our other acquisitions in
2007 and 2006.

Additionally,
included in senior housing rental and related revenues were facility-level operating revenues for five senior housing properties that were previously leased on a triple-net
basis. Periodically, tenants default on their leases, which causes us to take temporary possession of the operations of the facility. We contract with third-party managers to manage these properties
until a replacement tenant can be identified or the property can be sold. The operating revenues and expenses for these properties are included in senior housing rental and related revenues and
operating expenses, respectively. The increase in reported revenues for these facilities of $1.7 million, to $11.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2007, was primarily due
to an increase in overall occupancy of such properties. 

•

Life science.    

Life science rental and related revenues increased by $64.7 million, to
$79.7 million, for the year ended December 31, 2007, primarily as a result of our acquisition of SEUSA on August 1, 2007.

•

Medical office.    

Medical office rental and related revenues increased $120.6 million, to
$286.6 million, for the year ended December 31, 2007. Approximately $36 million of the increase relates to MOBs acquired in the CRP merger and $64.7 million relates to the
consolidation of HCP MOP. The remaining increase in medical office rental and related revenues primarily relates to the additive effect of our MOB acquisitions in 2007 and 2006. 

52

•

Hospital.

  Hospital rental and related revenues increased by $33.7 million, to $128.2 million, for
the year ended December 31, 2007. Approximately $31.4 million of the increase relates to the additive effect of our hospital acquisitions in 2007 and $3.2 million related to