The section below discusses the most significant risk factors that may materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

        As
set forth below, we believe that the risks facing our company generally fall into the following categories:

•

Risks related to our business; and 

•

Risks related to tax matters, including REIT-related risks. 

 Risks Related to Our Business 

 Volatility or disruption in the financial markets may impair our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance existing obligations and fund real estate and
development activities. 

        The global financial markets recently have experienced pervasive and fundamental disruptions. While these conditions have stabilized
since the first quarter of 2009 and the capital markets generally have shown signs of improvement, the sustainability of an economic recovery is uncertain and additional levels of market disruption
and volatility could materially adversely impact our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance our existing obligations as they mature and fund real estate and development
activities. 

        Market
volatility could also lead to significant uncertainty in the valuation of our investments and those of our joint ventures, that may result in a substantial decrease in the value
of our properties and those of our joint ventures. As a result, we may not be able to recover the carrying amount of such investments and the associated goodwill, if any, which may require us to
recognize impairment charges in earnings. 

 We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs and limitations on our access to such capital could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to
meet commitments as they become due or make future investments necessary to grow our business. 

        We may not be able to fund all future capital needs from cash retained from operations. If we are unable to obtain enough internal
capital, we may need to rely on external sources of capital (including debt and equity financing) to fulfill our capital requirements. If we cannot access these external sources of capital, we may not
be able to make the investments needed to grow our business and to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. Our access to capital
depends upon a number of factors, some of which we have little or no control over, including but not limited to:

•

general availability of credit and market conditions, including rising interest rates and increased borrowing cost; 

•

the market price of the shares of our equity securities and the credit ratings of our debt and preferred securities; 

•

the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; 

•

our degree of financial leverage and operational flexibility; 

•

the financial integrity of our lenders, which might impair their ability to meet their commitments to us or their
willingness to make additional loans to us, and our inability to replace the financing commitment of any such lender on favorable terms, or at all; 

•

the stability in the market value of our properties; 

13

Table of Contents

•

the financial performance and general market perception of our operators, tenants and borrowers; 

•

changes in the credit ratings on U.S. government debt securities or default or delay in payment by the United States of
its obligations; and 

•

issues facing the healthcare industry, including, but not limited to, healthcare reform and changes in government
reimbursement policies. 

        If
our access to capital is limited by these factors or other factors, it could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund operations, refinance our debt obligations, fund
dividend payments, acquire properties and development activities. 

 Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, and negatively impact the market
price of our securities, including our common stock. 

        The credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall
financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of us. Our credit ratings can affect the amount and type of capital we can access, as well as the
terms of any financings we may obtain. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings and in the event that our current credit ratings deteriorate, we would
likely incur higher borrowing costs and it may be more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. Also, a downgrade in our credit ratings
would trigger additional costs or other potentially negative consequences under our current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. 

 Our level of indebtedness may increase and materially adversely affect our future operations. 

        Our outstanding indebtedness as of December 31, 2012 was approximately $8.7 billion. We may incur additional indebtedness
in the future, including in connection with the development or acquisition of assets, which may be substantial. Any significant additional indebtedness could negatively affect the credit ratings of
our debt and require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to interest and principal payments due on our indebtedness. Greater demands on our cash resources may reduce funds available
to us to pay dividends, conduct development activities, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, or carry out other aspects of our business strategy. Increased indebtedness can also limit our
ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, make us more
vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and create competitive disadvantages for us compared to other companies with relatively lower debt levels. Increased future debt service
obligations may limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to finance or refinance our properties, contribute properties to joint ventures or sell properties as needed. 

 Covenants related to our indebtedness limit our operational flexibility and breaches of these covenants could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

        Our unsecured credit facilities, unsecured debt securities and secured debt and other indebtedness that we may incur in the future,
require or will require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining certain levels of debt service coverage and leverage ratio, tangible net worth
requirements and maintaining REIT status. Our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to compliance with these financial and other covenants, which
limit our operational flexibility. For example, mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit or restrict our ability, without the consent of the lender, to further
encumber or sell the applicable properties, or to replace the applicable tenant or operator. Breaches of certain covenants may result in defaults under the mortgages on our properties 

14

Table of Contents

and
cross-defaults under certain of our other indebtedness, even if we satisfy our payment obligations to the respective obligee. Additionally, defaults under the leases or operating agreements
related to mortgaged properties, including defaults associated with the bankruptcy of the applicable tenant or operator, may result in a default under the underlying mortgage and cross-defaults under
certain of our other indebtedness. Covenants that limit our operational flexibility as well as defaults under our debt instruments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

 An increase in interest rates could increase interest cost on new debt, and could materially adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets and limit
our acquisition, investment and development activities. 

        If interest rates increase, so could our interest costs for any new debt. This increased cost could make the financing of any
acquisition and development activity more costly. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures, or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing
and increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our
assets, thereby limiting our ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 

 We depend on a limited number of operators and tenants that account for a large percentage of our revenues. 

        During the year ended December 31, 2012, approximately 48% of our revenues were generated by our leasing or financial
arrangements with the following four companies: HCR ManorCare (30%); Emeritus (8%); Sunrise (5%); and Brookdale (5%). The failure, inability or unwillingness of these operators or tenants to meet
their obligations to us could materially reduce our cash flow as well as our results of operations, which could in turn reduce the amount of dividends we pay, cause our stock price to decline and have
other material adverse effects on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        In
addition, any failure by these operators or tenants to effectively conduct their operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect their business reputation
and their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. These
operators and tenants generally have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective
businesses, and we cannot provide any assurance that they will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable it to satisfy its indemnification obligations. 

 Economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas to which a greater percentage of our revenue is attributed could materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        For the year ended December 31, 2012, approximately 44% of our revenue was derived from properties located in California (22%),
Texas (12%) and Florida (10%). As a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real
estate conditions, increased competition or decreased demand, and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

 The bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of one or more of our major operators or tenants may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

        We lease our properties directly to operators in most cases, and in certain other cases, we lease to third-party tenants who enter into
long-term management agreements with operators to manage the 

15

Table of Contents