The section below discusses the most significant risk factors that may materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

        As
set forth below, we believe that the risks facing our company generally fall into the following four categories: 

•

Risks related to our business; 

•

Risks related to tax matters including REIT-related risks; and 

•

Risks related to our legal organizational structure. 

 Risks Related to Our Business 

 Volatility in the financial markets may impair our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance existing obligations and fund real estate and development
activities. 

        The global financial markets recently have undergone and may continue to experience pervasive and fundamental disruptions. While the
capital markets have shown signs of improvement, the sustainability of an economic recovery is uncertain and additional levels of market disruption and volatility could materially adversely impact our
ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance our existing obligations as they mature and fund real estate and development activities. 

        Market
volatility could also lead to significant uncertainty in the valuation of our investments and those of our joint ventures, that may result in a substantial decrease in the value
of our properties and those of our joint ventures. As a result, we may not be able to recover the carrying amount of such investments and the associated goodwill, if any, which may require us to
recognize impairment charges in earnings. 

 We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs and if our access to such capital is unavailable, limited or on unfavorable terms, we may not be able to
meet commitments as they become due or make future investments necessary to grow our business. 

        We may not be able to fund, from cash retained from operations, all future capital needs. If we are unable to obtain internally needed
capital, we might not be able to make the investments needed to grow our business and to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. As a result, we rely on external sources of capital,
including debt and equity financing, to fulfill
our capital requirements. Our access to capital depends upon a number of factors, some of which we have little or no control over, including but not limited to: 

•

general availability of credit and market conditions, including rising interest rates and increased borrowing cost; 

•

the market price of the shares of our equity securities and the credit ratings of our debt and preferred securities; 

•

the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; 

•

our degree of financial leverage and operational flexibility; 

•

financial integrity of our lenders that might impair their ability to meet their commitments to us or their willingness to
make additional loans to us, and our inability to replace the financing commitment of any such lender on favorable terms, or at all; 

•

the stability in the market value of our properties; 

14

Table of Contents

•

the financial performance of our operators, tenants and borrowers; and 

•

issues facing the healthcare industry, including, but not limited to, healthcare reform and changes in government
reimbursement policies. 

        If
our access to capital is limited by these factors or other factors, it could have a material adverse impact on our ability to refinance our debt obligations, fund dividend payments,
acquire properties and fund operations and development activities. 

 Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, and negatively impact the market
price of our securities, including our common stock. 

        The credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt and preferred equity securities are based on our operating performance, liquidity and
leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of us. Our credit ratings can affect the amount and type of capital we can
access, as well as the terms of any financings we may obtain. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings and in the event that our current credit ratings
deteriorate, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and it may be more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. Also, a downgrade
in our credit ratings would trigger additional costs or other potentially negative consequences under our current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. 

 Our level of indebtedness may increase and materially adversely affect our future operations. 

        Our indebtedness as of December 31, 2010 was approximately $4.6 billion, and after giving effect to the sale of unsecured
notes issued on January 24, 2011 was approximately $7.0 billion. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including in connection with the development or acquisition of
assets, which may be substantial. Any significant additional indebtedness could negatively affect the credit ratings of our debt and require a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and
principal payments due on our indebtedness. Greater demands on our cash resources may reduce funds available to us to pay dividends, conduct development activities, make capital expenditures and
acquisitions, or carry out other aspects of our business strategy. Increased indebtedness can also limit our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, make us more vulnerable to general
adverse economic and industry conditions and create competitive disadvantages for us compared to other companies with relatively lower debt levels. Increased future debt service obligations may limit
our operational flexibility, including our ability to finance or refinance our properties, contribute properties to joint ventures or sell properties as needed. 

 Covenants related to our indebtedness limit our operational flexibility and breaches of these covenants could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

        Our unsecured credit facilities, unsecured debt securities and secured debt and other indebtedness that we may incur in the future,
require or will require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining certain levels of debt service coverage, leverage ratio, tangible net worth
requirements and REIT status. Our continued ability to incur indebtedness and operate in general is subject to compliance with these financial and other covenants, which limit our operational
flexibility. For example, mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit or restrict our ability, without the consent of the lender, to further encumber or sell the
applicable properties, or to replace the applicable tenant or operator. Breaches of certain covenants may result in defaults under the mortgages on our properties and cross-defaults under certain of
our other indebtedness, even if we satisfy our payment obligations to the respective obligee. Additionally, defaults under the leases or operating agreements related to mortgaged properties, including
defaults 

15

Table of Contents

associated
with the bankruptcy of the applicable tenant or operator, may result in a default under the underlying mortgage and cross-defaults under certain of our other indebtedness. Covenants that
limit our operational flexibility as well as defaults under our debt instruments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 An increase in interest rates could increase interest cost on new debt, and could materially adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets and limit
our acquisition and development activities. 

        If interest rates increase, so could our interest costs for any new debt. This increased cost could make the financing of any
acquisition and development activity more costly. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures, or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing
and increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our
ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 

 Unfavorable resolution of pending and future litigation matters and disputes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

        From time to time, we may be directly involved in a number of legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. See "Legal Proceedings" in
Part I, Item 3 in this report for a discussion of certain legal proceedings in which we are involved. We may also be named as defendants in lawsuits allegedly arising out of our actions
or the actions of our operators and tenants in which such operators and tenants have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities
arising in connection with their respective businesses. An unfavorable resolution of pending or future litigation may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. Regardless of its outcome, litigation may result in substantial costs and expenses and significantly divert the attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be
able to prevail in, or achieve a favorable settlement of, pending or future litigation. In addition, pending litigation or future litigation, government proceedings or environmental matters could lead
to increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations. 

 A small number of operators, tenants and borrowers account for a large percentage of our revenues. 

        During the year ended December 31, 2010, approximately 38% of our total revenues are generated by our leasing or financial
arrangements with the following five companies: Emeritus 10%; HCR ManorCare 9%; Sunrise 8%; HCA 6%; and Brookdale 5%. Upon closing the anticipated HCR ManorCare Acquisition in March 2011, revenues
earned from HCR ManorCare will increase significantly. The failure or inability of these operators, tenants or borrowers to meet their obligations to us could materially reduce our cash flow as well
as our results of operations, which could in turn reduce the amount of dividends we pay, cause our stock price to decline and have other material adverse effects on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

 We may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our real estate-related loans, and even if we are successful in our foreclosure efforts, we may be
unable to successfully operate or occupy the underlying real estate, which may adversely affect our ability to recover our investments. 

        If an operator or tenant defaults under one of our mortgages or mezzanine loans, we may have to foreclose on the loan or protect our
interest by acquiring title to the collateral. In some cases, as noted above, the collateral consists of the equity interests in an entity that directly or indirectly owns the applicable real property
and, accordingly, we may not have full recourse to assets of that entity. Operators, tenants or borrowers may contest enforcement of foreclosure or other remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against
our exercise of enforcement or other remedies and/or bring claims for lender liability in response to actions to enforce mortgage obligations. Foreclosure-related costs, high 

16

Table of Contents

loan-to-value
ratios or declines in the value of the facility may prevent us from realizing an amount equal to our mortgage or mezzanine loan upon foreclosure. Even if we are
able to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our real estate-related loans, we may inherit properties for which we may be unable to expeditiously seek tenants or operators, if at all,
which would adversely affect our ability to fully recover our investment. 

 Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our healthcare facilities. 

        Transfers of healthcare facilities to successor tenants or operators may be subject to regulatory approvals, including change of
ownership approvals under certificate of need laws and Medicare and Medicaid provider arrangements, that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial operations and other types of real
estate. The replacement of any tenant or operator could be delayed by the regulatory approval process of any federal, state or local government agency necessary for the transfer of the facility or the
replacement of the operator licensed to manage the facility. If we are unable to find a suitable replacement tenant or operator upon favorable terms, or at all, we may take possession of a facility,
which might expose us to successor liability or require us to indemnify subsequent operators to whom we might transfer the operating rights and licenses, all of which may materially adversely affect
our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

 Competition may make it difficult to identify and purchase, or develop, suitable healthcare facilities, to grow our investment portfolio. 

        We face significant competition from other REITs, investment companies, private equity and hedge fund investors, sovereign funds,
healthcare operators, lenders, developers and other institutional investors, some of whom may have greater resources and lower costs of capital than us. Increased competition makes it more challenging
for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our business goals. If we cannot capitalize on our development pipeline, identify and purchase a sufficient quantity of
healthcare facilities at favorable prices or if we are unable to finance acquisitions on commercially favorable terms, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially
adversely affected. 

 We may be required to incur substantial renovation costs to make certain of our healthcare properties suitable for other operators and tenants. 

        Healthcare facilities are typically highly customized and may not be easily adapted to non-healthcare-related uses. The
improvements generally required to conform a property to healthcare use, such as upgrading electrical, gas and plumbing infrastructure, are costly and at times tenant-specific. A new or replacement
operator or tenant may require different features in a property, depending on that operator's or tenant's particular operations. If a current operator or tenant is unable to pay rent and vacates a
property, we may incur substantial expenditures to modify a property before we are able to secure another operator or tenant. Also, if the property needs to be renovated to accommodate multiple
operators or tenants, we may incur substantial expenditures before we are able to re-lease the space. These expenditures or renovations may materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

17

Table of Contents

 We face additional risks associated with property development that can render a project less profitable or not profitable at all and, under certain circumstances, prevent
completion of development activities once undertaken. 

        Large-scale, ground-up development of healthcare properties presents additional risks for us, including risks
that: 

•

a development opportunity may be abandoned after expending significant resources resulting in the loss of deposits or
failure to recover expenses already incurred; 

•

the development and construction costs of a project may exceed original estimates due to increased interest rates and
higher materials, transportation, labor, leasing or other costs, which could make the completion of the development project less profitable; 

•

construction and/or permanent financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all; 

•

the project may not be completed on schedule, which can result in increases in construction costs and debt service
expenses as a result of a variety of factors that are beyond our control, including: natural disasters, labor conditions, material shortages, regulatory hurdles, civil unrest and acts of war; and 

•

occupancy rates and rents at a newly completed property may not meet expected levels and could be insufficient to make the
property profitable. 

        These
risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of development activities once undertaken, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Our use of joint ventures may limit our flexibility with jointly owned investments. 

        We may develop and/or acquire properties in joint ventures with other persons or entities when circumstances warrant the use of these
structures. Our participation in joint ventures is subject to risks that: 

•

we could experience an impasse on certain decisions because we do not have sole decision-making authority, which could
require us to expend additional resources on resolving such impasses or potential disputes; 

•

our joint venture partners could have investment goals that are not consistent with our investment objectives, including
the timing, terms and strategies for any investments; 

•

our joint venture partners might become bankrupt, fail to fund their share of required capital contributions or fail to
fulfill their obligations as a joint venture partner, which may require us to infuse our own capital into the venture on behalf of the partner despite other competing uses for such capital; and 

•

our joint venture partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues. 

 From time to time, we acquire other companies and if we are unable to successfully integrate these operations, our business, results of operations and financial condition
may be materially adversely affected. 

        Acquisitions require the integration of companies that have previously operated independently. Successful integration of the operations
of these companies depends primarily on our ability to consolidate operations, systems, procedures, properties and personnel and to eliminate redundancies and costs. We may encounter difficulties in
these integrations. Potential difficulties associated with acquisitions include the loss of key employees, the disruption of our ongoing business or that of the 

18

Table of Contents

acquired
entity, possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies and the assumption of unexpected liabilities. In addition, the acquired companies and their properties may
fail to perform as expected, including in respect of estimated cost savings. Inaccurate assumptions regarding future rental or occupancy rates could result in overly optimistic estimates of future
revenues. Similarly, we may underestimate future operating expenses or the costs necessary to bring properties up to standards established for their intended use. If we have difficulties with any of
these areas, or if we later discover additional liabilities or experience unforeseen costs relating to our acquired companies,
we might not achieve the economic benefits we expect from our acquisitions, and this may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 From time to time we have made, and in the future we may seek to make, one or more material acquisitions, which may involve the expenditure of significant funds. 

        We regularly review potential transactions in order to maximize shareholder value and believe that currently there are available a
number of acquisition opportunities that would be complementary to our business, given the recent industry consolidation trend. In connection with our review of such transactions, we regularly engage
in discussions with potential acquisition candidates, some of which are material. Any future acquisitions could require the issuance of securities, the incurrence of debt, assumption of contingent
liabilities or incurrence of significant expenditures, any of which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, the financing required
for such acquisitions may not be available on commercially favorable terms or at all. 

 Loss of our key personnel could temporarily disrupt our operations and adversely affect us 

        We are dependent on the efforts of our executive officers. Although our chief executive officer has an employment agreement with us, we
cannot assure you that he will remain employed with us. The loss or limited availability of the services of our chief executive officer or any of our executive officers, or our inability to recruit
and retain qualified personnel in the future, could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and be negatively perceived in
the capital markets. 

 We may experience uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property, decrease anticipated future
revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expense. 

        We maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are
adequate and appropriate given the relative risk and costs of such coverage. However, a large number of our properties are located in areas exposed to earthquake, windstorm, flood and other natural
disasters and may be subject to other losses. In particular, our life science portfolio is concentrated in areas known to be subject to earthquake activity. While we purchase insurance for earthquake,
windstorm, flood and other natural disasters that we believe is adequate in light of current industry practice and analysis prepared by outside consultants, there is no assurance that such insurance
will fully cover such losses. These losses can decrease our anticipated revenues from a property and result in the loss of all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property. The insurance
market for such exposures can be very volatile and we may be unable to purchase the limits and terms we desire on a commercially reasonable basis in the future. In addition, there are certain
exposures where insurance is not purchased as we do not believe it is economically feasible to do so or where there is no viable insurance market. 

19

Table of Contents

 Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with our real estate related investments may materially impair the value of those investments. 

        Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, as a current or previous owner of real estate, we may be
required to investigate and clean up certain hazardous substances released at a property, and may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage and for investigation
and cleanup costs incurred by the third parties in connection with the contamination. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages
and the costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. Although we (i) currently carry environmental insurance on our properties in an amount and subject to deductibles that we believe
are commercially reasonable, and (ii) generally require our operators and tenants to undertake to indemnify us for environmental liabilities they cause, such liabilities could exceed the amount
of our insurance, the financial ability of the tenant or operator to indemnify us or the value of the contaminated property. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may
materially adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the real estate or to borrow using the real estate as collateral. As the owner of a site, we may also be held liable under common law to third
parties for damages and injuries resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the site. We may also experience environmental liabilities arising from conditions not known to us. 

 The bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of one or more of our major operators or tenants may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

        We lease our properties directly to operators in most cases, and in certain other cases, we lease to third-party tenants who enter into
long-term management agreements with operators to manage the properties. Although our leases, financing arrangements and other agreements with our tenants and operators generally provide
us the right under specified circumstances to terminate a lease, evict an operator or tenant, or demand immediate repayment of certain obligations to us, the bankruptcy laws afford certain rights to a
party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that may render certain of these remedies unenforceable, or at the least, delay our ability to pursue such remedies. For example, we cannot evict
a tenant or operator solely because of its bankruptcy filing. A debtor has the right to assume, or to assume and assign to a third party, or reject its unexpired contracts in a bankruptcy proceeding.
If a debtor were to reject its leases with us, our claim against the debtor for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap set forth in the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which may be
substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. In addition, the inability of our tenants or operators to make payments or comply with certain other lease obligations may
affect our compliance with certain covenants contained in our debt securities, credit facilities and the mortgages on the properties leased or managed by such tenants and operators. In addition, under
certain conditions, defaults under the underlying mortgages may result in cross-default under our other indebtedness. Although we believe that we would be able to secure amendments under the
applicable agreements in those circumstances, the bankruptcy of an applicable operator or tenant may potentially result in less favorable borrowing terms than currently available, delays in the
availability of funding or other material adverse consequences. In addition, many of our facilities are leased to health care providers who provide long-term custodial care to the elderly;
evicting such operators for failure to pay rent while the facility is occupied may be a difficult and slow process, and may not be successful. 

 We may be required to impair the carrying values of the straight-line rents receivable or lease intangibles or impair the related carrying value of leased