Before deciding whether to invest in us, you should carefully consider the risks described below as well as the
risks described elsewhere in this report, which risks are incorporated by reference into this section. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones facing us and there may be
additional risks that we do not presently know of or that we currently consider not likely to have a significant impact on us. All of these risks could adversely affect our business, results of
operations and financial condition.

        As
the owner of healthcare and other real estate facilities, we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Certain of these risks and uncertainties are generally associated
directly with the business of owning and leasing real estate, but others are associated with our specific business model or other attributes of ours. For example, as described elsewhere in this
report, most of our properties are operated by and/or leased to third parties. Accordingly, adverse developments with respect to these third parties may materially adversely affect us. In addition, we
operate in a manner intended to allow
us to qualify as a REIT, which involves the application of highly technical and complex laws and regulations. We believe that the risks facing our company generally fall into the following four
categories: 

•

Risks related to HCP; 

•

Risks related to our operators and tenants; 

•

Risks related to tax matters including REIT-related risks; and 

•

Risks related to our organizational structure. 

 Risks Related to HCP 

 The continuation of volatility in the financial markets may impair our ability to raise capital, obtain new financing or refinance existing obligations and fund real estate
and development activities, all of which may negatively impact our operating results and financial condition

. 

        The
global financial markets have undergone and may continue to experience pervasive and fundamental disruptions. The continuation of this volatility may
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Among other things, the capital markets have experienced and may continue to see extreme pricing volatility, dislocations and
liquidity disruptions, all of which may contribute further to downward pressure on stock prices, widening credit spreads on prospective debt financing and declines in the market values of U.S. and
foreign stock exchanges. While the capital markets have recently shown signs of improvement, the sustainability of an economic recovery is uncertain and additional levels of market disruption and
volatility could impact our ability to obtain new financing or refinance our existing obligations as they mature. 

        Market
volatility could also lead to significant uncertainty in the valuation of our investments and those of our joint ventures, that may result in a substantial decrease in the value
of our properties and those of our joint ventures. As a result, we may not be able to recover the carrying amount of such investments and the associated goodwill, if any, which may require us to
recognize impairment charges in earnings. 

 We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs and if our access to such capital is limited or on unfavorable terms, we may not be able to meet
commitments as they become due or make future investments necessary to grow our business. 

        In order to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and to avoid the nondeductible excise
tax, we are generally required, among other things, to distribute to our stockholders each year at least 90% of our "real estate investment trust taxable income" (computed without regard to the
dividends paid deduction and net capital gains). Under 

14

Table of Contents

recent
Internal Revenue Service guidance, up to 90% of any taxable dividend with respect to calendar years 2008 through 2011, and in some cases dividends declared as late as December 31, 2012,
could be payable in HCP, Inc. stock if certain conditions are satisfied. We may not be able to fund, from cash retained from operations, all future capital needs, including capital needs in
connection with acquisitions and development activities. If we are unable to obtain needed capital at all or only on unfavorable terms from these sources, we might not be able to make the investments
needed to grow our business and to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. As a result, we rely on external sources of capital, including debt and equity financing, to fulfill our capital
requirements. Our access to capital depends upon a number of factors, some of which we have little or no control over, including but not limited to: 

•

general availability of credit and market conditions, including rising interest rates and increased borrowing cost; 

•

the market price of the shares of our equity securities and the ratings of our debt and preferred securities; 

•

the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; 

•

our degree of financial leverage and operational flexibility; 

•

financial deterioration of our lenders that might impair their ability to meet their commitments to us or their
willingness to make additional loans to us, and our inability to replace the financing commitment of any such lender on favorable terms, or at all; 

•

the stability in the market value of our properties; 

•

the financial performance of our operators, tenants and borrowers; and 

•

issues facing the healthcare industry, including healthcare reform and changes in government reimbursement policies. 

        If
our access to capital is limited by these or other factors, it could have an impact on our ability to refinance our debt obligations, fund dividend payments, acquire properties and
fund operations and development activities. 

 There is no assurance that we will make distributions in the future. 

        We intend to continue to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders consistent with our historical practice. However, our ability
to pay distributions may be adversely affected if any of the risks herein occur. All distributions are made at the discretion of the Board of Directors and our future distributions will depend upon a
number of factors, including our earnings, our current and anticipated cash available for distribution, our financial condition, maintenance of our
REIT tax status and such other factors as our Board of Directors may from time to time deem relevant. There can be no assurance of our ability to pay distributions in the future and any reduction in
distributions to our stockholders may negatively impact our stock price. 

 Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and preferred stock financing on favorable terms, if at all, and significantly
reduce the market price of our securities, including our common stock. 

        We currently have a credit rating of Baa3 (stable) from Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's"), BBB (stable) from Standard &
Poor's Ratings Service ("S&P") and BBB (positive) from Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") on our senior unsecured debt securities, and Ba1 (stable) from Moody's, BB+ (stable) from S&P and BB+ (positive) from
Fitch on our preferred equity securities. The credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt and preferred equity securities are based on our operating performance, liquidity and 

15

Table of Contents

leverage
ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analyses of us. Our credit ratings can affect the amount and type of capital we can
access, as well as the terms of any financings we may obtain. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings and in the event that our current credit ratings
deteriorate, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and it may be more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. Also, a downgrade
in our credit ratings would trigger additional costs or other potentially negative consequences under our current and future credit facilities and debt instruments. 

 Our level of indebtedness could materially adversely affect us in many ways, including reducing funds available for other business purposes and reducing our operational
flexibility. 

        Our indebtedness as of December 31, 2009 was approximately $5.7 billion. We may incur additional indebtedness in the
future, including in connection with the development or acquisition of assets, which may be substantial. Any significant additional indebtedness could negatively affect the credit ratings of our debt
and preferred equity securities and require a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and principal payments due on our indebtedness. Greater demands on our cash resources may reduce
funds available to us to pay dividends, conduct development activities, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, or carry out other aspects of our business strategy. Increased indebtedness can also
limit our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions, make us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions and create competitive disadvantages for us compared to
other companies with relatively lower debt levels. Increased future debt service obligations may limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to finance or refinance our properties,
contribute properties to joint ventures or sell properties as needed. 

 Covenants in our existing and future credit agreements and other debt instruments limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach or a default could materially
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        The terms of our credit agreements and other indebtedness, including additional credit agreements or amendments we may enter into and
other indebtedness we may incur in the future, require or will require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining certain levels of debt service
coverage, leverage ratio and tangible net worth requirements. Our continued ability to incur indebtedness and operate in general is subject to compliance with these financial and other covenants,
which limit our operational flexibility. For example, mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit or restrict our ability, without the consent of the lender, to
further encumber or sell the applicable properties, or to replace the applicable tenant or operator. Breaches of certain covenants may result in defaults under the mortgages on our properties and
cross-defaults under certain of our other indebtedness, even if we satisfy our payment obligations to the respective obligee. In addition, defaults under the leases or operating agreements related to
mortgaged properties, including defaults associated with the bankruptcy of the applicable tenant or operator, may result in a default under the underlying mortgage and cross-defaults under certain of
our other indebtedness. Covenants that limit our operational flexibility as well as defaults under our debt instruments could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

 An increase in interest rates would increase our interest costs on our existing variable rate debt and could increase interest cost on new debt, and could adversely impact
our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets and limit our acquisition and development activities. 

        If interest rates increase, so could our interest costs for any new debt. This increased cost could make the financing of any
acquisition and development activity more costly. We may incur more 

16

Table of Contents

variable
interest rate indebtedness in the future. Rising interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures, or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing
and increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our
ability to reposition our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 

 Unfavorable resolution of pending and future litigation matters and disputes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 

        From time to time, we may be directly involved in a number of legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. See "Legal Proceedings" in
Part I, Item 3 in this report for a discussion of certain legal proceedings in which we are involved. We may also be named as defendants in lawsuits allegedly arising out of actions of
our operators and tenants in which such operators and tenants have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection
with their respective businesses. See "Risks Related to Our Operators and Tenants—
Our operators and tenants are faced with litigation and may experience rising
liability and insurance costs that may affect their ability to make their lease or mortgage payments

." An unfavorable resolution of pending or future litigation may have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. Regardless of its outcome, litigation may result in substantial costs and expenses and significantly divert the attention of
management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in, or achieve a favorable settlement of, pending or future litigation. In addition, pending litigation or future litigation,
government proceedings or environmental matters could lead to increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations. 

 A small number of operators and tenants, some of whom are experiencing significant legal, financial and regulatory difficulties, account for a large percentage of our
revenues. 

        During the year ended December 31, 2009, approximately 30% of our total revenues are generated by our leasing or financial
arrangements with the following four companies: Sunrise 11%; HCR ManorCare 7%; Brookdale 6%; and HCA 6%. Certain of these companies are experiencing significant legal, financial and regulatory
difficulties. Among other things, Sunrise has disclosed that as of September 30, 2009, it has no borrowing availability under its bank credit facility, has significant scheduled debt maturities
in 2009 and 2010 and significant long-term debt that is in default. While we periodically evaluate the creditworthiness of our operators, tenants and borrowers, there can be no assurance
that our operators, tenants or borrowers will be able to meet their obligations to us. The failure or inability of these operators, tenants or borrowers to meet their obligations to us could
materially reduce our cash flow as well as our results of operations, which could in turn reduce the amount of dividends we pay, cause our stock price to decline and have other material adverse
effects. See "Risks Related to Our Operators and Tenants—
The bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of one or more of our major operators or tenants may
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition

" for additional information on the risks we face from a failure of one or more of our
operators or tenants. 

 We have investments in mezzanine loans, which are subject to a greater risk of loss than loans secured by the underlying real estate. 

        At December 31, 2009, we had mezzanine loan investments with a carrying value of $934 million. Our mezzanine loans
generally take the form of subordinated loans secured by a pledge of ownership interests in either the entity owning the property or a pledge of the ownership interests in the entity that owns,
directly or through other entities, the interest in the entities owning the properties. These types of investments involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage loans
secured by income producing real property because the investment may have a lesser likelihood of being repaid in 

17

Table of Contents

full
as a result of foreclosure by the senior lender. In the event of a bankruptcy of the entity providing the pledge of its ownership interests as security, we may not have full recourse to the
assets of such entity, or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to fully repay our mezzanine loans. If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loans or debt senior to our loans, or in the event
of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine loans will be satisfied only after the senior debt is paid and consistent with bankruptcy rules. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our investment.
In addition, mezzanine loans may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss of
principal. If our mezzanine loans are not repaid, or are only partially repaid, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

 We may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our real estate-related loans, and even if we are successful in our foreclosure efforts, we may be
unable to successfully operate or occupy the underlying real estate, which may adversely affect our ability to recover our investments. 

        If an operator or tenant defaults under one of our mortgages or mezzanine loans, we may have to foreclose on the loan or protect our
interest by acquiring title to the collateral. In some cases, as noted above, the collateral consists of the equity interests in an entity that directly or indirectly owns the applicable real property
and, accordingly, we may not have full recourse to assets of that entity. Operators, tenants or borrowers may contest enforcement of foreclosure or other remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against
our exercise of enforcement or other remedies and/or bring claims for lender liability in response to actions to enforce mortgage obligations. Foreclosure-related costs, high
loan-to-value ratios or declines in the value of the facility may prevent us from realizing an amount equal to our mortgage or mezzanine loan upon foreclosure. Even if we are
able to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our real estate-related loans, we may inherit properties for which we may be unable to expeditiously seek tenants or operators, if at all,
which would adversely affect our ability to fully recover our investment. 

 Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our healthcare facilities. 

        Transfers of healthcare facilities to successor tenants or operators may be subject to regulatory approvals, including change of
ownership approvals under certificate of need laws and Medicare and Medicaid provider arrangements, that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial operations and other types of real
estate. The replacement of any tenant or operator could be delayed by the regulatory approval process of any federal, state or local government agency necessary for the transfer of the facility or the
replacement of the operator licensed to manage the facility. If we are unable to find a suitable replacement tenant or operator upon favorable terms, or at all, we may take possession of a facility,
which might expose us to successor liability or require us to indemnify subsequent operators to whom we might transfer the operating rights and licenses, all of which may adversely affect our revenues
and operations. 

 We may not be able to sell properties when we desire because real estate investments are relatively illiquid. 

        Real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. In addition, some of our properties serve as collateral for our secured debt
obligations and cannot be readily sold. We may not be able to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in the real estate market. A downturn in the real estate market could adversely affect
the value of our properties and our ability to sell such properties for a price or on terms acceptable to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close
the sale of a property or portfolio of properties. In addition, there are provisions under the federal income tax laws applicable to REITs that may limit our ability to recognize the full economic
benefit from a sale of our assets. These factors and any others that would impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

18

Table of Contents

 Real estate is a competitive business and this competition may make it difficult to identify and purchase, or develop, suitable healthcare and other facilities, to grow our
operations through these activities or to successfully reinvest proceeds. 

        We operate in a highly competitive industry. We face competition from other REITs, investment companies, private equity and hedge fund
investors, sovereign funds, healthcare operators, lenders, developers and other institutional investors, some of whom may have greater resources and lower costs of capital than us. Increased
competition makes it more challenging
for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our business goals. If we cannot capitalize on our development pipeline, identify and purchase a sufficient quantity of
healthcare facilities at favorable prices, or reinvest proceeds on a timely basis, or if we are unable to finance acquisitions on commercially favorable terms, our business, results of operations and
financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

 Because of the unique and specific improvements required for healthcare facilities, we may be required to incur substantial development and renovation costs to make certain
of our properties suitable for other operators and tenants, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        Healthcare facilities are typically highly customized and may not be easily adapted to non-healthcare-related uses. The
improvements generally required to conform a property to healthcare use, such as upgrading electrical, gas and plumbing infrastructure, are costly and at times tenant-specific. A new or replacement
operator or tenant may require different features in a property, depending on that operator's or tenant's particular operations. If a current operator or tenant is unable to pay rent and vacates a
property, we may incur substantial expenditures to modify a property before we are able to secure another operator or tenant. Also, if the property needs to be renovated to accommodate multiple
operators or tenants, we may incur substantial expenditures before we are able to re-lease the space. These expenditures or renovations may materially adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

 We face additional risks associated with property development that can render a project less profitable or not profitable at all and, under certain circumstances, prevent
completion of development activities once undertaken, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        Large-scale, ground-up development of healthcare properties presents additional risks for us, including risks
that: 

•

a development opportunity may be abandoned after expending significant resources resulting in the loss of deposits or
failure to recover expenses already incurred; 

•

the development and construction costs of a project may exceed original estimates due to increased interest rates and
higher materials, transportation, labor, leasing or other costs, which could make the completion of the development project less profitable; 

•

construction and/or permanent financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all; 

•

the project may not be completed on schedule, which can result in increases in construction costs and debt service
expenses as a result of a variety of factors that are beyond our control, including: natural disasters, labor conditions, material shortages, regulatory hurdles, civil unrest and acts of war; and 

•

occupancy rates and rents at a newly completed property may not meet expected levels and could be insufficient to make the
property profitable. 

19

Table of Contents 

        These risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of development activities once
undertaken, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Our use of joint ventures may limit our flexibility with jointly owned investments and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        We intend to develop and/or acquire properties in joint ventures with other persons or entities when circumstances warrant the use of
these structures. Our participation in joint ventures is subject to risks that: 

•

we could experience an impasse on certain decisions because we do not have sole decision-making authority, which could
require us to expend additional resources on resolving such impasses or potential disputes; 

•

our joint venture partners could have investment goals that are not consistent with our investment objectives, including
the timing, terms and strategies for any investments; 

•

our joint venture partners might become bankrupt, fail to fund their share of required capital contributions or fail to
fulfill their obligations as a joint venture partner, which may require us to infuse our own capital into the venture on behalf of the partner despite other competing uses for such capital; and 

•

our joint venture partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflict of interest issues. 

 From time to time, we acquire other companies and need to integrate them into our existing business. If we are unable to successfully integrate the operations of acquired
companies or they fail to perform as expected, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. 

        Acquisitions require the integration of companies that have previously operated independently. Successful integration of the operations
of these companies depends primarily on our ability to consolidate operations, systems, procedures, properties and personnel and to eliminate redundancies and costs. We cannot provide assurance that
we will be able to integrate the operations of the companies that we have acquired, or may acquire in the future, without encountering difficulties. Potential difficulties associated with acquisitions
include the loss of key employees, the disruption of our ongoing business or that of the acquired entity, possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies and the assumption of
unexpected liabilities. Estimated cost savings in connection with acquisitions are typically projected to come from various areas that our management identifies through the due diligence and
integration planning process; yet, our target companies and their properties may fail to perform as expected. Inaccurate assumptions regarding future rental or occupancy rates could result in overly
optimistic estimates of future revenues. Similarly, we may underestimate future operating expenses or the costs necessary to bring properties up to standards established for their intended use. If we
have difficulties with any of these areas, or if we later discover additional liabilities or experience unforeseen costs relating to our acquired companies, we might not achieve the economic benefits
we expect from our acquisitions, and this may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 We are subject to significant corporate regulation as a public company and failure to comply with all applicable regulations could subject us to liability and negatively
impact our stock price. 

        We are subject to significant regulation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. While we have developed corporate governance and
compliance initiatives based on what we believe are the current best practices and periodically evaluate such initiatives in response to newly implemented or changing 

20

Table of Contents

regulatory
requirements, we cannot provide assurance that we are or will be in compliance with all potentially applicable corporate regulations. For example, we are required to provide a report by
management on internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, including management's assessment of the effectiveness of such control. Changes to our business will
necessitate ongoing changes to our internal control systems and processes. Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations,
including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the
preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we
experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely harmed, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations and
there could be a material adverse effect on our stock price. 

 Loss of our key personnel could temporarily disrupt our operations and adversely affect us. 

        We are dependent on the efforts of our executive officers. Although our chief executive officer has an employment agreement with us, we
cannot assure you that he will remain employed with us. The loss or limited availability of the services of our chief executive officer or any of our executive officers, or our inability to recruit
and retain qualified personnel in the future, could, at least temporarily, have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations and be negatively perceived in the capital markets. 

 We may experience uninsured or underinsured losses, which could result in a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property, decrease anticipated future
revenues or cause us to incur unanticipated expense. 

        We maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are
adequate and appropriate given the relative risk and costs of such coverage. However, a large number of our properties are located in areas exposed to earthquake, windstorm and flood and may be
subject to other losses. In particular, our life science portfolio is concentrated in areas known to be subject to earthquake activity. While we purchase insurance for earthquake, windstorm and flood
that we believe is adequate in light of current industry practice and analysis prepared by outside consultants, there is no assurance that such insurance will fully cover such losses. These losses can
decrease our anticipated revenues from a property and result in the loss of all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property. The insurance market for such exposures can be very volatile
and we may be unable to purchase the limits and terms we desire on a commercially reasonable basis in the future. In addition, there are certain exposures where insurance is not purchased as we do not
believe it is economically feasible to do so or where there is no viable insurance market. 

 Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with our real estate related investments may materially impair the value of those investments. 

        Under various federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, as a current or previous owner of real estate, we may be
required to investigate and clean up certain hazardous substances released at a property, and may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage and for investigation
and cleanup costs incurred by the third parties in connection with the contamination. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages
and the costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. Although we (i) currently carry environmental insurance on our properties in an amount and subject to deductibles that we believe
are commercially reasonable, and (ii) generally require our operators and tenants to 

21

Table of Contents

undertake
to indemnify us for environmental liabilities they cause, such liabilities could exceed the amount of our insurance, the financial ability of the tenant or operator to indemnify us or the
value of the contaminated property. The presence of contamination or the failure to remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the real estate or to borrow using the
real estate as collateral. As the owner of a site, we may also be held liable under common law to third parties for damages and injuries resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the
site. We may also experience environmental liabilities arising from conditions not known to us. 

 Risks Related to Our Operators and Tenants 

 The bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of one or more of our major operators or tenants may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

        We lease our properties directly to operators in most cases, and in certain other cases, we lease to third-party tenants who enter into
long-term management agreements with operators to manage the properties. Although our leases, financing arrangements and other agreements with our tenants and operators generally provide
us the right under specified circumstances to terminate a lease, evict an operator or tenant, or demand immediate repayment of certain obligations to us, the bankruptcy laws afford certain rights to a
party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that may render certain of these remedies unenforceable, or at the least, delay our ability to pursue such remedies. For example, we cannot evict
a tenant or operator solely because of its bankruptcy filing. A debtor has the right to assume, or to assume and assign to a third party, or reject its unexpired contracts in a bankruptcy proceeding.
If a debtor were to reject its leases with us, our claim against the debtor for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap set forth in the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which may be
substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease. In addition, the inability of our tenants or operators to make payments or comply with certain other lease obligations may
affect our compliance with certain covenants contained in the mortgages on the properties leased or managed by such tenants and operators. Moreover, if certain tenants or operators who lease or manage
our mortgaged properties were to file for bankruptcy protection, such action may result in a default under the underlying mortgage and cross-defaults under our other indebtedness. Although we believe
that we would be able to secure amendments under the applicable agreements in those circumstances, the bankruptcy of an applicable operator or tenant may potentially result in less favorable borrowing
terms than currently available, delays in the availability of funding or other material adverse consequences. 

        Many
of our operating leases also contain non-contingent rent escalators for which we recognize income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. This method
results in rental income in the early years of a lease being higher than actual cash received, creating a straight-line rent receivable asset included in the caption "Other assets, net" on
our consolidated balance sheets. At some point during the lease, depending on its terms, the cash rent payments eventually exceed the straight-line rent which results in the
straight-line rent receivable asset decreasing to zero over the remainder of the lease term. We assess the collectibility of the straight-line rent that is expected to be
collected in a future period, and, depending on circumstances, we may provide a reserve against the previously recognized straight-line rent receivable asset for a portion, up to its full
value, that we estimate may not be recoverable. In addition, upon acquisition of a leased property that we account for as an operating lease, we may record lease-related intangible assets. The balance
of straight-line rent receivable at December 31, 2009, net of allowances was $159 million. We had approximately $390 million of lease-related intangible assets, net of
amortization, and $200 million of lease-related intangible liabilities, net of amortization, associated with our operating leases at December 31, 2009. To the extent any of the operators
or tenants for our properties, for the reasons discussed above, become unable to pay amounts due, we may be required to impair the carrying values of the straight-line rents receivable or
lease intangibles or may impair the related carrying value of leased properties. 

22

Table of Contents

 The current U.S. housing market may adversely affect our operators' and tenants' ability to increase or maintain occupancy levels at, and rental income from, our
senior housing facilities. 

        Our tenants and operators may have relatively flat or declining occupancy levels in the near-term due to falling home
prices, declining incomes, stagnant home sales and other economic factors. Seniors may choose to postpone their plans to move into senior housing facilities rather than sell their homes at a loss, or
for a profit below their expectations. Moreover, tightening lending standards have made it more difficult for potential buyers to obtain mortgage financing, all of which have contributed to the
declining home sales. In addition, the senior housing segment may continue to experience a decline in occupancy associated with private pay residents choosing to move out of the facilities to be cared
for at home by relatives due to the weak economy. A material decline in our tenants' and operators' occupancy levels and revenues may make it more difficult for them to meet their financial
obligations to us, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Operators and tenants that fail to comply with the requirements of governmental reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid, licensing and certification
requirements, fraud and abuse regulations or new legislative developments may cease to operate or be unable to meet their financial and contractual obligations to us. 

        Certain of our operators and tenants are affected by an extremely complex set of federal, state and local laws and regulations that are
subject to frequent and substantial changes (sometimes applied retroactively) resulting from legislation, adoption of rules and regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations of existing
law. See "Item 1—Business—Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement" above. For example, to the extent that any of our operators or tenants receive a significant
portion of their revenues from governmental payors, primarily Medicare and Medicaid, such revenues may be subject to statutory and regulatory changes, retroactive rate adjustments, recovery of program
overpayments or set-offs, administrative rulings, policy interpretations, payment or other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers, government funding restrictions (at a program level
or with respect to specific facilities) and interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing governmental investigations and audits at such property. In recent years, governmental payors have
frozen or reduced payments to healthcare providers due to budgetary pressures. Healthcare reimbursement will likely continue to be of significant importance to federal and state authorities. We cannot
make any assessment as to the ultimate timing or the effect that any future legislative reforms may have on our operators' and tenants' costs of doing business and on the amount of reimbursement by
government and other third-party payors. The failure of any of our operators or tenants to comply with these laws, requirements and regulations could adversely affect their ability to meet their
financial and contractual obligations to us. 

        Certain
of our operators and tenants are also generally subject to extensive federal, state and local licensure, certification and inspection laws and regulations. Our operators' or
tenants' failure to comply with any of these laws could result in loss of accreditation, denial of reimbursement, imposition of fines, suspension or decertification from federal and state healthcare
programs, loss of license or closure of the facility. For example, certain of our properties may require a license and/or certificate of need to operate. Failure of any operator or tenant to obtain a
license or certificate of need, or loss of a required license or certificate of need, would prevent a facility from operating in the manner intended by such operator or tenant. Additionally, failure
of our operators and tenants to generally comply with applicable laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on facilities owned by or mortgaged to us, and therefore may adversely impact us. See
"Item 1—Business—Government Regulation, Licensing and Enforcement—Healthcare Licensure and Certificate of Need" above. 

        Legislative
proposals are introduced or proposed in Congress and in some state legislatures each year that would affect major changes in the healthcare system, either nationally or at
the state level. For example, Congress is currently considering comprehensive legislation that could make significant 

23

Table of Contents

changes
to the U.S. healthcare system. We cannot accurately predict whether any proposals will be adopted or, if adopted, what effect, if any, these proposals would have on our operators and tenants
and, thus, our business. 

 Increased competition as well as increased operating costs have resulted in lower net revenues for some of our operators and tenants and may affect their ability to meet
their financial and other contractual obligations to us. 

        The healthcare industry is highly competitive and can become more competitive in the future. The occupancy levels at, and rental income
from, our facilities is dependent on the ability of our operators and tenants to compete with entities that have substantial capital resources. These entities compete with other operators and tenants
on a number of different levels, including: the quality of care provided, reputation, the physical appearance of a facility, price, the range of services offered, family preference, alternatives for
healthcare delivery, the supply of competing properties, physicians, staff, referral sources, location, and the size and demographics of the population in the surrounding area. Private, federal and
state payment programs and the effect of laws and regulations may also have a significant influence on the profitability of the properties and their tenants. Our operators and tenants also compete
with numerous other companies providing similar healthcare services or alternatives such as home health agencies, life care at home, community-based service programs, retirement communities and
convalescent centers. Such competition, which has intensified due to overbuilding in some segments in which we invest, has caused the fill-up rate of newly constructed buildings to slow
and the monthly rate that many newly built and previously existing facilities were able to obtain for their services to decrease. We cannot be certain that the operators and tenants of all of our
facilities will be able to achieve occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. Further, many competing companies may have resources and attributes that are
superior to those of our operators and tenants. Thus, our operators and tenants may encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their
businesses which could materially adversely affect their ability to meet their financial and other contractual obligation to us, potentially decreasing our revenues and increasing our collection and
dispute costs. 

 Our operators and tenants may not procure the necessary insurance to adequately insure against losses. 

        Our leases generally require our tenants and operators to secure and maintain comprehensive liability and property insurance that
covers us, as well as the tenants and
operators. Some types of losses may not be adequately insured by our tenants and operators. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could incur liability or lose all
or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from the property. In such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt
or other financial obligations related to the property. We continually review the insurance maintained by our tenants and operators. However, we cannot assure you that material uninsured losses, or
losses in excess of insurance proceeds, will not occur in the future. 

 Our operators and tenants are faced with litigation and may experience rising liability and insurance costs that may affect their ability to make their lease or mortgage
payments. 

        In some states, advocacy groups have been created to monitor the quality of care at healthcare facilities and these groups have brought
litigation against the operators and tenants of such facilities. Also, in several instances, private litigation by patients has succeeded in winning large damage awards for alleged abuses. The effect
of this litigation and other potential litigation may materially increase the costs incurred by our operators and tenants for monitoring and reporting quality of care compliance. In addition, their
cost of liability and medical malpractice insurance can be significant and may increase so long as the present healthcare litigation environment continues. Cost increases could cause our 

24

Table of Contents

operators
to be unable to make their lease or mortgage payments or fail to purchase the appropriate liability and malpractice insurance, potentially decreasing our revenues and increasing our
collection and litigation costs. Moreover, to the extent we are required to take back the affected facilities from our operators and tenants, our revenues from those facilities could be reduced or
eliminated for an extended period of time. In addition, as a result of our ownership of healthcare facilities, we may be named as a defendant in lawsuits allegedly arising from the actions of our
operators or tenants, which may require unanticipated expenditures on our part. 

 Our tenants in the life science industry face high levels of regulation, expense and uncertainty that may adversely affect their ability to make payments to us and,
consequently, may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

        Life science tenants, particularly those involved in developing and marketing pharmaceutical products, are subject to certain unique
risks, as follows: 

•

some of our tenants require significant outlays of funds for the research, development and clinical testing of their
products and technologies. If private investors, the government or other sources of funding are unavailable to support such activities, a tenant's business may be adversely affected or fail. 

•

the research, development, clinical testing, manufacture and marketing of some of our tenants' products require federal,
state and foreign regulatory approvals. The approval process is typically long, expensive and uncertain. Even if our tenants have sufficient funds to seek approvals, one or all of their products may
fail to obtain the required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. Furthermore, some tenants may only have a small number of products under development. If one product fails to receive the
required approvals at any stage of development, it could significantly adversely affect our tenant's entire business and its ability to make payments to us. 

•

even after a life science tenant gains regulatory approval and market acceptance, the product may still present
significant regulatory and liability risks. Such risks may include, among others, the possible later discovery of safety concerns, competition from new products, and ultimately the expiration of
patent protection for the product. These factors may have an adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of our life science tenants and therefore may adversely impact us. 

•

our tenants with marketable products may be adversely affected by healthcare reform and the reimbursement policies of
government or private healthcare payors. 

•

our tenants may be unable to adequately protect their intellectual property under patent, copyright or trade secret laws.
Failure to do so could jeopardize their ability to profit from their efforts and to protect their products from competition. 

        We
cannot assure you that our life science tenants will be successful in their businesses. If our tenants' businesses are adversely affected, they may have difficulty making payments to
us, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Tax and REIT-Related Risks 

 Loss of HCP, Inc.'s tax status as a REIT would substantially reduce our available funds and would have material adverse consequences to us. 

        Commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 1985, HCP, Inc. has operated in a manner that is intended to allow it
to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes under the Code. In addition, as described below, we own the stock of HCP Life Science REIT, Inc. ("HCP Life Science 

25

Table of Contents

REIT")
which elected to be treated as a REIT commencing with its initial taxable year ended December 31, 2007. 

        Qualification
as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The
determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect the ability of HCP, Inc. and HCP Life Science REIT to qualify as REITs. If HCP Life Science
REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, HCP, Inc. also would fail to qualify as a REIT unless HCP, Inc. (or HCP Life Science REIT) could make use of certain relief provisions provided
under the Code. To qualify as REITs, HCP, Inc. and HCP Life Science REIT must each satisfy a number of organizational, operational, stockholder ownership, dividend distribution, asset, income
and other requirements. For example, to qualify as a REIT, at least 95% of HCP, Inc.'s gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, and HCP, Inc. must make
distributions to its stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, excluding net capital gains. In addition, new legislation, treasury regulations, administrative
interpretations or court decisions may adversely affect our investors if such future events affected HCP, Inc.'s ability to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes. Although we believe that
HCP, Inc. and HCP Life Science REIT have been organized and have operated in such manner, we can give no assurance that HCP, Inc. or HCP Life Science REIT have qualified or will continue
to qualify as a REIT for tax purposes. 

        If
HCP, Inc. loses its REIT status, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to make payments of principal and interest on the debt
securities we issue and to make distributions to stockholders. If HCP, Inc. fails to qualify as a REIT: 

•

it would not be allowed an income tax deduction for dividends distributed to stockholders and would be subject to federal
and state income tax at regular corporate rates or alternative minimum tax rates; 

•

it could also be subject to increased local income taxes; and 

•

unless HCP, Inc. is entitled to relief under statutory provisions, it could not elect to be subject to tax as a
REIT for four taxable years following the year for which it was disqualified. 

        In
addition, if HCP, Inc. fails to qualify as a REIT, it would not be required to make distributions to stockholders; however, all distributions to stockholders would be subject
to tax as qualifying corporate dividends to the extent of HCP, Inc.'s current and accumulated earnings and profits. 

        As
a result of all these factors, HCP, Inc.'s failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and could materially adversely
affect the value of our common stock. 

 Certain property transfers may generate prohibited transaction income, resulting in a penalty tax on gain attributable to the transaction. 

        From time to time, we may transfer or otherwise dispose of some of our properties. Under the Code, any gain resulting from transfers of