The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, operations and
financial condition. These risk factors should be considered in connection with evaluating the
forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K because these factors could
cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in
forward-looking statements. This section does not describe all risks applicable to us, our
industry or our business, and we intend it only as a summary of certain material factors. If any
of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations
could be negatively affected. In that case, the trading price of our stock could decline.

We depend upon reimbursement by third-party payors.

Our revenues are derived from private and governmental third-party payors. In 2005, 39 percent of
our long-term care and rehabilitation revenues were derived from Medicare, 29 percent from Medicaid
and 32 percent from commercial insurers, managed care plans, workers’ compensation payors and other
private pay revenue sources. There are pressures from many payors to control health care costs and
to reduce or limit increases in reimbursement rates for health care services. Governmental payment
programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes, retroactive rate adjustments,
administrative or executive orders and government funding restrictions, all of which may materially
increase or decrease the rate of program payments to us for our services. In the past, we have
experienced a decrease in revenues primarily attributable to declines in government reimbursement
as a result of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, or the Budget Act. Although certain rate
reductions resulting from the Budget Act were mitigated temporarily by the SCHIP Balanced Budget
Refinement Act of 1999 and the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Benefits Improvement and Protection
Act of 2000, the Budget Act significantly changed the method of payment under the Medicare and
Medicaid programs for our services. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, has
issued a final Medicare skilled nursing facility payment rule for the 12 months ended September 30,
2006 that implements refinements to the patient classification system and triggers the expiration
of a payment add-on for certain high-acuity patients. Skilled nursing facilities continued to be
paid under the prior classification system from October 1, 2005 through December 31, 2005, and the
new classification system became effective January 1, 2006. The final rule also adopts a 3.1
percent market basket increase for the 12 months ended September 30, 2006. Therefore, while
Medicare payments to skilled nursing facilities were reduced by an estimated $1.02 billion because
of the expiration of temporary add-on payments, according to CMS this reduction will be more than
offset by a $510 million increase from the refined classification system and a $530 million
increase from the payment rate update. The changes that took effect January 1, 2006 will have a
negative impact on our Medicare rate. Our average Medicare rate of $379 for the fourth quarter of
2005 increased over $17 per day compared with the third quarter of 2005. Of this increase, about
$11 per day was related to the market basket increase, and our mix shift accounted for the
additional $6 per day. We previously expected our average Medicare rate to decrease $17 to $20 per
day in the first

8

Table of Contents

quarter of 2006 as
a result of the expiration of the add-on payments and the new patient classification refinements.
Now we expect to substantially offset this decrease with the continuing shift to higher-acuity
patients. In addition, in February 2006 Congress enacted the Deficit Reduction Act which will
reduce net Medicare and Medicaid spending by approximately $11 billion over five years. See the
“Results of Operations – Overview” section on pages 21-23 under Item 7, Management’s Discussion and
Analysis, for additional discussion of Medicare and Medicaid legislation and the effects of the
Deficit Reduction Act on us. It is possible that future budget cuts in Medicare may be enacted by
Congress and implemented by CMS. Therefore, we cannot assure you that payments from governmental
or private payors will remain at levels comparable to present levels or will, in the future, be
sufficient to cover the costs allocable to patients eligible for reimbursement pursuant to such

programs.

Due to budgetary shortfalls, many states are considering or have enacted cuts to their Medicaid
programs, including funding for our services. In the future, changes to Medicaid may include
reducing eligibility, eliminating optional services and transitioning Medicaid patients to less
care-intensive settings. In addition, a number of states use various funding mechanisms, including
provider assessment programs and intergovernmental transfers, to increase federal Medicaid matching
funds. Federal regulations permit states to use these funding sources toward a state’s share of
Medicaid expenditures if the state program meets federal requirements. The Department of Health
and Human Services has established a Medicaid Commission to advise Congress and the Department’s
Secretary on ways to modernize the Medicaid program so that it can provide high-quality health care
to its beneficiaries in a financially sustainable manner. The Medicaid Commission is charged with
recommending options to achieve $10 billion in Medicaid savings over five years along with
longer-term Medicaid financing reforms. On September 1, 2005, the Commission released its
“short-term” Medicaid savings recommendations, which include changes to nursing home eligibility
rules. Some of the options that could be considered by the Medicaid Commission include curtailing
intergovernmental transfers and limiting provider assessment programs in order to decrease
federal Medicaid matching funds. Further, the Deficit Reduction Act includes several changes to
the Medicaid program designed to rein in program spending.

The health care industry reimbursement process is complex and can involve lengthy delays between
the time that revenue is recognized and the time that reimbursement amounts are settled. As a
result, the reimbursement process may affect our financial condition and results of operations. In
fact, we are subject to periodic audits by the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and the paying
agencies for these programs have various rights and remedies against us if they assert that we have
overcharged the programs or failed to comply with program requirements. These payment and
government agencies can reopen previously filed and reviewed cost reports and require us to repay
any overcharges, as well as make deductions from future amounts due to us. In the ordinary course
of business, we appeal the Medicare and Medicaid program’s denial of costs claimed to seek recovery
of those denied costs. For example, we are currently appealing the Medicare fiscal intermediary’s
incorrect adjustment of certain expenses on the former Manor

9

Table of Contents

Care’s home office cost reports from 1997 to 1999, which required us to make a repayment of
$34.1 million in 2005, an amount that is recorded as a receivable on our balance sheet. Although
we believe that we have strong arguments to support why these amounts should be returned to us,
there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our appeal or that this process will be
completed in an expeditious manner. While not expected or considered likely, a failure of our
appeal could lead to the establishment of reserves and the eventual write-off of the receivables we
have established. More generally, due to the complexity of the reimbursement process, we could be
subject to civil false claims assessments, fines, criminal penalties or program exclusions as a
result of review of program violations by the Department of Justice and the Office of Inspector
General, Department of Health and Human Services. Private pay sources also reserve rights to
conduct audits and make monetary adjustments.

See the “Results of Operations – Overview” section on pages 21-23 under Item 7, Management’s
Discussion and Analysis, for additional discussion of Medicare and Medicaid legislation.

If we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer penalties or
be required to make significant changes to our operations.

The health care industry, including our company, is required to comply with extensive and complex
laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other
things,

¨ Licensure and certification;

¨ Adequacy and quality of health care services;

¨ Qualifications of health care and support personnel;

¨ Quality of medical equipment;

¨ Confidentiality, maintenance and security issues associated with medical records and
claims processing;

¨ Relationships with physicians and other referral sources;

¨ Operating policies and procedures;

¨ Addition of facilities and services; and

¨ Billing for services.

10

Table of Contents

Many of these laws and regulations are expansive, and we do not always have the benefit of
significant regulatory or judicial interpretation of these laws and regulations. In addition,
certain regulatory developments, such as revisions in the building code requirements for assisted
living and skilled nursing facilities, mandatory increases in scope and quality of care to be
offered to residents, and revisions in licensing and certification standards, could have a material
adverse effect on us. In the future, different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and
regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality
or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital
expenditure programs and operating expenses.

If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to liabilities,
including criminal penalties, civil penalties (including the loss of our licenses to operate one or
more of our facilities) and exclusion of one or more of our facilities from participation in the
Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal and state health care programs. Both federal and state
government agencies have heightened and coordinated civil and criminal enforcement efforts as part
of numerous ongoing investigations of health care companies and, in particular, skilled nursing
facilities and hospice and home health care agencies. These investigations relate to a wide
variety of topics, including:

¨ Cost reporting and billing practices;

¨ Quality of care;

¨ Financial relationships with referral sources; and

¨ Medical necessity of services provided.

In addition, the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services and
the Department of Justice have, from time to time, established national enforcement initiatives
that focus on specific billing practices or other suspected areas of abuse. As other participants
in the health care industry, we receive requests for information from governmental agencies in
connection with their regulatory or investigational authority. Moreover, health care providers are
also subject to ‘‘qui tam’’ whistleblower lawsuits and false claims provisions at both the state
and federal level.

11

Table of Contents

We are required to comply with laws governing the transmission and privacy of health information.

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, requires us to comply
with standards for the exchange of health information within our company and with third parties,
such as payors, business associates and patients. These include standards for common health care
transactions, such as:

¨ Claims information, plan eligibility, payment information and the use of electronic
signatures;

¨ Unique identifiers for providers, employers, health plans and individuals; and

¨ Security, privacy and enforcement.

The Department of Health and Human Services has released final rules to implement a number of these
requirements, and several HIPAA initiatives have become effective, including privacy protections,
transaction standards and security standards. If we fail to comply with these standards, we could
be subject to criminal penalties and civil sanctions.

State efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of health care providers could impair our
ability to expand our operations.

Some states require health care providers (including skilled nursing facilities, hospices, home
health agencies and assisted living facilities) to obtain prior approval, known as a certificate of
need, or CON, for:

¨ The purchase, construction or expansion of health care facilities;

¨ Capital expenditures exceeding a prescribed amount; or

¨ Changes in services or bed capacity.

To the extent that we require a CON or other similar approvals to expand our operations, either by
acquiring facilities or expanding or providing new services or other changes, our expansion could
be adversely affected by the failure or inability to obtain the necessary approvals, changes in the
standards applicable to those approvals, and possible delays and expenses associated with obtaining
those approvals. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain CON approval for all future
projects requiring that approval.

12

Table of Contents

Health care reform legislation may affect our business.

In recent years, there have been numerous initiatives on the federal and state levels for
comprehensive reforms affecting the payment for and availability of health care services. Aspects
of certain of these health care initiatives could adversely affect us, such as:

¨ Reductions in funding of the Medicare and Medicaid programs;

¨ Potential changes in reimbursement regulations by CMS;

¨ Enhanced pressure to contain health care costs by Medicare, Medicaid and other
payors; and

¨ Greater state flexibility and additional operational requirements in the
administration of Medicaid.

There can be no assurance as to the ultimate content, timing or effect of any health care reform
legislation, nor is it possible at this time to estimate the impact of potential legislation on us.
That impact may be material to our financial condition or our results of operations.

We face national, regional and local competition.

Our nursing facilities compete primarily on a local and regional basis with many long-term care
providers, some of whom may own as few as a single nursing center. Our ability to compete
successfully varies from location to location depending on a number of factors, including the
number of competing centers in the local market, the types of services available, quality of care,
reputation, age and appearance of each center, and the cost of care in each locality.

We also compete with a variety of other companies in providing assisted living services, hospice
and home health care services, and rehabilitation therapy services. Given the relatively low
barriers to entry and continuing health care cost-containment pressures in the assisted living
industry, we expect that the assisted living industry will become increasingly competitive in the
future. Increased competition in the future could limit our ability to attract and retain
residents, to maintain or increase resident service fees, or to expand our business.

Labor costs may increase with a potential shortage of qualified personnel.

A shortage of nurses or other trained personnel and general inflationary pressures have required us
to enhance our wage and benefits packages in order to compete for qualified personnel. We compete
with other health care providers to attract and retain qualified or skilled personnel. We also
compete with various industries for lower-wage employees. We have used and will continue to use,
when needed, high-priced temporary help to supplement staffing levels in certain markets with
shortages of health care workers. If a shortage of nurses or other
health care workers occurred in all geographic areas in which we operate, it could adversely affect our ability to
attract and retain qualified personnel and could further increase our operating costs.

13

Table of Contents

See the “Results of Operations – Overview” section on page 23 under Item 7, Management’s Discussion
and Analysis, for additional discussion of labor.

Our operations are subject to occupational health and safety regulations.

We are subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local occupational health and safety laws
and regulations. The types of regulatory requirements faced by health care providers such as us
include:

¨ Air and water quality control requirements;

¨ Occupational health and safety requirements (such as standards regarding blood-borne
pathogens and ergonomics) and waste     management requirements;

¨ Specific regulatory requirements applicable to asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls
and radioactive substances;

¨ Requirements for providing notice to employees and members of the public about
hazardous materials and wastes; and

¨ Certain other requirements.

If we fail to comply with these standards, we may be subject to sanctions and penalties.

We may be unable to reduce costs to offset decreases in our occupancy rates or other expenses
completely.

We depend on implementing adequate cost management initiatives in response to fluctuations in
levels of occupancy in our skilled nursing and assisted living facilities and in other sources of
income in order to maintain our current cash flow and earnings levels. Fluctuation in our
occupancy levels may become more common as we increase our emphasis on patients with shorter stays
but higher acuities. A decline in our occupancy rates could result in decreased revenues. If we
are unable to put in place corresponding adjustments in costs in response to declines in census or
other revenue shortfalls, we may be unable to prevent future decreases in earnings. As a result,
our financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.

14

Table of Contents

The cost of general and professional liability claims may increase.

Patient care liability remains a serious industry-wide cost issue. The long-term care industry
received some assistance with the passage of tort reform measures in Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Texas and other states. Despite those reforms, if patient care claims significantly increase in
number and size, our future financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.