. 

The risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause actual results to
differ materially from our expectations and projections. While we believe that our assumptions, expectations and projections are reasonable in view of the currently available information, you are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. They are subject to future events, risks and
uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control – as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our
expectations and projections. Forward-looking statements may relate to such matters as Net Sales growth, comparable store sales, impact of cannibalization, state of the residential construction and
housing markets, commodity price inflation and deflation, implementation of store initiatives, protection of intellectual property rights, Net Earnings performance, including Depreciation and
Amortization expense, earnings per share, stock-based compensation expense, store openings and closures, capital allocation and expenditures, the effect of adopting certain accounting standards,
return on invested capital, management of our purchasing or customer credit policies, strategic direction, including whether or not a sale or initial public offering of HD Supply will occur or, if a
transaction is undertaken, its terms or timing, and the demand for our products and services. You should read these Risk Factors in conjunction with "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations" in Item 7 of this report and our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes in Item 8 of this report. There also may be other factors that we cannot
anticipate or that are not described in this report, generally because we do not perceive them to be material, that could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these forward-looking statements. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related
subjects in our periodic filings with the SEC. 

Rising costs, a reduction in the availability of financing, weather and other conditions in North America could adversely affect our costs of doing
business, demand for our products and services and our average ticket price. 

Interest rates, fuel and other energy costs, labor and healthcare costs, availability of financing, employment, state of the residential construction and housing markets,
consumer confidence and general economic outlook, weather, natural disasters, terrorism and other conditions that adversely 

7

affect
consumer demand for our products and services could adversely affect our financial performance. These and other similar factors could: 

•

increase
our costs,

•

cause
our customers to delay undertaking or determine not to undertake new home improvement projects,

•

cause
our customers to delay purchasing or determine not to purchase home improvement products and services,

•

cause
our customers to delay or determine not to undertake new spending in the commercial, residential, industrial and public infrastructure markets, and

•

lead
to a decline in customer transactions and in average ticket price. 

We rely on third party suppliers, and if we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, our ability to
timely and efficiently access products that meet our high standards for quality could be adversely affected. 

We buy our products and supplies from suppliers located throughout the world. Our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can
satisfy our high standards for quality and our need to access products and supplies in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge. Our ability to access products and supplies also can be
adversely affected by political instability, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, transport
capacity and cost and other factors beyond our control. 

If we are unable to effectively manage and expand our alliances and relationships with selected suppliers of brand name products, we may be unable to
effectively execute our strategy to differentiate us from our competitors. 

As part of our strategy of differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with selected suppliers to market products under a variety of
well-recognized brand names. If we are unable to manage and expand these alliances and relationships or identify alternative sources for comparable products, we may not be able to
effectively execute our strategy of differentiation. 

Any inability to open new stores on schedule will delay the contribution of these new stores to our financial performance. 

We expect to increase our presence in existing markets and enter new markets. Our ability to open new stores will depend primarily on our ability to: 

•

identify
attractive locations,

•

negotiate
leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms,

•

attract
and train qualified employees, and

•

manage
pre-opening expenses, including construction costs. 

Our
ability to open new stores also will be affected by environmental regulations, local zoning issues and other laws related to land use. Failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors
will affect our ability to open stores on schedule, which will delay the impact of these new stores on our financial performance. 

8

The implementation of our technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and our technology initiatives might not provide the
anticipated benefits or might fail. 

We have made, and will continue to make, significant technology investments both in our stores and branches and in our administrative functions. Our technology initiatives are
designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high quality service to our customers and to provide our customers a better experience. The cost and potential
problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of our technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. In addition, our new or upgraded
technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits or the technology might fail altogether. 

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for
our products and services and our market share. 

It is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond
to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to design attractive stores and to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences, spending
patterns and home improvement needs could adversely affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services and our market share. 

The inflation or deflation of commodity prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, sales and profit margins. 

Prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and
international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices may affect our
sales and profit margins. 

If we cannot successfully manage the unique challenges presented by international markets, we may not be successful in expanding our international
operations. 

Our strategy includes expansion of our operations in existing and new international markets by selective acquisitions, strategic alliances and the opening of new stores and
branches. Our ability to successfully execute our strategy in international markets is affected by many of the same operational risks we face in expanding our U.S. operations. In addition, our
international expansion may be adversely affected by our ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers as well as by local laws and customs, legal and regulatory constraints, political and
economic conditions and currency regulations of the countries or regions in which we currently operate or intend to operate in the future. Risks inherent in our international operations also include,
among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. Additionally, foreign currency
exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our future costs or on future cash flows from our international operations. 

Our success depends upon our ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified associates. 

To be successful, we must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of highly qualified associates while controlling related labor costs. Our ability to control
labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs. In addition, many of our associates are in hourly positions with historically
high turnover rates. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these associates and invest significant resources in training and 

9

motivating
them. We also depend on our executives and other key associates for our success. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future. 

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could
significantly affect our financial results. 

Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are
relevant to our business, such as revenue recognition, asset impairment, inventories, self-insurance, tax matters and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective
assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could
significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. 

Increased competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share. 

We operate in markets in industries that are highly competitive. Our retail business competes principally based on price, store location, customer service and depth of
merchandise. Our HD Supply business competes principally based on ability to provide and deliver supplies, product knowledge and expertise, advisory services and availability of credit. In each market
we serve, there are a number of other home improvement stores, electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses and lumber yards. With respect to some products, we also compete with discount
stores, local, regional and national hardware stores, mail order firms, warehouse clubs, independent building supply stores and other retailers. In addition, we compete with specialty design stores or
showrooms, some of which are only open to interior design professionals, local and regional distributors, and wholesalers and manufacturers that sell products directly to their customer bases. Intense
competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors could affect prices or demand for our products and services. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these pressures, our
financial performance and our market share could be adversely affected. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, and while we cannot predict the outcomes of such proceedings and other contingencies with certainty,
some of these outcomes may adversely affect our operations or increase our costs. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, including government inquiries and investigations, and consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. We cannot predict the
outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by government authorities, with certainty. The outcome of some of these
legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from taking actions which could adversely affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money.
Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources from other matters. 

Our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in federal, state or local regulations. 

Changes in the federal, state or local minimum wage or living wage requirements or changes in other wage or workplace regulations could increase our costs of doing business.
Changes in federal, state or local regulations governing the sale of some of our products could increase our costs of doing business. In addition, changes to federal, state and local tax regulations
could increase our costs of doing business. 

10