.

We are subject to extensive governmental regulation
and taxation policies, the enforcement of which could adversely impact our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to extensive gaming regulations and
political and regulatory uncertainty. Regulatory authorities in the foreign
countries that we operate, as well as at the U.S. federal, state and local
levels have broad powers with respect to the licensing of casino operations and
may revoke, suspend, condition or limit our gaming or other licenses, impose
substantial fines and take other actions, any one of which could adversely
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. From time
to time, individual jurisdictions have also considered legislation or
referendums, such as bans on smoking in casinos and other entertainment and dining
facilities, which could adversely impact our operations. The likelihood or
outcome of similar legislation and referendums in the future cannot be
predicted.

The casino entertainment
industry represents a significant source of tax revenues to the various jurisdictions
in which casinos operate. From time to time, various state and federal
legislators and officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the
administration of such laws, including increases in tax rates, which would
affect the industry. If adopted, such changes could adversely impact our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

The development and construction of new hotels,
casinos and gaming venues and the expansion of existing ones are susceptible to
delays, cost overruns and other uncertainties, which could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may decide to
develop, construct and open new hotels, casinos and other gaming venues in
response to opportunities that may arise, including developments in Singapore,
Slovenia, Spain, Pennsylvania and the Bahamas previously disclosed. Future
development projects and acquisitions may require significant capital
commitments and could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities,
the incurrence of additional debt, guarantees of third party-debt, the
incurrence of contingent liabilities and an increase in amortization expense
related to intangible assets, which could have an adverse effect upon our
business, financial condition and results of operations. The development and
construction of new hotels, casinos and gaming venues and the expansion of
existing ones, such as our expansions at our Harrah’s Atlantic City and Harrah’s
New Orleans properties, are susceptible to various risks and uncertainties,
such as:

·
       the
existence of acceptable market conditions and demand for the completed project;

·
       general
construction risks, including cost overruns, change orders and plan or
specification modification, shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor,
labor disputes, unforeseen environmental, engineering or geological problems,
work stoppages, fire and other natural disasters, construction scheduling
problems and weather interferences;

8

·
       changes
and concessions required by governmental or regulatory authorities;

·
       delays
in obtaining, or inability to obtain, all licenses, permits and authorizations
required to complete and/or operate the project; and

·
       disruption
of our existing operations and facilities.

Our failure to complete any
new development or expansion project as planned, on schedule, within budget or
in a manner that generates anticipated profits, could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Servicing our indebtedness will require a significant
amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond
our control.

Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness and
to fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate
cash in the future. Harrah’s Entertainment, Inc. is a holding company and
Harrah’s Operating Company, Inc. conducts substantially all of its
operations through its subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to meet our debt
service obligations substantially depends upon our subsidiaries’ cash flows and
payments of funds to us by our subsidiaries. This ability, to some extent, is
subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory
and other factors that are beyond our control. An economic downturn in a region
in which we operate may adversely impact our business, results of operations
and financial condition.

Based on our current level
of operations and recent acquisitions, including the acquisition of Caesars, we
believe our cash flow from operations, available cash and available borrowings
under our credit facility will be adequate to meet our liquidity needs for the
foreseeable future. There can be no assurances, however, that our business will
generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be
available to us under our credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us
to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to
refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. There can
be no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on
commercially reasonable terms or at all.

Acts of terrorism and war and natural disasters may
negatively impact our future profits.

Terrorist attacks and other acts of war or hostility
have created many economic and political uncertainties. We cannot predict the
extent to which terrorism, security alerts or war, or hostilities in Iraq will
continue to directly or indirectly impact our business and operating results.
As a consequence of the threat of terrorist attacks and other acts of war or
hostility in the future, premiums for a variety of insurance products have
increased, and some types of insurance are no longer available. Given current
conditions in the global insurance markets, we are predominately uninsured for
losses and interruptions caused by terrorist acts and acts of war. If any such
event were to affect our properties, we would likely be adversely impacted.

In addition, natural disasters such as major fires,
floods, hurricanes and earthquakes could also adversely impact our business and
operating results. For example, four of our properties were closed due to the
damage sustained from Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in August and September 2005.
Such events could lead to the loss of use of one or more of our properties for
an extended period of time and disrupt our ability to attract customers to
certain of our gaming facilities. If any such event were to affect our