We are subject to all of the operating risks common in
the lodging and timeshare industries and our results may be adversely impacted
if any of these risks materialize.

   Our
results are significantly affected by occupancy and room rates achieved by our
hotels, our ability to manage costs, foreign currency exchange rate movements
related to our international operations, our relative mix of owned, leased,
managed and franchised hotels, supply and demand changes for hotel rooms and
timeshare intervals in our markets, the quantity and pricing of timeshare
interval sales and changes in the number of available hotel rooms and timeshare
intervals through acquisition, development and disposition. Unfavorable changes
in these factors, as well as the occurrence of other events described below,
could negatively impact hotel room demand and pricing which, in turn, could
limit our ability to pass through operating cost increases in the form of
higher room rates. Our ability to manage costs could be adversely impacted by
significant increases in operating expenses, such as wages and other labor
costs, healthcare, insurance, property taxes and energy, as well as increases
in construction costs, resulting in lower operating margins. In addition,
economic factors beyond our control in the U.S. and internationally may create
challenges for the lodging industry and us in 2007 and beyond. A downturn in
economic conditions could impact the demand for hotel rooms and put pressure on
room rates. Increases in transportation and fuel costs, the financial condition
of the airline industry and its impact on air travel and sustained recessionary
periods in the U.S. and internationally could also unfavorably impact future
results.

Certain of our employees are covered by collective
bargaining agreements and labor disputes may disrupt our operations.

   Employees at certain of our owned and managed hotels
are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In July 2006, we
announced a five-year agreement with UNITE HERE, the union representing a
majority of our unionized employees, termed a “partnership for future growth”
which includes agreement by the parties to work together toward labor peace in
cities with collective bargaining. Since the announcement, collective
bargaining agreements have been reached and ratified in key markets including
New York, Chicago, Puerto Rico, San Francisco, Toronto and Honolulu. At this
time, we cannot predict when or whether new agreements will be reached in other
markets in which we have employees covered by collective bargaining agreements,
and what the impact of prolonged negotiations could be. Labor disputes in
markets in which we have employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
could disrupt our operations by causing the diversion of business to other
hotels, thereby impacting our financial results negatively.

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from
operations of our owned hotels and events in the markets where these properties
are located could adversely affect our overall financial results.

   We derived approximately 31% of our revenue in
2006 from the operations of our owned hotels. A significant portion of this
revenue was derived from our large convention hotels located in major U.S.
cities. See “Operations—Hotel Properties—Owned Hotels” under Item 1.
In addition, we acquired 39 owned properties in the HI Acquisition.
Although we sold a number of owned properties since the HI Acquisition and are
continuing to market certain properties for sale, soft economic conditions and
reduced business travel in any of the markets where we currently own properties
could adversely affect our results from these properties and, therefore, our
overall financial results. Our owned properties are also subject to risks that
generally relate to investments in commercial real estate, including
governmental regulations; real estate, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent
domain laws; the ongoing need for capital improvements to maintain or upgrade