We are subject to
all of the operating risks common in the lodging and timeshare industries and
our results may be adversely impacted if any of these risks materialize.

Our results are significantly affected by occupancy
and room rates achieved by our hotels, our ability to manage costs, our
relative mix of owned, leased, managed and franchised hotels, supply and demand
changes for hotel rooms and timeshare intervals in our markets, the quantity
and pricing of timeshare interval sales and changes in the number of available
hotel rooms and timeshare intervals through acquisition, development and
disposition. Unfavorable changes in these factors as well as the occurrence of
other events described below could negatively impact hotel room demand and
pricing which, in turn, could limit our ability to pass through operating cost
increases in the form of higher room rates. Our ability to manage costs could
be adversely impacted by significant increases in operating expenses, such as
wages and other labor costs, healthcare, insurance, property taxes and energy,
as well as increases in construction costs, resulting in lower operating
margins. In addition, economic factors beyond our control in the U.S. and
internationally may create challenges for the lodging industry and us in 2006
and beyond. A downturn in economic conditions could impact the demand for hotel
rooms and put pressure on room rates. Increases in transportation and fuel
costs, the financial condition of the airline industry and its impact on air
travel and sustained recessionary periods in the U.S. and internationally could
also unfavorably impact future results.

Certain of our
employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements and labor disputes
may disrupt our operations.

Employees
at certain of our owned and managed hotels are covered by collective bargaining
agreements that have either expired or will expire in 2006. These agreements
affect a broad array of hotels in New York, San Francisco, Boston, Chicago,
Honolulu, Pittsburgh, Los Angeles and Toronto. UNITE HERE, the union
representing a majority of our unionized employees, has announced its intent to
specifically target activities at Hilton properties and, in several key
markets, exclude us from traditional multiemployer negotiations. We are
preparing for the impact of potential labor activities, which may cause the
diversion of business to other hotels, thereby impacting our results negatively.
However, at this time, we cannot predict when or whether new agreements will be
reached and what the impact of prolonged negotiations may be. Labor disputes in
markets in which we have employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
could disrupt our operations and adversely impact our financial results in
these and other markets.

We derive a
significant portion of our revenue from operations of our owned hotels and
events in the markets where these properties are located could adversely affect
our overall financial results.

We derived approximately 46% of our revenue in 2005
from the operations of our owned hotels. A significant portion of these
revenues derived from our large convention hotels located in major U.S. cities.
See “General Information—Recent Developments” and “Operations—Hotel Properties—Owned Hotels”
above. In addition, we acquired 41 owned properties in the HI Acquisition.
Soft economic conditions in any of the markets where our owned properties are
located and reduced business travel could adversely affect our results from
these properties and, therefore, our overall financial results. Our owned